

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-15-001601
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		13
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20150427
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20150427
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FRESH PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001058330
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				880393257
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24723
		FILM NUMBER:		15794499
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111?ALDERMAN?DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE?210?
		CITY:			ALPHARETTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30005
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 309-9080
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111?ALDERMAN?DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE?210?
		CITY:			ALPHARETTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30005
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STAKOOL
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091230
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mod Hospitality
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080926
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PSPP HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070122








     





UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2014



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



Fresh
    Promise Foods Inc.

(Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)


Commission
file number: 00-24723

FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
(Name
of small business issuer in its charter)



    
    
    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
    
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

incorporation
    or organization)
    
    
    
    


1111
Alderman Drive
 Suite 210
Alpharetta
Georgia 30005
(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)

(770)
521-9826

 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
Common
Stock
 $0.00001 par value

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K.[&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated filer
    
    
Accelerated
    filer
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
    
Smaller reporting
    company
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 30
 2014
 was
$329
965. As of April 23
 2015 the registrant had 32
796
070 shares of its common stock
 par value $0.00001; 0 shares of its Preferred
A Series stock
 par value $0.00001; 2 shares of its Preferred B Series stock
 par value $0.00001; and 308
108 shares of its Preferred
C Series stock
 par value $0.00001 outstanding.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE






    
    


TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
Page
    No.

PART
    I
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    
    

Item
    1A.
Risk
    Factors.
    
    

Item
    1B.
Unresolved
    Staff Comments.
    
    

Item
    2.
    
    
    

Item
    3.
Legal
    Proceedings.
    
    

Item
    4.
Mine
    Safety Disclosures.
    
    

    
    
    

PART
    II
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    5.
Market
    For Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    
    

Item
    6.
Selected
    Financial Data.
    
    

Item
    7.
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.
    
    

Item
    7A
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
    
    

Item
    8.
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data.
    
    

Item
    9.
Changes
    In And Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
    
    

Item
    9A.
Controls
    And Procedures.
    
    

Item
    9B.
Other
    Information.
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    III
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    10.
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    
    

Item
    11.
Executive
    Compensation.
    
    

Item
    12.
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
    
    

Item
    13.
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    
    

Item
    14.
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services.
    
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    IV
    
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    15.
Exhibits
    Financial Statements Schedules.
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    



    
    


SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

The
following cautionary statements identify important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those
projected in forward-looking statements made in this amended. Annual Report on Form 10-K (this &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) and in other
reports and documents published by us from time to time. Any statements about our beliefs
 plans
 objectives
 expectations
 assumptions
future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often
 but not always
made through the use of words or phrases such as &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;will likely result
&rdquo; &ldquo;are expected
to
&rdquo; &ldquo;will continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;is anticipated
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimated
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;projection
&rdquo; &ldquo;outlook&rdquo; and the like
 constitute &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the
&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;). However
 as we issue &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 promulgated
under the Exchange Act
 we are ineligible to rely on these safe harbor provisions. Such forward-looking statements involve known
and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results
 performance or achievements of our Company
to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Given these uncertainties
 readers are cautioned to carefully read all &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; set forth under Item 1A and
not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update any such factors or to announce
publicly the results of any revisions of the forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference herein to reflect
future events or developments
 except as required by the Exchange Act. New factors emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible
for us to predict which will arise or to assess with any precision the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to
which any factor
 or combination of factors
 may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements.

Unless
otherwise provided in this Report
 references to &ldquo;Fresh Promise Foods
 &ldquo;the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; the &ldquo;Registrant
&rdquo;
the &ldquo;Issuer
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; refer to Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.


    
    


PART
I

Item
1. Business



History
of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.


The
Company was incorporated in the State of Delaware under the name
 PLR
 Inc. in 1993
 and went through a series of name changes
and reorganizations. In November 1997
 PLR
 Inc. changed its name to Integrated Carbonics Corp. and moved its domicile to the
State of Nevada. On July 23
 1999
 Integrated Carbonics Corp. changed its name to Urbana.ca
 Inc. (&ldquo;URBA&rdquo;). On April
11
 2003
 URBA changed its name to PSPP Holdings
 Inc. On August 11
 2008
 PSPP Holdings
 Inc. changed its name to Cynosure Holdings
Inc. by filing a Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada. On August 21
 2008
 the Company
changed its name to Hybid Hospitality
 Inc. by filing a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation. On December
16
 2009
 the Company changed its name to Stakool
 Inc.

On
June 16
 2011
 Stakool entered into a Letter of Intent of Sale and Purchase with Anthus Life Corp.
 a privately held Nevada corporation
(&ldquo;Anthus Life&rdquo;).

On
July 20
 2011
 Stakool and Anthus Life executed an Agreement of Sale and Purchase whereby Anthus Life received 77
588
470 shares
of 79
388
470 issued and outstanding shares of Stakool common stock
 as well as 10
000
000 Preferred Shares of Stakool in exchange
for scheduled payments
 totaling $350
000 and 1
300
000 shares of Stakool common stock the &ldquo;Agreement of Sale and Purchase&rdquo;).
The parties amended the Agreement of Purchase and Sale as of January 19
 2012
 providing
 among other things
 for the issuance
of an additional 2
650
000 shares of Stakool common stock to certain parties. All stock has been issued under the Agreement of
Sale and Purchase and
 as of December 31
 2012
 $355
000 has been paid.

Anthus
Life Corp. was incorporated in Nevada on June 4
 2009. Anthus was a developer and manufacturer of natural and organic food products
packaged for consumer consumption. The Company had one product line in the natural food category. In 2013 the Company terminated
its production of products due to a lack of working capital. However as additional funds have been secured by the new management
team
 production will resume in the near future.

On
March 15
 2013 all officers and directors resigned from the Company and Mr. Joseph C. Canouse was appointed President
 Chief Executive
Officer
 and Director.

Effective
August 5
 2013
 the Company completed a 1 for 100 reverse stock split
 which reduced the number of issued and outstanding common
shares from 2
903
888
889 to approximately 29
039
066. Fractional shares produced as a result of this reverse stock split were
rounded up to the next whole share. The consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse
stock split.

On
September 26
 2013
 the name of the Company was changed to Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. and the Company also reduced the number of
authorized shares of common stock from four billion (4
000
000
000) to four hundred seventy five million (475
000
000).

On
May 13
 2014
 the Company increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from four hundred seventy five million (475
000
000)
to nine hundred seventy five million (975
000
000).

On
June 2
 2014
 Joseph C. Canouse resigned as Chairman of the board of directors and as Chief Financial Officer of the Company
and the Board approved by unanimous written consent the appointment of Scott Martin as a member of the Board and Secretary of
the Company. Mr. Kevin P. Quirk was appointed Chairman of the Board.

On
October 16
 2014
 the Company increased the number of authorized shares of common stock from nine hundred seventy five million
(975
000
000) to two billion (2
000
000
000).

Effective
January 20
 2015
 the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA) effected in the marketplace a 1-for-150 reverse stock split
for the Company&rsquo;s common stock.


    
    



Current
Products
 Potential Product Categories and Extension

Fresh
Promise Foods is a consumer products company focused on the &ldquo;Core Wellness&rdquo; sector of health and wellness. The &ldquo;health
and wellness&rdquo; mega trend drives the overall natural ingredients market. Increasing incidence of lifestyle-based disorders
such as cardiovascular diseases (CVDs)
 obesity
 osteoporosis and diabetes
 has propelled consumers to resort to natural alternatives.
Moreover
 the number of articles and newsletters circulated in media describing the ill-effects of consuming synthetic ingredients
has further cautioned consumers. Consumers perceive natural ingredients as having a positive impact on general health
 while synthetic
ingredients have certain detrimental effects on health. As a result
 food manufacturers have promptly responded to the situation
by completely replacing or partially replacing synthetic ingredients with their natural counterparts.

It
is becoming clearer that healthy eating is transitioning from a niche market to the mainstream. Health and wellness-focused products
are expanding rapidly
 with many of the fastest growing food and beverage categories inextricably linked to consumer perceptions
of health.

Intellectual
Property

The
Company has no registered patents; however
 all of its products are formulated utilizing its own proprietary formulations. The
Company has many Trademarks that have been filed and owns more than 50 URL&rsquo;s.

Production
Sources of Raw Materials and the Names of Principal Suppliers

An
experienced core management team has reviewed
 studied and analyzed the natural and/or organic product market. Our strategy includes
establishing a procurement program and working with outside professionals to build our business
 create brands through eco-friendly
packaging and distinctive labeling
 and develop key distribution relationships.

Marketing
Strategy

The
strategy is to have our brand name strongly associated on all of our distributed products and to focus on finding and developing
the best FDA/USDA certified natural and/or organic food product options for North America and beyond. During 2014
 the Company
introduced its own brand
 Harvest Soul and plans to either build or buy other complementary products in 2015 and beyond. For 2014
our R&amp;D team diligently worked to develop a line of Organic juices that are both relevant and unique to the established categories.


We
have secured a manufacturer with the requisite governmental approval
 having completed the package design and is distributing
the initial product offering. We are excited about the opportunity to bring healthy
 great tasting
 and natural and/or organic
food and beverage products at affordable prices to the North American market.

Fresh
Promise Foods will strive to become a leader in the quality food and beverage business. We are a mission-driven company that aims
to set the standards of excellence for food manufacturers. We are building a business in which high standards permeate all aspects
of our company and quality ingredients
 the latest food technology and great marketing permeate all aspects of our products.

We
believe that once the consumer tastes our product line
 he or she will become a loyal consumer and will seek out our product because
of the health benefits
 value in price
 quality of the product and the good taste of the product
 thus becoming a returning and
loyal consumer.

Words
like &ldquo;Natural
&rdquo; &ldquo;clean label
&rdquo; &ldquo;green
&rdquo; &ldquo;eco-friendly&rdquo;
 &ldquo;organic&rdquo;
&ldquo;non GMO&rdquo; and &ldquo;sustainability&rdquo; are the new buzzwords in today&rsquo;s food and beverage industry. Products
and ingredients bearing these tags have created demand among consumers
 and therefore have been significant purchase influencers.
The markets for these natural and naturally derived products are growing at a fast rate
 creating an immense profit potential
for food and beverage manufacturers. The past two decades have witnessed consumers becoming more health conscious and resorting
to preventive measures
 rather than reactionary ones. Functional foods and beverages play a major role in this segment
 promoting
the concept of healthiness-on-the-go. These functional foods and beverages include health ingredients
 which may promote general
health and well- being by preventing certain diseases. However
 the industry also confronts certain challenges in coping with
the demand of natural ingredients used in food and beverage applications
 particularly
 in terms of sustainability.


    
    



The
&ldquo;health and wellness&rdquo; mega trend drives the overall natural ingredients market. Increasing incidence of lifestyle-based
disorders
 such as cardiovascular diseases (CVDs)
 obesity
 osteoporosis and diabetes
 has propelled consumers to resort to natural
alternatives. Moreover
 the number of articles and newsletters circulated in media describing the ill-effects of consuming synthetic
ingredients has further cautioned consumers. Consumers perceive natural ingredients as having a positive impact on general health
while synthetic ingredients have certain detrimental effects on health. As a result
 food manufacturers have promptly responded
to the situation by completely replacing or partially replacing synthetic ingredients with their natural counterparts.

It
is becoming clearer that healthy eating is transitioning from a niche market to the mainstream. Health and wellness-focused products
are expanding rapidly
 with eight out of ten of the fastest growing food and beverage categories inextricably linked to consumer
perceptions of health. In 2013
 the market for Health &amp; Nutrition foods at retail value is estimated at $720 billion with
a CAGR of 7.4%. This constituted 24% of the total food market which had an average CAGR of 2.8%. More specifically
 the global
functional food market is expected to show a CAGR of 9.7% during 2014-2017.



Consumer
Product Group (CPG)

This
is where the &ldquo;future value&rdquo; of the company will be derived. We will build and buy companies in the health and wellness
food and beverage space. Acquisition targets that meet our investment criteria share a number of common features:



    
    
A
    concept with substantial
 identifiable consumer demand which can be effectively replicated in multiple markets;

    
    
    

    
    
A
    unique brand asset capability that differentiates the company from its competition;

    
    
    

    
    
Attractive
    business model economics which address specific customer needs and demonstrate operational capabilities to achieve market
    leadership;

    
    
    

    
    
Strong
    management in place with a proven ability to execute a clearly defined strategic business plan;

    
    
    

    
    
A
    strong
 focused and customer-oriented culture;

    
    
    

    
    
Significant
    growth or growth potential and an expansion strategy that is consistent with the company&rsquo;s performance history;

    
    
    

    
    
A
    defensible and extendable position in a growing industry category.


Our
partner companies/acquisitions will have demonstrated fundamentally superior business models and substantial growth potential.
Furthermore
 when coupled with our investment capital
 expertise
 and resources
 these companies have the opportunity to create
a significant and sustainable competitive advantage. This advantage often results in an investment achieving market leadership
and providing superior economic returns to all participants.

Harvest
Soul

Under
the Fresh Promise Foods umbrella comes our in-house consumer product line called Harvest Soul; an organic
 non-GMO line of health
and wellness beverages and relating products. Harvest soul launched in November
 2014 and launched in Whole Foods Markets in March
2015. Further national expansion is planned for mid 2015.

Harvest
Soul Inc.
 a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fresh Promise Foods
 creates organic food and beverages from some of the world&rsquo;s
healthiest ingredients. Harvest Soul&rsquo;s new line of Chewable Juices is a nutritionally dense combination of fiber-rich vegetables
and fruits mixed with bits of chewable seeds
 nuts and berries. These revolutionary juices promote chewing
 which jumpstarts digestion
and promotes better nutrient absorption. All Harvest Soul juices are HPP Fressurized&trade;
 preserving &ldquo;straight from the
harvest&rdquo; freshness and nutrients not possible with heat pasteurization. The Company&rsquo;s high standards permeate all
aspects of its business
 from the highest quality ingredients to the latest in food technology. Harvest Soul organic juices feed
the body
 mind and soul (harvestsoul.com).


    
    


The
initial product in the Harvest Soul family is a &ldquo;chewable&rdquo; juice. There are many benefits to chewing your food. The
body absorbs more nutrients and energy from your food. The chewing process predigests your food into small pieces and partially
liquefies it making it easier to digest. Chewing also properly allows your stomach to work more efficiently and break down your
food faster thus avoiding digestive problems. This category within the beverage industry is in its infancy stage waiting to be
discovered and we will lead that discovery. Harvest Soul will be the first to national market and will be the leader in the chewable
juice category. Typical shelf life on an all-natural product such as this is approximately 4 days. However
 utilizing HPP
 we
will extend the shelf life to 60 days while IMPROVING taste nodes during this process. This is the difference between selling
at a Farmers Market only and getting into Whole Foods and other natural grocers immediately thus increasing revenues exponentially.
This also allows our products to move beyond local distribution into regional and national distribution.



While
Harvest Soul Chewable Juices has created an entire new category
 much the way Redbull created the Energy Drink category
 there
are multiple competitors across the entire landscape the take from our &ldquo;share of stomach&rdquo;. We strive to stand apart
from the competition through a focused strategy and great marketing. However
 we hope to emulate great companies like Suja
 Evolution
and Blueprint.



At the present
time
 the Company has four employees.


    
    


Item
1A. Risk Factors

Our
business is subject to numerous risks. We caution you that the following important factors
 among others
 could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf in filings with the
SEC
 press releases
 communications with investors and oral statements. Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this and
in any other public statements we make may turn out to be wrong. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make
or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many factors mentioned in the discussion below will be important in determining
future results. Consequently
 no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Actual future results may vary materially from those
anticipated in forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result
of new information
 future events or otherwise. You are advised
 however
 to consult any further disclosure we make in our reports
filed with the SEC.

An
investment in our Company involves a substantial risk of loss. You should carefully consider the risks described below
 before
you make any investment decision regarding our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties
 including those generally affecting
the market in which we operate or that we currently deem immaterial
 may also impair our business. If any such risks actually
materialize
 our business
 financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. In such case
 the trading price
of our common stock could decline.

The
following risk factors are not exhaustive and the risks discussed herein do not purport to be inclusive of all possible risks
but are intended only as examples of possible investment risks. To facilitate understanding of the various business risks applicable
to our Company and the strategic alliance companies through which we intend to operate our business during the foreseeable future
the risk factors discussed herein address our Company together with the risks applicable to our operations that we intend to conduct
with our strategic alliance partners.

Risks
Related to our Business and Industry

THE
COMPANY IS SUBJECT TO THE RISKS INHERENT IN A NEWLY-CREATED BUSINESS

The
Company is subject to substantially all the risks inherent in a newly-created business. As a result of its small size and capitalization
and limited operating history
 the Company is particularly susceptible to adverse effects of changing economic conditions and
consumer tastes
 competition
 and other contingencies or events beyond the control of the Company. It may be more difficult for
the Company to prepare for and respond to these types of risks and the risks described elsewhere in this Form 10-K than for a
company with an established business and operating cash flow. If the Company is not able to manage these risks successfully
 the
Company&rsquo;s operations could be negatively impacted. Due to changing circumstances
 the Company may be forced to change dramatically
or even terminate
 its planned operations.

INVESTORS
MAY LOSE THEIR ENTIRE INVESTMENT IF FRESH PROMISE FOODS
 INC. FAILS TO IMPLEMENT ITS BUSINESS PLAN.

The
Company expects to face substantial risks
 uncertainties
 expenses
 and difficulties because it is a development-stage company.
The Company has no demonstrable operations record of substance upon which you can evaluate the company&rsquo;s business and prospects.
The Company&rsquo;s prospects must be considered in light of the risks
 uncertainties
 expenses and difficulties frequently encountered
by companies in their early stages of development. The Company cannot guarantee that it will be successful in accomplishing its
objectives.

As
of the date of this filing the Company has had only limited start-up operations and has generated minimal revenues. Considering
these facts
 our independent auditors have raised substantial doubt about the company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern
in the independent auditors&rsquo; report to the financial statements filed with our Form 10-K. In addition
 the company&rsquo;s
lack of operating capital could negatively affect the value of its common shares and could result in the loss of your entire investment.


    
    


WE
RELY ON OUR PRESIDENT AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND IF HE LEAVES US
 OUR BUSINESS PLAN AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS COULD BE ADVERSELY
AFFECTED.

We
rely heavily on our President and Chief Executive Officer
 Kevin Quirk for our success. His experience and input create the foundation
for our business and he is responsible for the directorship and control over our activities. Moving forward
 should we lose the
services of Mr. Quirk
 for any reason
 we will incur costs associated with recruiting a replacement and delay in our operations.
If we are unable to replace Mr. Quirk with another suitably trained individual
 we may be forced to scale back or curtail our
business plan. As a result of this
 your investment in us could be devalued.

WE
HAVE NOT AND DO NOT ANTICIPATE PAYING ANY CASH DIVIDEND ON OUR COMMON STOCK AND BECAUSE OF THIS OUR SECURITIES COULD FACE DEVALUATION
IN THE MARKET.

We
have paid no cash dividends on our Common Stock to date and it is not anticipated that any cash dividends will be paid to holders
of our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. While our dividend policy will be based on the operating results and capital needs
of our business operations
 it is anticipated that any earnings will be retained to finance our business operations and future
expansion.

CHANGES
IN CONSUMER PREFERENCES AND DISCRETIONARY SPENDING MAY HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR REVENUE
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND
FINANCIAL CONDITION.

Shifts
in consumer preferences away from our products
 our inability to develop new products that appeal to consumers
 or changes in
our product mix that eliminate items popular with some consumers could harm our business. Also
 our success depends to a significant
extent on discretionary consumer spending
 which is influenced by general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary
income. Accordingly
 we may experience declines in revenue during economic downturns or during periods of uncertainty. Any material
decline in the amount of discretionary spending could have a material adverse effect on our sales
 results of operations
 business
and financial condition.

FLUCTUATIONS
IN VARIOUS COMMODITY
 PACKAGING AND SUPPLY COSTS
 COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS.

The
prices of the main ingredients in our offerings can be highly volatile. Supplies and prices of the various products that we use
to prepare our products can be affected by a variety of factors
 such as weather
 seasonal fluctuations
 demand
 politics and
economics in the producing countries. An increase in pricing of any major ingredients that we use in our products could have a
significant adverse effect on our profitability In addition; higher diesel prices have
 in some cases
 resulted in the imposition
of surcharges on the delivery of commodities to distributors. Additionally
 higher diesel and gasoline prices may affect our supply
costs and may affect our sales going forward. To help mitigate the risks of volatile commodity prices and to allow greater predictability
in pricing
 we hope to enter into fixed price or to-be-fixed priced purchase commitments. We cannot assure you that these activities
will be successful or that they will not result in our paying substantially more than would have been required absent such activities.
We do not presently have any multi-year pricing agreements (with fixed processing costs)
 and none with guaranteed volume commitments.

We
may not be able to prevent others from using our intellectual property
 and may be subject to claims by third parties that we
infringe on their intellectual property.

Our
products are created using proprietary formulations; however
 we have no registered patents. Preventing and policing the unauthorized
use of our intellectual property is often difficult and any steps we take may not
 in every case
 prevent the infringement by
unauthorized third parties. Further
 there can be no assurance that our efforts to enforce our rights and protect our intellectual
property will be successful. We may need to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights
 which may result
in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.

Further
although management does not believe that our products infringe on the intellectual rights of others
 there is no assurance that
we will not be the target of infringement or other claims. Such claims
 even if not true
 could result in significant legal and
other costs and may be a distraction to our management or interrupt our business.


    
    


LITIGATION
AND PUBLICITY CONCERNING PRODUCT QUALITY
 HEALTH AND OTHER ISSUES
 WHICH CAN RESULT IN LIABILITIES AND ALSO CAUSE CONSUMERS TO
AVOID OUR PRODUCTS
 WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION.

Beverage
and food service businesses can be adversely affected by litigation and complaints from consumers or government authorities resulting
from food and beverage quality
 illness
 injury or other health concerns or operating issues stemming from one retail location
or a limited number of retail locations. Adverse publicity about these allegations may negatively affect us
 regardless of whether
the allegations are true
 by discouraging consumers from buying our products. We could also incur significant liabilities
 if
a lawsuit or claim results in a decision against us
 or litigation costs
 regardless of the result.

BEVERAGE
AND FOOD SAFETY CONCERNS AND INSTANCES OF FOOD-BORNE ILLNESSES COULD HARM OUR CONSUMERS
 RESULT IN NEGATIVE PUBLICITY AND CAUSE
THE TEMPORARY CLOSURE OF SOME CONSUMERS&rsquo; STORES AND
 IN SOME CASES
 COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE PRICE AND AVAILABILITY OF
FRUITS
 ANY OF WHICH COULD HARM OUR BRAND REPUTATION
 RESULT IN A DECLINE IN SALES OR AN INCREASE IN COSTS.

We
consider food and beverage safety a top priority and will dedicate substantial resources towards ensuring that consumers enjoy
high-quality
 safe and wholesome products. However
 we cannot guarantee that controls and training will be fully effective in
preventing all food-borne illnesses. Furthermore
 reliance on third-party suppliers and distributors increases the risk that food-borne
illness incidents (such as E. coli
 Hepatitis A
 Salmonella or Listeria) could occur outside of our control and at multiple locations.
We will utilize High Pressure Processing (HPP) whenever possible to mitigate these risk.

Instances
of food-borne illnesses
 whether real or perceived
 and whether at our consumers&rsquo; stores or those of our competitors
 could
harm consumers and otherwise result in negative publicity about us or the products we serve
 which could adversely affect sales.
If there is an incident involving consumers&rsquo; C-stores and other approved channels serving contaminated products
 consumers
may be harmed
 our sales may decrease and our brand name may be impaired. If consumers become ill from food-borne illnesses
 we
could be forced to temporarily suspend some operations. If we react to negative publicity by changing our products or other key
aspects of the Fresh Promise experience
 we may lose consumers who do not accept those changes
 and may not be able to attract
enough new consumers to produce the revenue needed to make our operations profitable. In addition
 we may have different or additional
competitors for our intended consumers as a result of making any such changes and may not be able to compete successfully against
those competitors. Food safety concerns and instances of food-borne illnesses and injuries caused by food contamination have in
the past
 and could in the future
 adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients and cause consumers to
shift their preferences
 particularly if we choose to pass any higher ingredient costs along to consumers. As a result
 our costs
may increase and our sales may decline. A decrease in consumer traffic as a result of these health concerns or negative publicity
or as a result of a change in our products or smoothie experience or a temporary suspension of any of our consumer operations
could materially harm our business.

THE
FOOD SERVICE INDUSTRY HAS INHERENT OPERATIONAL RISKS THAT MAY NOT BE ADEQUATELY COVERED BY INSURANCE.

We
can give no assurance that we will be adequately insured against all risks or that our insurers will pay a particular claim. Furthermore
in the future
 we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at reasonable rates for our operations. We may also be
subject to calls
 or premiums
 in amounts based not only on our own claim records but also the claim records of all other members
of the protection and indemnity associations through which we may receive indemnity insurance coverage for tort liability. Our
insurance policies may also contain deductibles
 limitations and exclusions which
 although we may believe are standard in the
food service industry
 may nevertheless increase our costs.


    
    


THE
PLANNED INCREASE IN THE NUMBER OF STORES WHERE ARE OUR PRODUCTS WILL BE AVAILABLE MAY MAKE FUTURE RESULTS UNPREDICTABLE.

Our
future results depend on various factors
 including successful selection of new markets
 market acceptance of Fresh Promise Foods
brands
 consumer recognition of the quality of our products and willingness to pay our prices (which reflect our often higher
ingredient costs
) the quality and performance of our equipment and general economic conditions. In addition
 as with the experience
of other retail food and beverage concepts who have tried to expand nationally
 we may find that the Fresh Promise Foods concept
has limited or no appeal to consumers in new markets or we may experience a decline in the popularity of our brands. Newly opened
stores may not succeed
 future markets may not be successful and average store revenue may not meet expectations.

OUR
FAILURE TO MANAGE OUR GROWTH EFFECTIVELY COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS.

Our
plans call for a significant increase in the number of consumers. Product supply
 financial and management controls and information
systems may be inadequate to support our expansion. Managing our growth effectively will require us to continue to enhance these
systems
 procedures
 and controls and to hire
 train and retain management and staff. We may not respond quickly enough to the
changing demands that our expansion will impose on our management
 employees and existing infrastructure. We also place a lot
of importance on our culture
 which we believe will be an important contributor to our success. As we grow
 however
 we may have
difficulty maintaining our culture or adapting it sufficiently to meet the needs of our operations. Our failure to manage our
growth effectively could harm our business and operating results.

OUR
OPERATING RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE SIGNIFICANTLY AND COULD FALL BELOW THE EXPECTATIONS OF INVESTORS DUE TO VARIOUS FACTORS.

Our
operating results may fluctuate significantly because of various factors
 including:



    
1.
    
The
    impact of inclement weather
 natural disasters and other calamities
 such as earthquakes and/or hurricanes
 which could cause
    a delay in getting our products to our consumers;

    
    
    

    
2.
    
Unseasonably
    cold or wet weather conditions could cause a delay in getting our products to our consumers;

    
    
    

    
3.
    
Profitability
    of our operations where our products are sold
 especially in new markets;

    
    
    

    
4.
    
Changes
    in comparable store sales and consumer visits
 including the introduction of new product items;

    
    
    

    
5.
    
Variations
    in general economic conditions
 including those relating to changes in diesel and gasoline prices;

    
    
    

    
6.
    
Negative
    publicity about the ingredients we use or the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or other problems at stores where our products
    are available;

    
    
    

    
7.
    
Changes
    in consumer preferences and discretionary spending;

    
    
    

    
8.
    
Increases
    in infrastructure costs; and

    
    
    

    
9.
    
Fluctuation
    in supply prices.


Because
of these factors
 results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or
for any year. Average consumers&rsquo; store revenue or comparable store revenue in any particular future period may decrease.
In the future
 our operating results may fall below the expectations of investors. In that event
 the value of our Common Stock
or other securities would likely decrease.

OUR
CONSUMERS AND SUPPLIERS COULD TAKE ACTIONS THAT HARM OUR REPUTATION AND REDUCE OUR PROFITS.

Consumers
and suppliers are separate entities and are not our employees. Further
 we do not exercise control over the day-to-day operations
of our consumers and suppliers. Any operational shortcomings of our consumers and suppliers are likely to be attributed to our
system-wide operations and could adversely affect our reputation and have a direct negative impact on our profits.


    
    


OUR
REVENUE IS SUBJECT TO VOLATILITY BASED ON WEATHER AND VARIES BY SEASON.

Seasonal
factors could also cause our revenue to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our revenue may be lower during the winter months and
the holiday season and during periods of inclement weather and higher during the spring
 summer and fall months. Our revenue will
likely also vary from quarter to quarter as a result of the number of trading days
 that is
 the number of days in a quarter when
stores are open.

WE
COULD FACE LIABILITY FROM OUR CONSUMERS
 SUPPLIERS OR GOVERNMENT.

A
consumer
 supplier or government agency may bring legal action against us based on the consumer/ supplier relationships. Various
state and federal laws govern our relationship with consumers and suppliers. If we fail to comply with these laws
 we could be
liable for damages to consumers or suppliers and fines or other penalties. Expensive litigation with our consumers/suppliers or
government agencies may adversely affect both our profits and our important relations with our consumer/suppliers.

WE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS.

Developing
our business may require significant capital in the future. To meet our capital needs
 we expect to rely on our cash flow from
operations and potentially
 third-party financing. Third-party financing may not
 however
 be available on terms favorable to
us
 or at all. Our ability to obtain additional funding will be subject to various factors
 including market conditions
 our operating
performance
 lender sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with other contractual restrictions
 such
as financial covenants under our credit facility. These factors may make the timing
 amount
 terms and conditions of additional
financings unattractive. Our inability to raise capital could impede our growth.

LITIGATION
COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT US BY DISTRACTING MANAGEMENT
 INCREASING OUR EXPENSES OR SUBJECTING US TO MATERIAL MONEY DAMAGES AND OTHER
REMEDIES.

Our
consumers could file complaints or lawsuits against us alleging that we are responsible for some illness or injury their consumers
suffered at or after a visit to their stores
 or that we have problems with food quality or operations. We are also subject to
a variety of other claims arising in the ordinary course of our business
 including personal injury claims
 contract claims and
claims alleging violations of federal and state law regarding workplace and employment matters
 discrimination and similar matters
and we could become subject to class action or other lawsuits related to these or different matters in the future. Regardless
of whether any claims against us are valid
 or whether we are ultimately held liable
 claims may be expensive to defend and may
divert time and money away from our operations and hurt our performance. A judgment significantly in excess of our insurance coverage
for any claims could materially and adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting
from these allegations may also materially and adversely affect our reputation or prospects
 which in turn could adversely affect
our results. The food and beverage services industry has been subject to a growing number of claims based on the nutritional content
of food products they sell and disclosure and advertising practices.

WE
MAY ALSO INCUR COSTS RESULTING FROM OTHER SECURITY RISKS WE MAY FACE IN CONNECTION WITH OUR ELECTRONIC PROCESSING AND TRANSMISSION
OF CONFIDENTIAL CONSUMER INFORMATION.

We
rely on commercially available software and other technologies to provide security for processing and transmission of consumer
credit card data. Our systems could be compromised in the future
 which could result in the misappropriation of consumer information
or the disruption of systems. Either of those consequences could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business
or subject it to additional liabilities.


    
    


WE
ARE EXPOSED TO INCREASED COSTS AND RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH COMPLIANCE WITH CHANGING LAWS
 REGULATIONS AND STANDARDS IN GENERAL
AND SPECIFICALLY WITH INCREASED AND NEW REGULATION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND DISCLOSURE STANDARDS.

We
expect to spend an increased amount of management time and external resources to comply with existing and changing laws
 regulations
and standards in general
 and specifically relating to corporate governance. In particular
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 requires management to annually review and evaluate all of our internal control systems
 and file attestations of
the effectiveness of these systems by our management and by our independent auditors. This process may require us to hire additional
personnel and use outside advisory services and result in additional accounting and legal expenses. If in the future our chief
executive officer
 chief financial officer or independent auditors determine that our controls over financial reporting are not
effective as defined under Section 404
 investor perceptions may be adversely affected and could cause a decline in the value
of our stock. If our independent auditors are unable to provide an unqualified attestation of management&rsquo;s assessment of
our internal control over financial reporting
 or disclaim an ability to issue an attestation
 it could result in a loss of investor
confidence in our financial reports
 adversely affect our stock value and our ability to access the capital markets or borrow
money. Failure to comply with other existing and changing laws
 regulations and standards could also adversely affect the Company.

THE
REPORT OF OUR INDEPENDENT AUDITORS INDICATES UNCERTAINTY CONCERNING OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN AND THIS MAY IMPAIR
OUR ABILITY TO RAISE CAPITAL TO FUND OUR BUSINESS PLAN.

Our
independent auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We cannot assure you that
this will not impair our ability to raise capital on attractive terms. Additionally
 we cannot assure you that we will ever achieve
significant revenues and therefore remain a going concern.

COMPETITORS
WITH MORE RESOURCES MAY FORCE US OUT OF BUSINESS.

We
will compete with many well-established companies
 food and beverage service
 C-stores and other approved channels and otherwise
on the basis of taste
 quality and price of product offered
 consumer service
 atmosphere
 location and overall guest experience.
Aggressive pricing by our competitors or the entrance of new competitors into our markets could reduce our revenue and profit
margins.

WE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ATTAIN PROFITABILITY WITHOUT ADDITIONAL FUNDING
 WHICH MAY BE UNAVAILABLE.

The
Company has limited capital resources. To date
 the Company has funded its operations from limited funding and has not generated
sufficient cash from operations to be profitable or to maintain sufficient inventory. Unless the Company begins to generate sufficient
revenues to finance operations as a going concern
 the Company may experience liquidity and solvency problems. Such liquidity
and solvency problems may force the Company to cease operations if additional financing is not available.

THE
COST TO MEET OUR REPORTING AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS AS A PUBLIC COMPANY SUBECT TO THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 WILL BE SUBSTANTIAL AND
MAY RESULT IN US HAVING INSUFFICIENT FUNDS TO EXPAND OUR BUSINESS OR EVEN MEET ROUTINE BUSINESS OBLIGATIONS.

Subject
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934
 we will incur ongoing expenses associated with professional fees for
accounting
 legal
 and a host of other expenses for annual reports and proxy statements.

WE
MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY IN ATTRACTING AND RETAINING MANAGEMENT AND OUTSIDE INDEPENDENT MEMBERS TO OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS AS A RESULT
OF THEIR CONCERNS RELATING TO THEIR INCREASED PERSONAL EXPOSURE TO LAWSUITS AND STOCKHOLDER CLAIMS BY VIRTUE OF HOLDING THESE
POSITIONS IN A PUBLICLY-HELD COMPANY.

The
directors and management of publicly-traded corporations are increasingly concerned with the extent of their personal exposure
to lawsuits and stockholder claims
 as well as governmental and creditor claims which may be made against them
 particularly in
view of recent changes in securities laws imposing additional duties
 obligations and liabilities on management and directors.
Due to these perceived risks
 directors and management are also becoming increasingly concerned with the availability of directors&rsquo;
and officers&rsquo; liability insurance to pay on a timely basis the costs incurred in defending such claims. We currently do
not carry directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance. Directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance has
recently become much more expensive and difficult to obtain. If we are unable to provide directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo;
liability insurance at affordable rates or at all
 it may become increasingly more difficult to attract and retain qualified outside
directors to serve on our board of directors.


    
    


We
may lose potential independent board members and management candidates to other companies that have greater directors&rsquo; and
officers&rsquo; liability insurance to insure them from liability or to companies that have revenues or have received greater
funding to date which can offer more lucrative compensation packages. The fees of directors are also rising in response to their
increased duties
 obligations and liabilities as well as increased exposure to such risks. As a company with a limited operating
history and limited resources
 we will have a more difficult time attracting and retaining management and outside independent
directors than a more established company due to these enhanced duties
 obligations and liabilities.

WE
MAY NOT ACHIEVE RESULTS SIMILAR TO THE FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS.

Projections
and estimated financial results are based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and
 though considered reasonable
by us
 are subject to significant business
 economic
 and competitive uncertainties and contingencies
 all of which are difficult
to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly
 there can be no assurance that the projected results will be
realized or that actual results will not be significantly lower than projected. Neither we nor any other person or entity assumes
any responsibility for the accuracy or validity of the projections.

Risks
Related to an Investment in our Common Stock

OUR
DIRECTORS HAVE THE RIGHT TO AUTHORIZE THE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES OF OUR PREFERRED STOCK.

Our
directors
 within the limitations and restrictions contained in our articles of incorporation and without further action by our
stockholders
 have the authority to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to fix the number
of shares and the relative rights
 conversion rights
 voting rights
 and terms of redemption
 liquidation preferences and any
other preferences
 special rights and qualifications of any such series. Any issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely
affect the rights of holders of our common stock.

IF
THERE IS A MARKET FOR OUR SECURITIES IN THE FUTURE
 OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE AND ILLIQUID.

We
can make no assurance that there will be a public market for our common Stock in the future. If there is a market for our Common
Stock in the future
 we anticipate that such market may be illiquid and might be subject to wide fluctuations in response to several
factors
 including
 but not limited to the following factors:



    
(1)
    
actual
    or anticipated variations in our results of operations;

    
    
    

    
(2)
    
our
    ability or inability to generate new revenue;

    
    
    

    
(3)
    
our
    ability to anticipate and effectively adapt to a developing market;

    
    
    

    
(4)
    
our
    ability to attract
 retain and motivate qualified personnel;

    
    
    

    
(5)
    
consumer
    satisfaction and loyalty;

    
    
    

    
(6)
    
increased
    competition; and

    
    
    

    
(7)
    
conditions
    and trends in the market for organic and natural products.



    
    


CONVERSION
OF OUR PROMISSORY NOTES OR SALES OF A SUBSTANTIAL NUMBER OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK INTO THE PUBLIC MARKET BY SELLING SHAREHOLDERS
MAY CAUSE A REDUCTION IN THE PRICE OF OUR STOCK AND PURCHASERS WHO ACQUIRE SHARES FROM THE SELLING SHAREHOLDERS MAY LOSE SOME
OR ALL OF THEIR INVESTMENTS.

If
a market for our shares develops
 sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could cause
a reduction in the price of our Common Stock. If selling Shareholders resell a substantial portion of the issued and outstanding
shares of our Common Stock it could have an adverse effect on the price of our Common Stock. As a result of any such decreases
in the price of our Common Stock
 purchasers who acquire shares from Selling Shareholders may lose some or all of their investment.

OUR
EXISTING SHAREHOLDERS WILL EXPERIENCE DILUTION.

We
will need to raise additional funds
 and these funds may not be available on favorable terms
 or at all. Furthermore
 if we issue
equity or debt securities to raise additional funds
 our existing shareholders will experience dilution
 and the new equity or
debt securities may have rights
 preference
 and privileges senior to those of our existing shareholders. If we cannot raise funds
on acceptable terms
 we may not be able to develop or enhance our products
 execute our business plan
 take advantage of future
opportunities
 or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated consumer requirements.

There
is no assurance that we will be profitable
 and we may not be able to successfully develop
 manage or market our products and
services. We may not be able to attract or retain qualified executives and technological personnel and our products and services
may become obsolete. Government regulation may hinder our business. Additional dilution in outstanding stock ownership will be
incurred due to the issuance of more shares
 stock options
 or the exercise of stock options
 and other risks inherent in our
business.

Currently
there is a public market for our securities
 but there can be no assurances that the public market will develop further and
 if
developed further
 it is likely to experience significant price fluctuations.

We
have a trading symbol for our common stock
 namely &lsquo;FPFI&rsquo;. 417
846 shares of our common stock were traded during the
year ended December 31
 2013. Trading volume increased to 7
155
532 for the year ending December 31
 2014. However
 there can
be no assurances as to whether:



    
    
the
    market for our shares will continue to develop; or

    
    
    

    
    
the
    prices at which our common stock will trade;


Prices
for our common stock will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors
 including the depth and liquidity
of the market for shares of our common stock
 developments affecting our business
 including the impact of the factors referred
to elsewhere in these risk factors
 investor perception of our Company and general economic and market conditions.

We
are subject to the penny stock rules which will make our securities more difficult to sell.

We
are subject to the SEC&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules because our securities sell below $5.00 per share. The penny stock
rules require broker-dealers to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC which provides information
about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer
with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson
 and monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. In addition
 the bid and
offer quotations
 and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing
prior to completing the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer&rsquo;s confirmation.

Furthermore
the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction
 the broker dealer must make a special written determination that the
penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written agreement to the transaction.
The penny stock rules are burdensome and may reduce purchases of any offerings and reduce the trading activity for our securities.
As long as our securities are subject to the penny stock rules
 the holders of such securities will find it more difficult to
sell their securities.


    
    


We
are not likely to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

We
currently intend to retain any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. Accordingly
 we do not
expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future
 but will review this policy as circumstances dictate.

SHARES
ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE BY OUR CURRENT STOCKHOLDERS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR STOCK PRICE.

The
sale of a significant number of shares of common stock at any particular time could be difficult to achieve at the market prices
prevailing immediately before such shares are offered. In addition
 sales of substantial amounts of common stock
 including shares
issued upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants
 under Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 144 or otherwise could
adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital at that time through
the sale of our securities.

THERE
IS A NEED FOR ANY GOVERNMENTAL APPROVAL OF OUR PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS.

Companies
have been the target of class action lawsuits and other proceedings alleging
 among other things
 violations of federal and state
workplace and employment laws. Proceedings of this nature
 if successful
 could result in our payment of substantial damages.

Our
results of operations may be adversely affected by legal or governmental proceedings brought by or on behalf of employees or consumers.
In recent years
 a number of companies
 including juice companies
 have been subject to lawsuits
 including class action lawsuits
alleging violations of federal and state law. A number of these lawsuits have resulted in the payment of substantial awards by
the defendants. Although we are not currently a party to any material class action lawsuits
 we could incur substantial damages
and expenses resulting from lawsuits
 which would increase the cost of operating the business and decrease the cash available
for other uses.

WE
ARE SUBJECT TO GOVERNMENT AND INDUSTRY REGULATION.

We
are subject to various federal
 state and local regulations. Our products are subject to state and local regulation by health
sanitation
 food and workplace safety and other agencies. We may experience material difficulties or failures in obtaining the
necessary licenses or approvals for new products which could delay planned execution of our business plan. We are subject to the
U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to individuals with disabilities
in the context of employment
 public accommodations and other areas. We may in the future have to modify office and warehouse
space
 for example by adding access ramps or redesigning certain architectural fixtures
 to provide service to or make reasonable
accommodations for disabled persons. The expenses associated with these modifications could be material. Our operations are also
subject to the U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act
 which governs such matters as minimum wages
 overtime and other working conditions
along with the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act
 family leave mandates and a variety of similar laws enacted by the states
that govern these and other employment law matters. In addition
 federal proposals to introduce a system of mandated health insurance
and flexible work time and other similar initiatives could
 if implemented
 adversely affect our operations. In recent years
there has been an increased legislative
 regulatory and consumer focus on nutrition and advertising practices in the food industry.
As a result
 we may in the future become subject to initiatives in the area of nutrition disclosure or advertising
 such as requirements
to provide information about the nutritional content of our products
 which could increase our expenses.

AS
A PUBLIC COMPANY
 WE ARE SUBJECT TO COMPLEX LEGAL AND ACCOUNTING REQUIREMENTS THAT WILL REQUIRE US TO INCUR SIGNIFICANT EXPENSES
AND WILL EXPOSE US TO RISK OF NON-COMPLIANCE.

As
a public company
 we are subject to numerous legal and accounting requirements that do not apply to private companies. The cost
of compliance with many of these requirements is material
 not only in absolute terms but
 more importantly
 in relation to the
overall scope of the operations of a small company. Our relative inexperience with these requirements may increase the cost of
compliance and may also increase the risk that we will fail to comply.

Failure
to comply with these requirements can have numerous adverse consequences including
 but not limited to
 our inability to file
required periodic reports on a timely basis
 loss of market confidence and/or governmental or private actions against us. We cannot
assure you that we will be able to comply with all of these requirements or that the cost of such compliance will not prove to
be a substantial competitive disadvantage vis-&agrave;-vis our privately held and larger public competitors.


    
    


WE
MAY BE SUBJECT TO SHAREHOLDER LITIGATION
 THEREBY DIVERTING OUR RESOURCES THAT MAY HAVE A MATERIAL EFFECT ON OUR PROFITABILITY
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

As
discussed in the preceding risk factors
 the market for our common shares is characterized by significant price volatility when
compared to seasoned issuers
 and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for
the indefinite future. In the past
 plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following
periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may become the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation
will result in substantial costs and liabilities and will divert management&rsquo;s attention and resources.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

Not
applicable

Item
2. Properties

Our
principal executive office is located at 1111 Alderman Drive
 Suite 210 Alpharetta
 GA 30005. The Company has a capital lease
agreement with Prep Atlanta for the production of Harvest Soul&rsquo;s Chewable Juice 3300 Marjan Drive
 Atlanta
 GA 30340.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings

We
together with certain other parties (collectively
 the &ldquo;Defendants&rdquo;)
 are currently involved in litigation against
Kyle Gotshalk
 Leonard Gotshalk
 Clinton Hall
 LLC
 Richard Maher and Patrick O&rsquo;Loughlin (collectively
 the &ldquo;Plaintiffs&rdquo;).
On April 25
 2013
 the Plaintiffs filed a complaint with the United States District Court for the District of Nevada alleging
claims including securities fraud and breach of contract. The Company believes these claims to be unfounded and the Company is
prepared to file an answer with the United States District Court for the District of Nevada
 together with counterclaims against
the Plaintiffs. The Company is continuing to vigorously defend itself against this lawsuit. On September 9
 2014
 the Court granted
the Defendants&rsquo; motion to set aside any entry of default judgment.

Except
as set forth above
 we are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on
our financial condition or results of operations. Except as set forth above
 there is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or
investigation before or by any court
 public board
 government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the
knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our
common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our Company&rsquo;s or our Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors
in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect.

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.




    
    


PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

(a)
Market Information

The
Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Markets under the under the symbol &ldquo;FPFI.&rdquo; The following table sets
forth the quarterly high and low sale prices for our common shares for the last two completed fiscal years and the subsequent
interim periods. The prices set forth below represent interdealer quotations
 without retail markup
 markdown or commission and
may not be reflective of actual transactions.



Fiscal
    Year 2013 Quarters Ended:
    
    


 2013
    
    


 2013
    
    


 2013
    
    


 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 2014
    
    


 2014
    
    


 2014
    
    


 2014
    
    


(b)
Holders 

As
of March 31
 2015
stockholders

the name of broker-dealers or other nominees.

(c)
Dividends

We
have never paid any cash dividends on our common shares
 and we do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends with respect
to those securities in the foreseeable future. Our current business plan is to retain any future earnings to finance the expansion
development of our business.

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans


The
Company has adopted the Stakool
 Inc. 2012 Incentive Stock Plan filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company&rsquo;s Form S-8 filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 17
 2012 (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which up to 1
000
000
000 shares
(subject to adjustment in accordance with the Plan) may be issued and
 as of March 31
 2015
 1
973
941
806 shares remain available
for issuance after reverse stock split.


Item
6. Selected Financial Data

Not
applicable.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations

Forward-Looking
Statements

We
make forward-looking statements in Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
and elsewhere in this report based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to
us. Forward-looking statements include information about our possible or assumed future results of operations which follow under
the headings &ldquo;Business and Overview
&rdquo; &ldquo;Liquidity and Capital Resources
&rdquo; and other statements throughout
this report preceded by
 followed by or that include the words &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo;
&ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;plans
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimates&rdquo; or similar expressions.


    
    


Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed in these forward-looking statements
 including the risks and uncertainties described below and other factors we describe
from time to time in our periodic filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). We therefore
caution you not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this report speak only as
of the date of this report
 and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement
 whether as a result
of new information
 future developments or otherwise.

Plan
of Operations

The
Company strives to become a leading supplier of natural and organic products by maintaining the highest standards for quality
consistency
 sustainability
 product assortments
 value-added support services and integrity in our business and personal relationships.
Through trust and our commitment to quality we will build a loyal consumer following throughout North America.

An
experienced core management team is in place and has reviewed
 studied and analyzed the natural and/or organic product market.
The Company plans to establish a procurement program and will work with outside professionals to build its business
 create brands
through eco-friendly packaging and distinctive labeling
 and develop key distribution relationships.

Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

This
Annual report on Form 10-K and other reports filed by Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. (&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo;
or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) contain
or may contain forward-looking statements (collectively the &ldquo;Filings&rdquo;) and information that are based upon beliefs
of
 and information currently available to
 the Company&rsquo;s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Company&rsquo;s
management. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which are only predictions
and speak only as of the date hereof. When used in the Filings
 the words &ldquo;anticipate&rdquo;
 &ldquo;believe&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimate&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect&rdquo;
 &ldquo;future&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intend&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plan&rdquo;
 or the negative of these terms and similar
expressions as they relate to the Company or the Company&rsquo;s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements
reflect the current view of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks
 uncertainties
 assumptions
 and
other factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect
actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated
 believed
 estimated
 expected
 intended
 or planned.

Although
the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 the Company cannot guarantee
future results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements. Except as required by applicable law
 including the securities
laws of the United States
 the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements
to actual results.

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).
These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates
 judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates
 judgments
and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates
 judgments
and assumptions are made. These estimates
 judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented.
Our financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results.
In many cases
 the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management&rsquo;s
judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management&rsquo;s judgment in selecting any available alternative
would not produce a materially different result. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements
and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.


    
    


Results
of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013



Total
revenues for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 were $1
030 and $64
 respectively. The increase in revenue was the result
of the release of the new Harvest Soul Chewable Juice line that debuted in December 2014. Cost of goods sold was $11
437 and ($2
515)
for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. Gross Margin was ($10
407) and ($2
451) for the years ended December
31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively.




Operating
expenses: Total net operating expenses for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 were $893
064 and $476
524. Operating expenses
consisted of professional fees of $288
860
 decreased from the prior year by $10
958. This decrease was due primarily to a reduction
in fees to the consulting company owned by the previous Company President &amp; CEO. Our payroll expense increased from $95
125
in 2013 to $418
000 in 2014. This was the result of adding experienced staff members to execute our business plan. Products were
manufactured
 sold
 and distributed by subsidiary Harvest Soul
 Inc. The Stock-based compensation declined from $29
570 in 2013
to $4
950 in 2014. Previous management had used stock to compensate certain service providers and consultants due to the shortage
of liquidity. Expense for investor and public relations decreased to $19
806 in 2014 from $20
070 in 2013 as the new management
team increased efforts to communicate our goals and programs to current and potential investors. Our travel expense increased
to $21
335 in 2014 from $11
965 in 2013 due to additional travel in conjunction with our program moving product from the production
facility to Universal Pasteurization for the HPP processing of Harvest Soul chewable juices. Expenses for licenses and permits
totaled $30 in 2014. Expenditures of $5
609 were made in 2013 in this expense category. Our cost for communication increased from
$3
000 in 2013 to $6
062 in 2014. Rent expense related to the opening of the Prep Facility
 increased expenses by $31
106 in 2014.
No expenses in rent were incurred in 2013. Other general and administrative expenses decreased by ($556).


The
Company issues convertible notes to finance operations. Some notes have embedded derivative features. The value of these instruments
fluctuate as the trading price of our common stock changes. During 2014 we experienced a non-cash gain of $706
883 from the decline
in the value of these derivative features. We also incurred a non-cash expense of $479
978 in conjunction with the issuance of
these notes.

In
2014 our expense also included a gain on the issuance of stock to a former financing source of $93
097. The Company had expensed
$109
600 in 2013. In 2014 the amortization of debt discount premiums was $461
460 an increase of $255
625 from 2013. Our interest
expenses increased by $488
785
 from $86
886 in 2013 to $575
671 in 2014. This increase was the result of the issuance of interest
bearing convertible promissory notes needed to finance the Company. A former note holder forgave an indebtedness of $22
000 and
accrued interest of $36
129 which we recognized as income.

Liquidity
&amp; Capital Resources

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern which contemplates
among other things
 the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.


    
    


The
Company sustained a loss of $1
147
555 for the year ended December 31
 2014 and $639
084 for the year ended December 31
 2013.
Because of the absence of positive cash flows from operations
 the Company requires additional funding for continuing the development
and marketing of products. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.
The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

We
are presently unable to meet our obligations as they come due. At December 31
 2014 we had minimal assets and a working capital
deficit of $1
680
346. Our working capital deficit is due to the increase in the convertible notes payable.

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was ($517
623) and ($190
753)
 respectively. Net
cash used in operating activities primarily includes our net loss
 accrued salaries
 the amortization of debt discounts and debt
premium expense
 derivative expense
 losses on stock issued under our previous financing agreement
 convertible notes issued for
services
 accrued interest
 a consulting agreement with former officer
 and stock-based compensation. Cash generated through operations
included a change in the value of derivative liabilities.

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was $590
136 and $223
750
 respectively. Net
cash provided by financing activities for the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively included the issuance of convertible
notes ($531
710 and $229
000) and proceeds from a short term loan ($15
000 and $0). In 2013 we also retired a convertible note
for a cash payment of $10
250 and $5
737 in 2014. In 2014 the Company entered into a capital lease agreement with proceeds of
$49
163 and $0 in 2013.

We
anticipate that our cash requirements will arise from the need to fund our growth from operations
 pay current obligations and
future capital expenditures. The primary sources of funding in the near term for such requirements are expected to be cash generated
from raising additional funds by the issuance of convertible notes. However
 we can provide no assurances that we will be able
to generate sufficient cash flow or obtain additional financing on terms satisfactory to us
 if at all
 to remain a going concern.
Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations on
a timely basis and ultimately to attain profitability. In addition
 our Plan of Operation for the next twelve months is to raise
capital to continue to expand our operations. We are presently engaged in capital raising activities through one or more private
offering of our company&rsquo;s securities. See &ldquo;Note 10&ndash; Going Concern&rdquo; in our financial statements for additional
information as to the possibility that we may not be able to continue as a &ldquo;going concern.&rdquo;

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to investors.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We
do not hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in any hedging activities.



    
    


Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

FRESH
PROMISE FOODS INC.

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER
31
 2014 AND DECEMBER 31
 2013



    
    



REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM




 Inc.


balance sheets of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 and the related consolidated statements of operations
changes in stockholders&rsquo; deficit
 and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31
 2014. These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on these consolidated financial statements based on our audits.


with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement.
The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting.
Our audit included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are
appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall consolidated financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Fresh Promise Foods
Inc. as of December 31
 2014 and 2013 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the two years in the
period ended December 31
 2014
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. The Company has incurred a net loss of $1
147
555 for
the year ended December 31
 2014 and the Company had an accumulated deficit of $8
756
066 and a working capital deficit of $1
680
346
at December 31
 2014. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.
Management&rsquo;s plans in regards to these matters are also described in Note 7. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.




    
/s/
    D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A.

    
Certified
    Public Accountants

    
    

Boca
    Raton
 Florida
    

April
    24
 2015
    





    
    


Fresh Promise Foods
Inc.
Consolidated Balance
Sheet



    
    


    

 2013

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

703

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

739

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 10 shares authorized
 and 2 and
    2 share outstanding

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


000
000 shares authorized
    308
180 and 308
180 shares outstanding

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


000
000
000 shares authorized
 7
155
532
    and 417
846 shares outstanding

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

135

    
    
    

705

    

    
    
    

756

    
    
    

608

    

    
    
    

620

    
    
    


    



    
    


    
    
    


    



to consolidated financial statements.


    
    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
Inc.
Consolidated Statement
of Operations




    
    
Year
    Ended

    
    
December
    31
 2014
    
December
    31
 2013

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

147

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    

147

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
2
042
252

    
    
    


    



to consolidated financial statements.


    
    
    
Fresh
Promise Foods
 Inc.
Consolidated
Statement of Shareholder's Deficit



    
    
Common
    Stock
    
    
    
    
Preferred
    Stock B
    
    
Preferred
    Stock C
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Additional
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Number
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
of
    Shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance
    shares at Dec. 31
 2012
    
    
225
015
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;341
180
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(22
500
    
    
    
6
329
254
    
    
    
(6
969
422
    
    
    
(662
455
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock issued
    for services
 shares
    
    
15
047
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
29
570
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
29
570
    

Adjust
    of prior period
shares
    
    
1
273
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Adjust for
    reverse stock split
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cancellation
    of stock issued to management
shares
    
    
(133
333
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Fractional
    shares issued in reverse stock split
 shares
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock issued
    for debt conversion
 shares
    
    
191
174
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
116
197
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
116
199
    

Stock issued
    under financing agreement
 shares
    
    
118
667
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
234
269
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
234
270
    

Discount on
    convertible note
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
13
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
13
000
    

Cancellation
    of service contracts
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;
    (33
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
22
500
    
    
    
(22
500
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred Stock
    sold for cash
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(639
084
    
    
    
(639
431
    

Balance
    at December 31
 2013
    
    
417
846
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;
    308
180
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
6
705
272
    
    
    
(7
608
511
    
    
    
(903
232
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock
    issued for debt conversion
    
    
6
504
621
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
347
469
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
347
534
    

Stock
    issued for services
    
    
70
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
949
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
950
    

Stock
    issued under financing agreement
    
    
163
065
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
77
550
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
77
551
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
147
555
    
    
    
(1
147
555
    

Balance
    at December 31
 2014
    
    
7
155
532
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;
    308
180
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
7
135
240
    
    
    
(8
756
066
    
    
    
(1
620
752
    




to consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Fresh Promise Foods
Inc.
Consolidated Statements
of Cash flows

2014



    
    
Year
    Ended

    
    
December
    31
 2014
    
December
    31
 2013

OPERATING
    ACTIVITIES
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss from operations
    
    
(1
147
555
    
    
    
(639
084
    

Adjustments
    to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Amortization
    of debt discount
    
    
461
460
    
    
    
255
625
    

(Gain)
    on Change in value of derivative liability
    
    
(706
883
    
    
    
(679
347
    

Derivative
    liability expense
    
    
479
978
    
    
    
395
296
    

Debt
    forgiveness
    
    
(22
000
    
    
    
(10
508
    

Other
    expense - other
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

(Gain)
    loss on note conversion
    
    
21
244
    
    
    
    
    

Decrease
    in rental deposit
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
700
    

(Gain)
    Loss on stock issuance
    
    
(93
097
    
    
    
109
600
    

Notes
    issued for professional services
    
    
    
    
    
    
169
500
    

Premium
    expense
    
    
21
769
    
    
    
48
912
    

Stock
    based compensation
    
    
4
950
    
    
    
29
570
    

    
    
    
8
844
    
    
    
    
    

Loss
    on Impairment
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Changes
    in working capital items
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Accrued
    salaries
    
    
354
965
    
    
    
64
000
    

Prepaid
    expenses and other current assets
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Amount
    due current and former officer
    
    
(3
000
    
    
    
56
600
    

Advances
    from related parties
    
    
8
600
    
    
    
    
    

(Increase)
    decrease in inventory
    
    
(20
935
    
    
    
    
    

Decrease
    in accounts payable
    
    
62
018
    
    
    
(22
598
    

Decrease
    in accrued interest
    
    
52
631
    
    
    
29
105
    

Cash
    flow from operating activities
    
    
(517
623
    
    
    
(190
753
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

INVESTING
    ACTIVITIES
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(99
403
    
    
    
    
    

Website
    development
    
    
(4
782
    
    
    
    
    

Cash
    flow used in investing activities
    
    
(104
185
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

FINANCING
    ACTIVITIES
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Proceeds
    from note payable
    
    
531
710
    
    
    
229
000
    

Proceeds
    from short term loan
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
    
    

Proceeds
    from Capital Lease
    
    
49
163
    
    
    
    

Proceeds
    from stock sale
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
000
    

Capital
    lease repayments
    
    
(5
737
    
    
    
(10
250
    

Cash
    flow from financing
    
    
590
136
    
    
    
223
750
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    change in cash
    
    
(31
672
    
    
    
32
997
    

Beginning
    cash
    
    
33
335
    
    
    
    
    

Ending
    Cash
    
    
1
663
    
    
    
33
335
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Non-Cash
    Investing and Financing Activities:
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Record
    derivative liability on notes
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Conversion
    of note to common stock
    
    
347
534
    
    
    
116
199
    

Issuance
    of promissory note for accrued expenses
    
    
    
    
    
    
169
500
    

Issuance
    of shares under stock payable
    
    
77
551
    
    
    
124
600
    



to consolidated financial statements.


    
    
    
FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ecember

 2014

NOTE
1 &ndash; NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Nature of
Business

Fresh
Promise Foods is a consumer products and marketing company focused on the high-margin multi-billion dollar health and wellness
food and beverage sectors. Under its wholly owned subsidiary
 Harvest Soul Inc.
 the Company is building a production facility
in Atlanta
 GA. and has launched two new flavors of Harvest Soul Chewable Juices in the organic all-natural juice category.

On
March 15
 2013 all officers and directors resigned from the Company and Mr. Joseph C. Canouse was appointed President
 Chief Executive
Officer
 and Director.

On
April 17
 2013 Mr. Kevin P. Quirk joined the Company and was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Canouse
 who continued
as a Director
 assumed the title of Chief Financial Officer.

Effective
August 5
 2013 the Company completed a 1 for 100 reverse stock split
 which reduced the number of issued and outstanding common
shares from 2
903
888
889 to approximately 29
039
066. Fractional shares produced as a result of this reverse stock split were
rounded up to the next whole share. The consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse
stock split.

On
September 26
 2013 the name of the Company was changed to Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. and the Company also reduced the number of
authorized shares of common stock from four billion (4
000
000
000) to four hundred seventy five million (475
000
000).

On
May 28
 2014
 the Company increased the number of authorized shares of common stock to nine hundred seventy five million shares
(975
000
000) from four hundred seventy five million (475
000
000).

On
June 2
 2014
 Joseph C. Canouse resigned as Chairman of the Board of Directors (the &ldquo;Board&rdquo;) of Fresh Promise Foods
Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 and as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Canouse informed the
Company that his decision to resign was not the result of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company&rsquo;s
operations
 policies or practices.

On
June 4
 2014
 the Board approved by unanimous written consent the appointment of Scott Martin as a member of the Board and Secretary
of the Company
 effective as of such date.

On
June 4
 2014
 the Board also approved by unanimous written consent the appointment of Mr. Kevin P. Quirk as Chairman of the Board.
Mr. Quirk currently serves as Chief Executive Officer &amp; Chief Financial Officer of the Company and a director and will retain
his current positions.

On
September 1
 2014
 the Company increased the number of authorized shares of common stock to two billion shares (2
000
000
000)
from nine hundred seventy five million shares (975
000
000).

In
January 1
 2015 the Company completed a 1 for 150 reverse stock split. All share and per share have been presented to give retroactive
effective for this reverse stock split.

ACCOUNTING
BASIS

The
Company uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;GAAP
accounting&rdquo;). The Company has adopted a December 31 fiscal year end.

PRINCIPLES
OF CONSOLIDATION

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Fresh Promise Foods Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary
Harvest Soul Inc. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated
upon consolidation.


    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ecember

 2014

CASH AND
CASH EQUIVALENTS

Fresh
Promise Foods Inc. considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.


quality financial institution. The Company&rsquo;s account at this institution is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(&ldquo;FDIC&rdquo;) up to $250
000. For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company has not reached bank balances
exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial institution
 the Company
evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits.

CASH
FLOWS REPORTING

The
Company follows ASC 230
 Statement of Cash Flows
 for cash flows reporting
 classifies cash receipts and payments according to
whether they stem from operating
 investing
 or financing activities and provides definitions of each category
 and uses the indirect
or reconciliation method (&ldquo;Indirect method&rdquo;) as defined by ASC 230
 Statement of Cash Flows
 to report net cash flow
from operating activities by adjusting net loss to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects
of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts
and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.

FAIR
VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The
Company&rsquo;s financial instruments are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates
that approximate prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.

USE
OF ESTIMATES

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.



Inventories
consist of bottles
 closures
 labels and boxes as well as certain raw materials that go into the production of the final product.
Inventory is stated at the lower of the cost or market. Cost is determined on the average cost method. Inventories are reviewed
and reconciled periodically.

ACCOUNTS
RECEIVABLE

The
Company&rsquo;s has no Accounts Receivables. The Company charges off receivables if they determine that the amount is no longer
collectible. The allowance for doubtful accounts was zero at December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013. Bad debt expense related
to customer receivables for the period ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was zero and zero respectively.

NET
INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE

Net
income (loss) per share is calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &ldquo;Earnings per Share.&rdquo; Basic net income (loss)
per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2014 and 2013.
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company&rsquo;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the
basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company
had convertible notes and warrants outstanding that could be converted into approximately 126
836
204 and 612
902
 common shares
based up the closing bid price of the company&rsquo;s common stock at December 31
 2014 and 2013 respectively.

REVENUE
RECOGNITION

The
Company derives revenue from the sale of its products. The Company follows paragraph ASC 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company
considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an
arrangement exists
 (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer
 (iii) the sales price
is fixed or determinable
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.


    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ecember

 2014

SHARE-BASED
EXPENSE

ASC
718
 Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions
in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their
fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for
the award
 known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC
505-50
 Equity &ndash; Based Payments to Non-Employees. Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is
based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments
issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance
completion date.

Share-based
expense for the 12 months ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 totaled $4
950 and $29
570
 respectively.

Website
Development Costs

The
Company accounts for website development costs in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 350-50 &ldquo;Website Development
Costs&rdquo;. Accordingly
 all costs incurred in the planning stage are expensed as incurred
 costs incurred in the website application
and infrastructure development stage that meet specific criteria are capitalized and costs incurred in the day to day operation
of the website are expensed as incurred.

The
Company placed into service its main website (www.freshpromisefoods.com) in 2013. All costs associated with these websites are
subject to straight-line amortization over there expected useful life
 a five year period.

RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

Except
for rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered
standards
 the FASB Accounting Standards Codification&trade; (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature
recognized by the FASB and applicable to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes
any effect will not have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s present or future financial statements.



The
Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &ldquo;Accounting for Income Taxes
&rdquo; which requires
among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between
the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities

A
valuation allowance is provided to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not
that the net deferred asset will not be realized.

The
Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns
are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while
others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately
sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements
in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position
will be sustained upon examination
 including the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are
not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured
as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable
taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described
above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated
interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions
will be highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.

The
Company has adopted ASC 740-10-25 Definition of Settlement
 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether
a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a
tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.
For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position
is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations
remains open. Management has not filed tax returns for the year ended December 31
 2014. Tax years 2013
 2012 and 2011 remain
open for examination.

NOTE
2 &ndash; PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property
and equipment is recorded at cost. The Company depreciates the equipment using the straight-line method over the useful lives
of the equipment. The useful lives are estimated to be between 3 and 7 years. Depreciation expense amount for 12 months ended
was $8
844 and $200 for the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. Property and equipment consisted of the following
at December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013:




    
    
    

Furniture
    and fixtures
3
389
1
841

Production
    equipment
97
342
    

Total
    property and equipment
100
731
1
841

Less:
    Accumulated depreciation
(10
172
(1
013

Property
    and equipment
 net.
90
559
    


    expense
    
    


 net
90
559
    


NOTE
3 &ndash; RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

At
the time of his appointment Mr. Canouse received the 1 share of convertible Preferred B stock previously issued to a director.
Also
 during the three months ended June 30
 2013
 the Company issued 1 additional shares of convertible preferred B stock to
Mr. Quirk when he joined the Company. The stock has no par value and is not traded publicly.

On
January 28
 2014
 the Company converted $11
000 of a $22
000 convertible note to 24
445 common shares from a related party. The
note had been purchased from a former officer of the Company based on the contractual conversions terms per agreement.


    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ecember

 2014

NOTE
4 &ndash; STOCK PAYABLE

On
April 26
 2012
 The Company entered into an agreement with Iron ridge Global to settle $284
917 in liabilities. Pursuant to an
order approving stipulation for settlement of claims between Ironridge and the Company
 Ironridge is entitled to receive 1 million
common shares plus that number of shares with an aggregate value equal to $332
748
 divided by 70% of the following: the volume
weighted average price of the issuer&rsquo;s common stock over that number of consecutive trading days following the date of receipt
required for the aggregate trading volume to exceed $1.75 million
 not to exceed the arithmetic average of the individual daily
volume weighted average prices of any five trading days during such period.

Ironridge
is prohibited from receiving any shares of common stock that would cause it to be deemed to beneficially own more than 9.99% of
the Company&rsquo;s total outstanding shares at any one time. Ironridge received an initial issuance of 97
150 shares
 and may
be required to return or be entitled to receive shares
 based on the calculation summarized in the prior paragraph. For purposes
of calculating the percent of class
 the initial issuance to Ironridge was based upon a total of 875
491 shares of common stock
outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of shares to Ironridge
 such that 97
150 shares issued would represent approximately
9.99% of the outstanding common stock after such issuance.

For
fiscal the year ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 Ironridge received 163
065 and 49
333 shares respectively
 which were recorded
at $170
648 and $21
000 respectively. For the same periods the Company recorded a gain of $93
097 on the shares issued in the
fiscal the year ended December 31
 2014 and a loss of $109
600 on the shares issued in the fiscal the year ended December 31
2013. At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the balance of shares due Ironridge Global was -0- and 231
856 respectively
 which was recorded
at values of $0 and $243
448
 respectively. Carrying value of amounts due under this agreement are computed by multiplying the
percentage of total shares due issued to Ironridge times the initial value of the obligation recorded in 2012. In connection with
the transaction
 Ironridge agreed not to hold any short position in the issuer&rsquo;s common stock
 and not to engage in or affect
directly or indirectly
 any short sale until at least 180 days after the end of the calculation period.

NOTE
5 &ndash; NOTES AND CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE

Convertible
notes payable consist of the following at December 31
 2014 and 2013. All common share data in this table has been adjusted for
the reverse stock split.

All
common share data in this table have been adjusted for the reverse stock split. 




    
December
    31
 2014
December
    31
 2013

On
    January 16
 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for $50
000. The note bears interest at 10 % and is secured by common
    stock of the Company. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $0.05 per share. In 2012
 $30
000 of the
    note was converted to 17
595 shares of common stock of the Company. In 2013 the note maturity date was extended to September
    30
 2014. Due to the features in this note
 the Company could not determine if sufficient shares in the Company stock would
    be available to fulfill all conversion obligations .Accordingly a derivative liability was recorded for this note using the
    Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility
    of 882%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.
20
000
20
000

    
    
    

On
    March 5
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $45
000. In 2014 the note was modified into three notes of $15
000
    each. The notes bear interest at 8 % are unsecured. The notes matured March 5
 2014 but were extended to June 30
 2014. One
    of the notes was sold to a third party and amended. Due to the amended features the Company has recorded a derivative liability
    for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest
    rate of .025
 volatility of 765%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. The remaining two $15
000 notes are also convertible
    into common stock at the market price but no derivative liability was recorded. In February 2014
 the third party converted
    $5
000 of note into 16
955 shares of common stock of the Company.
10
015
45
000

    
    
    

On
    March 5
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $45
000. In 2014 the note was modified into three notes of $15
000
    each. The notes bear interest at 8 % are unsecured. The notes matured March 5
 2014 but were extended to June 30
 2014. One
    of the notes was sold to a third party and amended. Due to the amended features the Company has recorded a derivative liability
    for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest
    rate of .025
 volatility of 765%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. The remaining two $15
000 notes are also convertible
    into common stock at the market price but no derivative liability was recorded.
15
000
    

    
    
    

On
    March 13
 2013 the Company executed three promissory notes for services provided totaling $109
500. The notes are payable
    upon demand and bear interest at 12 % and can be converted into common stock of the company at the average five day closing
    bid price multiplied by three. Note Amount Converted / (Average price x 3). On June 11
 2014 these notes were sold to Carebourn
    Capital. The new note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the company. The note can be converted into
    common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price
    during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 or $0.0135 whichever is greater. Should this occur the conversion prices is reduced
    to the lower price. The company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value
    the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025
 volitility of 65% and an assumed
    dividend of 0%.
    
109
500



    
    






 2013 the Company executed
    a promissory note for $15
000 as payment to a service provider. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at
    a discount of 35% off the average one day bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to the discount feature we have recorded
    a liability of $8
077
 or put premium
 as part of the carrying value of this note. The note is convertible at any time prior
    to maturity and bears interest at 6% per annum.
15
000
15
000

    
    
    


 2013 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $2
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures April 29
 2014.
    The note is convertible at the lower of a discount of 35% off the prior day&rsquo;s closing bid price or $0.01. The note also
    provided for purchase of 133
334 shares by execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date
    of the note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level.
    Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value
    the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 599%
 and an assumed
    dividend rate of 0%.
2
500
2
500

    
    
    


 2013 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $53
000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
    into common stock 180 days after issuance at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average
    of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at
    a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company
    has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the
    following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 368%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. Throughout
    2014
 the noteholder fully converted the note into 408
660 common shares.
    
53
000

    
    
    


 2014 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $20
000 as payment to a service provider. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount
    of 35% off the average one day bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to the discount feature we have recorded a liability
    of $10
769
 or put premium
 as part of the carrying value of this note. The note is convertible at any time prior to maturity
    and bears interest at 6% per annum.
20
000
    

    
    
    


 a note with a face value of $35
000
    was sold to a third party. The accrued interest on the note of $4
710 was added to the principal amount purchased. The note
    was amended and the Company has recorded a derivative liability based upon the amended features. The Company used the Black
    Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025%
 volatility
    of 304%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. Throughout 2014
 the noteholder fully converted the note into 762
604 common
    shares.
    
    

    
    
    


 a note notes with a face value
    of $22
000 was sold to a third party. In February 2014
 the third party converted $11
000 of note into 24
445 shares of common
    stock of the Company.
11
000
    

    
    
    


 2014 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $6
000. The note bears interest at 9.875 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
    into common stock at a discount of 30% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average 3 day lowest closing
    sales price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 but no less that $0.0001. The Company has recorded a derivative liability
    for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest
    rate of .025
 volatility of 321%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.
6
000
    

    
    
    


 2014 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $25
000. The note bears interest at 12 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
    into common stock at a discount of 40% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading
    price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion
    price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability
    for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest
    rate of .025
 volatility of 296%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. In November 2014
 the third party converted $7
135 of
    note into 366
598 shares of common stock of the Company.
17
865
    

    
    
    


 2014 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $53
000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
    into common stock 180 days after issuance at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average
    of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at
    a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company
    has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the
    following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 308%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. Throughout
    2014
 the noteholder fully converted the note into 1
778
554 common shares.
    
    



    
    





 2014 the company executed
    a promissory note for $30
000. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the company. The note can be
    converted into common stock at a discount of 42% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3
    day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion. The company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note
    using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of
    .025
 volitility of 276% and an assumed dividend of 0%.
30
000
    

    
    
    


 2014 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $86
500. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
    into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading
    price during a 10 day period prior to conversion. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a
    10 day period prior to conversion
 or $0.0135 whichever is greater. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for
    this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest
    rate of .025
 volitility of 276% and an assumed dividend of 0%.
86
500
    

    
    
    


 2014 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $86
291 for the note plus interest on the note executed March 13
 2013. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured
    by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price.
    The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 or $0.0135 whichever
    is greater. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive
    liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025
 volitility of 276% and an assumed dividend of 0%.
    In June 2014
 the third party converted $13
319 of note into 56
000 shares of common stock of the Company. In July 2014
 the
    third party converted $4
510 of note into 40
000 shares of common stock of the Company. In August 2014
 the third party converted
    $5
077 of note into 93
334 shares of common stock of the Company. In September 2014
 the third party converted $12
311 of
    note into 420
000 shares of common stock of the Company. In October 2014
 the third party converted $14
111 of note into 655
334
    shares of common stock of the Company. In November 2014
 the third party converted $13
816 of note into 753
334 shares of
    common stock of the Company. In December 2014
 the third party converted $4
670 of note into 626
667 shares of common stock
    of the Company.
5
542
    

    
    
    


 2014 the company executed a promissory
    note for $88
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the company. The note can be converted into
    common stock at the bid price on day prior to conversion.
88
500
    

    
    
    


 2014 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $50
000. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into
    common stock at a discount of 35% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days
    prior to the date of conversion. Or the closing price of the issuer on the date of this note of $.001
 whichever is lower.
50
000
    

    
    
    


 2014 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $42
500. The note bears interest at 22% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
    into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading
    price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a lower price than the conversion
    price. Should this occur the conversion prices is reduced to the lower price. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability
    for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest
    rate of .025
 volitility of 292% and an assumed dividend of 0%.
42
500
    

    
    
    


 2014 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $42
500. The note bears interest at 22% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
    into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading
    price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a lower price than the conversion
    price. Should this occur the conversion prices is reduced to the lower price. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability
    for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest
    rate of .025
 volitility of 270% and an assumed dividend of 0%.
42
500
    

    
    
    


 2014 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
    into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading
    price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 or the stock can be converted at $0.0135
 whichever is greater.
52
500
    

    
    
    


 2014 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted
    into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading
    price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 or the stock can be converted at $0.0135
 whichever is greater.
52
500
    

    
    
    


 2014 the Company executed a promissory
    note for $40
000. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into
    common stock at a discount of 35% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days
    prior to the date of conversion. Or the closing price of the issuer on the date of this note of $.001.
40
000
    

    
    
    

    
29
846
8
077

    
    
    

    
(248
811
(54
962

    
    
    


 net of unamortized
    discounts
388
957
228
615



NOTE
6 &ndash; STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY (DEFICIT)

The
authorized common stock of the Company consist of 2
000
000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. The Company also has 100
000
000
shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred C stock authorized and 10 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred B stock authorized and
30
000
000 par value $0.00001 par value Preferred C stock authorized. The Company adjusted the par value and additional paid in
capital accounts on its balance sheet at March 30
 2013 for common and Preferred A stocks.



    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ecember

 2014

Series
A Preferred stock has been cancelled.

Series
B Preferred

Each
one share of Series B Preferred has voting rights equal to four times the sum of all shares of common stock issued and outstanding
at time of voting
 plus all shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at time of voting
 divided by the number
of shares of Series B Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting.

By
unanimous written consent of the Board
 the Board issued an aggregate of two (2) shares of Series B Preferred
 to two individuals
(the &rdquo;Series B Stockholders&rdquo;). As a result of the voting rights granted to the Series B Preferred
 the Series B Stockholders
together hold in the aggregate approximately 80% of the total voting power of all issued and outstanding voting capital of the
Company.

Series
C Preferred

Series
C Preferred Stock has voting rights of one vote per share owned. The Preferred C stock is convertible into common stock of the
Company at the rate of 0.10 per common share for each share of Preferred C stock. The holders of Series C Preferred stock are
entitled to receive any dividend declared by the Board of Directors.

Upon
any liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the Corporation
 whether voluntary or involuntary
 before any distribution or payment.
shall be made to the holders of any stock ranking junior to the Series B Preferred Stock
 the holders of the Series B Preferred
Stock shall be entitled to be paid out of the assets of the Corporation an amount equal to $1.00 per share or
 in the event of
an aggregate subscription by a single subscriber for Series B Preferred Stock in excess of $100
000
 $0.997 per share (as adjusted
for any stock dividends
 combinations
 splits
 recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares) (the &quot;Preference
Value&quot;)
 plus all declared but unpaid dividends
 for each share of Series B Preferred Stock held by them. After the payment
of the full applicable Preference Value of each share of the Series B Preferred Stock as set forth herein
 the remaining assets
of the Corporation legally available for distribution
 if any
 shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Corporation's
Common Stock.

Common
Stock

The
Company also issued 3
333 (500
000 pre-split shares) shares of common stock to a service provider which was recorded at fair market
value of $2
950. The Company issued an additional 66
667 shares in November 2014 to a service provider and recorded it at fair
market value of $2
000. Effective January 2015
 the Company completed a 1 for 150 reverse stock split. All of the shares and per
share amounts have been adjusted to reflect the split.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the Company issued 163
065 (24
459
750 pre-split shares) shares of common stock in conjunction
with the settlement agreement with Ironridge Global
 previous discussed. The stock was recorded at $77
551 but had a fair market
value of $170
648. The Company recorded a gain on this issuance of $93
097. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 20
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $199. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 36
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $317. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 40
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $316. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 33
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $475. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ecember

 2014


During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 60
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $211. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 80
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $182. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 100
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $153. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 113
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $143. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 126
667 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $67. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 145
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $138. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 153
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $47. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 156
667 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $65. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 200
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $80. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 233
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $55. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 226
667 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $78. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 293
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $30. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 293
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $40. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 333
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $86
292 plus accrued interest of $8. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 40
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $4
488 plus accrued interest of $25. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 40
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $4
448 plus accrued interest of $47. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ecember

 2014


During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 120
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $3
960 plus accrued interest of $107. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 33
667 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $15
500 plus accrued interest of $116. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 20
067 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $15
500 plus accrued interest of $11. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 53
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $2
033. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 66
667 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $72. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 67
054 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $77. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 60
476 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $28. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 109
180 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $18. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 51
950 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $4. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 143
243 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $2
277. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 143
243 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $89. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 143
077 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $89. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 143
137 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $111. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 143
077 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $43. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 143
030 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $49. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 143
111 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $30. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ecember

 2014

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 143
137 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $21. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 143
194 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $14. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 143
182 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $12. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 143
182 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $14. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 203
939 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $53
000 plus accrued interest of $3. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 16
955 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $15
000 plus accrued interest of $247. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 24
444 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $22
000 plus accrued interest of $72. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 136
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $25
000 plus accrued interest of $1
932. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 230
265 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $25
000 plus accrued interest of $126. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 24
660 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $39
709 plus accrued interest of $505. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 28
533 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $39
709 plus accrued interest of $192. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 35
253 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $39
709 plus accrued interest of $261. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 37
100 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $39
709 plus accrued interest of $118. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.



    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ecember

 2014


During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 39
053 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $39
709 plus accrued interest of $49. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 75
313 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $39
709 plus accrued interest of $43. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 81
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $39
709 plus accrued interest of $60. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 113
193 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $39
709 plus accrued interest of $24. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 119
133 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $39
709 plus accrued interest of $6. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 125
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $39
709 plus accrued interest of $10. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 84
031 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $39
709 plus accrued interest of $3. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 17
760 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $15
000 plus accrued interest of $74. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 18
693 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $15
000 plus accrued interest of $75. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 11
952 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note
with a face value of $15
000 plus accrued interest of $28. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

During
the year ended December 31
 2014
 the company issued 200
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory
note with a face value of $15
000 plus accrued interest of $10. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.

All
the above conversions were generally done based on the contractual terms within the agreements.

During
the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company issued 324
892 shares of common stock and cancelled 133
333 shares of common stock.

During
the year ended December 31
 2013
 the Company issued 15
046 shares of common stock to service providers
 191
174 shares of common
stock in conjunction with the conversion of promissory notes
 118
667 shares of common stock in to IronRidge Global under an agreement
previous described in this filing
 and 4 shares of common stock in conjunction with the rounding of shares produced by the reverse
stock split previously described in this filing.

The
Company also recorded the cancellation of previous reported treasury stock with a book value of $208.



    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ecember

 2014


Common
Stock Warrants

The
Company did not issue any warrants during the year ended December 31
 2014.

On
September 26
 2013 the Company issued a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase
of 26
667 shares of common stock of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on September 26
 2015. The fair value
of the warrant was estimated
 at the date of the grant at $140
000 using the Black-Sholes option &ndash;pricing model with the
following assumptions: risk free interest rate of 0.01 %
 volatility factor of 720%
 and an expected life of two years.

On
October 21
 2013 the Company issued a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase
of 2
667 shares of common stock of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on October 21
 2015. The fair value of
the warrant was estimated
 at the date of the grant at $5
600 using the Black-Sholes option &ndash;pricing model with the following
assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 0.01 %
 volatility factor of 598%
 and an expected life of two years.

On
October 29
 2013 the Company issued a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase
of 889 shares of common stock of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on October 29
 2015. The fair value of the
warrant was estimated
 at the date of the grant at $3
099 using the Black-Sholes option &ndash;pricing model with the following
assumptions: risk-free interest rate of 0.011 %
 volatility factor of 599%
 and an expected life of two years.

The following
table sets forth common share purchase warrants outstanding as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:



    
Exercise
    Price

Outstanding warrants
    December 31
 2012
    
    

Warrant
    granted September 26
 2013
4
000
000
    

Warrant granted
    October 21
 2013
400
000
    

Warrant granted
    October 29
 2013
133
334
    

Outstanding warrants
    December 31
 2014
4
533
334
    

    
    
    

Common
    stock issuable upon exercise of warrants
4
533
334
    



Outstanding
warrants at December 31
 2014 have a weighted average remaining contractual life of 10 months. All warrants have an average weighted
exercise price of $0.02. The warrants had an intrinsic value of $0 at December 31
 2014 and 2013.


NOTE
7 &ndash; GOING CONCERN

The
Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal
course of business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating cost and
allow it to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company
obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital
it could be forced to cease operations.

The
Company has incurred a net loss of $1
147
555 for the year ended December 31
 2014 and the Company had an accumulated deficit
of $8
756
066 and a working capital deficit of $1
680
346 at December 31
 2014. These conditions raise substantial doubt about
the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.


    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ecember

 2014

In
order to continue as a going concern
 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&rsquo;s
plan to obtain such resources for the Company include
 obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient
to meet its minimal operating expenses. However
 management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in
accomplishing any of its plans.

There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds
 if available
will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. In addition
 profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues
received from business operations. However
 there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue
as a going concern.

NOTE
8 &ndash; INCOME TAXES

As
of December 31
 2014
 the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately ($8
600
000) that may be available to
reduce our tax liability through tax year 2034. We estimate the benefits of this loss carry forward at $3
354
000 if the Company
produces sufficient taxable income. No adjustments to the financial statements have been recorded for this potential tax benefit.&nbsp;The
Company has no provisions from income tax in 2014
 due to current period losses and full valuation allowance on deferred tax assets.

A
reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 35% to the Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate is as follows:



    
    
    

Expected
    expense (benefit) (35%)
(386
865
(217
289

State
    income taxes net of federal benefit
(45
514
    

Permanent
    differences
61
199
41
466

Effect
    of increased- State tax rate on valuation allowance
(433
581
    

    
    
    

Change
    in valuation allowance
804
761
175
823

Accrued
    expense (benefit)
    
    


The
cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of 35% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as
of December 31
 2014 and 2011:



    
    
    

Deferred
    tax asset attributable to:
    
    

Net
    operating loss carryover
3
354
000
2
549
239

Less:
    valuation allowance
(3
354
000
(2
549
239

Net
    deferred tax asset
    
    


The
Company&rsquo;s valuation allowance increased by $804
761 in 2014. Tax net operating loss carryforwards may be limited pursuant
to the IRS Section 382 in the event of certain ownership changes. 


    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ecember

 2014

NOTE
9 &ndash; FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The
Company has adopted the guidance under ASC Topic 820 for financial instruments measured on a fair value on a recurring basis.
ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest
priority to unobservable data and requires disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level
in the hierarchy. Further authoritative accounting guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820
 provides clarification that
in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active market for the identical liabilities is not available
 a reporting entity
is required to measure fair value using one or more of the techniques provided for in this update.

The
standard describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of input
 of which the first two are considered observable and
the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value
 which are the following:

Level
1 &ndash; Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level
2 &ndash; Input other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets
of liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
market data for substantially the full term of the asset or liabilities.

Level
3 &ndash; Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of
the assets or liabilities.

Our
assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment
 and considers
factors specific to the asset or liability.

The
Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &ldquo;Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity&rdquo; and ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging&rdquo;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value
at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to
fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving
at the over- all fair value of the financial instruments. In addition
 the fair value of free standing derivative instruments
such as warrant and option derivatives are valued using the Black-Scholes modes.

The
Company uses Level 3 inputs for its valuation methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value were
determined by using the Black Scholes option-pricing model based on various assumptions. The Company&rsquo;s derivative liabilities
are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results
of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives.




    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using

    
    
Quoted
    prices in
Significant
    
    
    

    
    
Active
    Markets for
    
    

    
    
Identical
    Assets
    
    

    
&nbsp;12/31/2014
    &nbsp;
(Level
    l)
(Level
    2)
&nbsp;(Level
    3)

Convertible
    promissory notes with embedded conversion option
584
856
    
    
584
856
                                         &nbsp;

    
584
856
    
    
584
856
                                         &nbsp;



The
following table sets forth a summary of change in fair value of our derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31
 2013:




    
156
549


    of convertible promissory notes and warrants included in earnings
(621
433

Embedded
    conversion option 
1
135
190


    conversion features of convertible promissory notes due to conversion
(85
450

    
584
856




    
    


FRESH
PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
ecember

 2014

NOTE
10 &ndash; CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS

The
Company has entered into several capital lease obligations to purchase equipment used for operations. The Company will own the
equipment at the end of the leasing term. The underlying assets and related depreciation were included in the appropriate fixed
asset category
 and related depreciation account.

Property
and equipment includes the following amounts for leases that have been capitalized as of December 31
 2014:



    
    

    31
 2014

    31
 2013

    
    
    
    

    
    
49
163
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
48
344
    


Future
minimum payments required under capital leases at December 31
 2014 are as follows:



    
15
705

    
15
705

    
15
705

    
15
705

    
3
926

Total
    future payments
66
746

    
    

Less
    amount representing interest
23
320

    
    

Present
    value of future minimum payments
43
426

Less
    current portion
7
678

    
    

Long-term
    portion
35
748


Note
11 &ndash; Commitments and Contingencies


 together with certain other parties
(collectively
 the &ldquo;Defendants&rdquo;)
 are currently involved in litigation against Kyle Gotshalk
 Leonard Gotshalk
 Clinton
Hall
 LLC
 Richard Maher and Patrick O&rsquo;Loughlin (collectively
 the &ldquo;Plaintiffs&rdquo;). On April 25
 2013
 the Plaintiffs
filed a complaint with the United States District Court for the District of Nevada alleging claims including securities fraud
and breach of contract. The Company believes these claims to be unfounded and the Company is prepared to file an answer with the
United States District Court for the District of Nevada
 together with counterclaims against the Plaintiffs. The Company is continuing
to vigorously defend itself against this lawsuit. On September 9
 2014
 the Court granted the Defendants&rsquo; motion to set
aside any entry of default judgment.

NOTE
12 &ndash; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

On
January 20
 2015 the Company signed a National distribution agreement with United Natural Foods
 Inc. to distribute Harvest Soul
Chewable Juices.

On
February 1
 2015 the Company entered into a 90 day exclusive agreement with Whole Foods Market to sell Harvest Soul Chewable Juices
in their Southern Region.

On
March 17
 2015 the Company signed a convertible note with Carebourn Capital
 LP for $28
000 in proceeds. This note carries an
annual percentage rate of 12% and with a maturity date of March 17
 2016.


The
company had conversions of notes payable into
 25
640
538 shares of common stock. The total principal converted was $121
048.
The conversions were done at the contractual terms per the agreements.


    
    


Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants and Financial Disclosure

On
July 17
 2013
 the Company dismissed Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC as its independent registered public accounting firm and engaged
D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. as our independent registered public accounting firm. Silberstein Ungar PLLC audited our financial
statements for the periods ended December 31
 2011 and December 31
 2012 and review the financials prepared by the previous public
accounting firm for the period ended December 31
 2010. The dismissal of Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC was approved by our Board of
Directors on July 17
 2013. Silberstein Ungar PLLC did not resign or decline to stand for re-election.

Neither
the report of Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC dated April 14
 2013 on our balance sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011 and the related
statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
nor the report of Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC dated April 17
 2012 on our balance sheets as of December 31
 2011 and 2010 and the
related statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years ended December 31
 2011 and
2010 contained an adverse opinion or a disclaimer of opinion
 nor was either such report qualified or modified as to uncertainty
audit scope
 or accounting principles
 except that both such reports raised substantial doubts on our ability to continue as a
going concern.

During
our two most recent fiscal years and the subsequent interim period preceding our decision to dismiss Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC we
had no disagreements with the firm on any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement disclosure
 or auditing
scope of procedure which disagreement if not resolved to the satisfaction of Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC would have caused it to make
reference to the subject matter of the disagreement in connection with its report.

During
our two most recent fiscal years and the subsequent interim period prior to retaining D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. (1) neither
we nor anyone on our behalf consulted D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. regarding (a) either the application of accounting principles
to a specified transaction
 either completed or proposed
 or the type of audit opinion that might be rendered on our financial
statements or (b) any matter that was the subject of a disagreement or a reportable event as set forth in Item 304(a)(1)(iv) and
(v)
 respectively
 of Regulation S-K
 and (2) D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 P.A. did not provide us with a written report or oral
advice that they concluded was an important factor considered by us in reaching a decision as to accounting
 auditing or financial
reporting issue.

We
provided Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC with a copy of this Current Report on Form 8-K prior to its filing with the Securities and Exchange
Commission
 and requested that the firm furnish us with a letter addressed to the Securities and Exchange Commission stating whether
they agree with the statements made in this Current Report on Form 8-K
 and if not
 stating the aspects with which they do not
agree. A copy of the letter provided by Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC is filed as Exhibit 16.1 to this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures

(a)
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Our
management
 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the
&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;))
 in connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 as of December 31
 2014.

Based
on the review described above
 our Chief Executive Officer determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of the end of the period covered by this report.

(b)
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

There
were no significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred subsequent to our evaluation of our
internal control over financial reporting for the period ended December 31
 2014 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

Our
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting under the supervision
of the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Management
evaluated the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2014
 based on the framework
and criteria established in Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO)
 and has concluded that such internal control over financial reporting were not effective.

An
evaluation was performed
 under the supervision of
 and with the participation of
 our management
 including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-(e) to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation
our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were not adequate and effective
 as of December 31
 2014
 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us
in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported
within the time periods specified in the Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure.


We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors
and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives
of the system are met and cannot detect all deviations. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation
of control can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or deviations
 if any
 within the Company
have been detected.

This
report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this report.

Item
9B. Other Information





    
    


PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Our
bylaws provide that our board of directors shall consist of at least one member and will be determined by resolution of our board
of directors. The number of members of our board of directors is currently two.

The
following table lists our directors and provides their respective ages and titles as of December 31
 2014.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
Chairman of the
    Board of Directors
 CEO

    
    
    
    
Director
 Secretary


(1)
Effective June 2
 2014
 Joseph C. Canouse resigned as Chairman of the Board of Directors and as CFO of the Company. On June 4
2014
 the Board approved by unanimous written consent the appointment of Mr. Kevin P. Quirk as Chairman of the Board.

(2)
On June 4
 2014
 the Board approved by unanimous written consent the appointment of Scott Martin as a member of the Board and
Secretary of the Company.

Executive
Summaries

Kevin
P. Quirk
 age 46
 President
 Chief Executive Officer
 Director
 age 46
 an accomplished executive with more than
two decades of consumer products operating experience spanning general management and senior marketing roles in Fortune 500 corporations
and start-up ventures
 is now responsible for determining the Company&rsquo;s strategic direction and managing performance against
overall business objectives in keeping with the Company&rsquo;s mission. Most recently
 Mr. Quirk was raising capital for innovative
start-up companies in the consumer products space. Prior to that
 Mr. Quirk founded White Hat Brands
 LLC
 a functional beverage
manufacturer focused on children&rsquo;s health and wellness issues
 which he later sold after raising multiple rounds of financing
and stewarding the business to a successful exit. Prior to that Mr. Quirk held a variety of senior-level marketing positions for
the Coca-Cola Company
 where he initially hired into the Coca-Cola Accelerated Program
 the company&rsquo;s coveted management
training program
 and later served as Director of Marketing for Minute Maid brands. In addition
 Mr. Quirk spent nearly a decade
at Anheuser-Busch
 where he worked in brand management
 field sales and marketing
 wholesaler development
 and strategic planning
most notably as Market Development Manager of the Wisconsin territory and as founder of such company&rsquo;s business development
group
 providing internal management consulting to a network of over 800 distributors. Mr. Quirk holds a BS in Marketing and a
BA in Communications from Saint Louis University
 and a letter of MBA equivalence from Harvard Business School.


    
    


Scott
C. Martin
 age 44
 Director and Secretary
 
 age 44
 brings almost twenty years of experience in finance
 consulting
and public company restructuring to the Company. Previously
 beginning in 1996
 with J.P. Carey
 Inc. and affiliated companies
Mr. Martin was involved in financing various public and private companies. Beginning in 2011
 he was Executive Vice President
with American Premium Water Corporation
 which transitioned from financial services to selling spring water. From 2013 through
present
 Mr. Martin has been an Executive Vice President for the Company.

Mr.
Martin has an undergraduate degree from Stetson University
 where he graduated in 1992.

Board
Committees

The
Board does not currently have any committees.

Term
of Office

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until
removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our Board and hold office until removed by the
Board.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires our directors and executive officers and persons who own more than 10 percent
of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership
and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities. These Section 16 reporting persons are required
by Securities and Exchange Commission regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16 forms they file.

Item
11. Executive Compensation

The
following table sets forth compensation for each of the past three fiscal years with respect to each person who served as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company and each of the four most highly-compensated executive officers of the Company who earned a total
annual salary and bonuses that exceeded $100
000 in any of the two preceding fiscal years.



SUMMARY
    COMPENSATION TABLE
    

(a)
    
    
    
    
    
(b)
    Year
    
    
(c)
    Salary
    
    
(d)
    Bonus
    
    
(e)
    
    
    
    
    
(f)
    Option Awards
    
    
(g)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
Nonqualified
        Deferred Earnings
        
    
    
(i)
    
    
    
    
    
    
(j)
    
    
    

Peter
    Hellwig

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

President
    (1)
    
    
    
    
    
    
19
400
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
19
400
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
600
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
650
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Joseph
    C. Canouse (2) (3) (4)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

CFO
 Chairman
    Director
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Kevin Quirk (2)
    (4)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Chairman &amp;
    CEO
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


(1)
Effective March 15
 2013 Mr. Hellwig resigned as President and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Joseph C. Canouse was appointed
to those positions.

(2)
Effective April 20
 2013 Mr. Canouse resigned as President and Chief Executive Officer and Mr. Quirk was appointed to those positions
and named a Director.

(3)
Effective April 20
 2013 Mr. Canouse was appointed as Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors.

(4)
Effective June 2
 2014
 Mr. Canouse resigned from his positions of Chief Financial Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors.
Effective June 4
 2014
 Mr. Quirk was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors.


    
    


Compensation
of Directors

Any
Director who also becomes our employee will receive no extra compensation for their service on our Board of Directors. Directors
may be compensated for out-of-pocket expenses associated with attending Board of Directors&rsquo; meetings.

Employment
Agreements

The
Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Kevin Quirk on April 20
 2013.

Any
Director who also becomes our employee will receive no extra compensation for their service on our Board of Directors. Directors
may be compensated for out-of-pocket expenses associated with attending Board of Directors&rsquo; meetings.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The
following table sets forth information concerning the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock with respect to stockholders
who were known by us to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of our common stock as of December 31
 2013
 and our officers and
directors
 individually and as a group. Unless otherwise indicated
 the beneficial owner has sole voting and investment power
with respect to such shares of common stock.

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and generally
includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. In accordance with the SEC rules
 shares of our common stock which
may be acquired upon exercise of stock options or warrants which are currently exercisable or which become exercisable within
60 days of the date of the table are deemed beneficially owned by the optionees
 if applicable. Subject to community property
laws
 where applicable
 the persons or entities named below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of
our common stock indicated as beneficially owned by them.



    
    
Effective
    March 15
 2013
 Joseph C. Canouse was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer and Director. As a result of this appointment
    and change in control
 the 1
100
000
000 shares originally held by Peter Hellwig (former President and Chief Executive Officer)
    were transferred to Joseph C. Canouse. This stock was subsequently cancelled on May 31
 2013 and is no longer held by Mr.
    Canouse. 


Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence

We
have not entered into any transactions nor are there any proposed transactions in which any of our Directors
 executive officers
stockholders or any member of their immediate family of any of the foregoing had or is to have a direct or indirect material interest.

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The
following table presents the aggregate fees billed by for services provided during our 2013 and 2012 fiscal years.



    
    
    

    
28
000
22
500

    
    
    

    
28
000
22
500


Audit
The fees identified under this caption were for professional services rendered by D&rsquo;Arelli Pruzansky
 PA
($28
000 and $22
500) for fiscal years 2014 and 2013 respectively in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements
and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The amounts also include fees for services
that are normally provided by the independent public registered accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings
and engagements for the years identified.

Audit-Related
The fees identified under this caption were for assurance and related services that were related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and were not reported under the caption &ldquo;Audit Fees.&rdquo; Audit-related
fees consisted primarily of fees paid for Securities and Exchange Commission reporting matters and consents related to our uniform
franchise offering circulars.

Tax
Fees

Approval
Our audit committee approves in advance all services provided by our independent registered public accounting
firm. All engagements of our independent registered public accounting firm in fiscal years 2014 and 2013 were pre-approved by
Board of Directors.


    
    


PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits
 Financial Statements
 Schedules



    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a)
    or Rule 15d-14(a)) *

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Financial Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a)
    or Rule 15d-14(a))*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002 *

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Instance Document **

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Schema **

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase **

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase **

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase **

    
    
    

    
    
XBRL
    Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase **






    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
FRESH
    PROMISE FOODS INC.
 INC.


    
    
    


Date: April 27
    2015
    
/s/
    Kevin Quirk


    
    
    


    
    
Chief Executive
    Officer


    
    
(Principal Executive
    Officer)



Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
Title
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Scott Martin
    
    
    
April
    27
 2015

    
    
    
    
    



    
    













     



CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
 Kevin
P. Quirk
 certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this Form 10-K of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    
    

    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
    fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
    internal control over financial reporting.




Date:
    April 27
 2015
By:
    
/s/
    Kevin P. Quirk

    
    
    

    
    
Principal Executive
    Officer

    
    
Fresh Promise
    Foods
 Inc.



    
    














     




CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

I
 Kevin
P. Quirk
 certify that:



    
I
    have reviewed this Form 10-K of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
    to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to
    us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed
    such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
    our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
    statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated
    the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
    about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based
    on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed
    in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    
    

    
    
All
    significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
    are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
    information; and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
                                         fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have
                                         a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
        




Date:
    April 27
 2015
By:
    
/s/
    Kevin P. Quirk

    
    
    

    
    
Principal Financial
    Officer

    
    
Fresh Promise
    Foods
 Inc.



    
    














     




CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with this Annual Report of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31
 2014
 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 I
 Kevin P. Quirk
 Principal
Executive Officer of the Company
 certify to the best of my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
Such
    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
    or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
The
    information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014
 fairly presents
 in
    all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Date:
    April 27
 2015 
By:
    
/s/
    Kevin P. Quirk 

    
    
    

    
    
Principal Executive
    Officer

    
    
Fresh Promise
    Foods
 Inc.




    
    













     



CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350

AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

In
connection with this Annual Report of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended December 31
 2014
 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 I
 Kevin P. Quirk
 Principal
Financial Officer of the Company
 certify to the best of my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to
Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
Such
    Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
    or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
The
    information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2014
 fairly presents
 in
    all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Date:
    April 27
 2015
By:
    
/s/
    Kevin P. Quirk 

    
    
    

    
    
Principal Financial
    Officer

    
    
Fresh Promise
    Foods
 Inc.



    
    











begin 644 logo03.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!






M


MB_#7B:OPO/

_KOP9\2\+XN\%Y/Q

3F^8T7AIS51)TH5VVI124G4MRO1*[NNQ^K%%?E/_`&SJO_05U+_P
M:ZTW_CO\7T[]*7^V=4_ZFI_^!FL_P-?GQ^MGZKTAY!^AK\J?[9U3_H*:G_

M:M_T%=2_\&VM4?VSJO\`T%=2_P#!KK3?^._Q?3OTH
_:1[_E_F?JQ17Y3G6=


M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444
M`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`
M4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1
M110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%
M%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444





K&7P
MQJI159X[6UU;2@;*6ZF($


\VQ]?[T\'/&'+?%'*'6B_[$XOR

M0`


J4935*ESS@IXB4:

.'N`LDQO$_%V;QR7)L%4AA

M]/K7\U__`!$*?]6O3_\`AR4_^9R@_P#!PID$?\
O3]._Q)C(_$'PYR/;O7Z8

MC_Y0?TF^2@'#1#Z1VY_0&E$0!#;H\`ALB&$=#GJIR/J.1VK^:]?^#A%#(@D_

P$L[6;P^TJQ(6D*SD9PI41MD(8QO@!XVX2
M


MFM;\:76;32$62:V7[1LK7ZEG@S((\
H8J%-9?A*^98RCEN`2EB
1B*&$H0






M5^52E=K5+U-:D;H?H?Y4M
D&Z.1?[R./S4BOCFD]&[)Z-]D]&_DFW\C]%;:3


MWAJ/S6=-C^0TL?FD[/
C5LC[?@KPQXZ\0\'F&/X.R&KG='**\
-6Q$)4XQI.


M
\0Z/<MI]







O%?@/@'-\CR3BG.8Y/CN(YTHX&@X2G[


@_GC.
?TJ!7!.U@?D




.A!!YQ\IS_`#Y-?D1^P1_P5%/[:GQ5\6?#)_@[_P`*
MZ;PKX



M)OEE.-.3B^6U7E23Z*7


9N]@4DM+M!DK]5/V//V@U_:E_9_\``GQN;PK)X)?Q=+K4(\






&M(UXJ+.;PU<9:T&J;'7S6+[`JD/\U?./_$0@=RA/V8;M-K!G5?B)
M`P!R0Y_X1<$`@8)R
#IBOUK+/`+Q8S?+LIS++.#JM7*



_LO7&'(0X^)$)/S';P)-`

_?(US1^)
M?;\

UO

/]:SO-E^XP\91C[:JDHQIJ4VH





TI)QTNI)--
M-.S):***\
^MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*1LE6QUVG'UQ2TC9VMC@X



2`/V7IP3P#_`
+)C.?8^','Z=Z_15]&GQH33_U
M1G=--+ZQPS=M--)*%?G;;22Y/?NUR^]RGY+_`,37?1^W7B#3T[87B?\`^4']
M)_E$=&C'_;"D$




M`
D^\`_]B-X'_P#4-T&NJC_UD?\`OK_Z$*_F_-7RYSC97A'ES/




MUO(-CD%+B*6!L[98WC+(?QLL?^@/[7EB[7G_W(M2\J9

<LGR=I\C/\O\`Z7?B/Q[PKXRX3\/\8<6Y+AZ
M7!_?/1J5)04H4\7FU249Q7Q4W%34E]N,JD'HC][OV2O^D
_P`5?%.B?#'X

B.62)LG%
M?JW7\7

D=[:R^3=Z7


LCX@
MX:RM9#3Q
J








M?4?2J_Y/!F'_`&365?\`I5$^-^A=_P`F'RG_`+*;
?RJ$*]1]1_.IFZ'Z'^5



__!OE

FQ7'@_P`8
M2V[Z</B5X;TCR4FBU6V$C)!X[TF-GU5T00ZO:(EX#&QF\[W3_@IU^PMH?[4
MGPFU7QGX6TVRL_CQ\

M$/`?$]2ERUX)PP6:82I7I4:V59_I+DS;)*%:KB*+33]K0I2C:
ZL%_H[.R_O



M@639`99H6DN$#(S_`.?.7X?/\JXDR_#993F^)
31D8X
M^:-;=AQ[L!GI_2OY/?V
O?Q#_X*!?\`!1S4?VN]?\/W.A?SP-XRB\9_:IE
MBFL[&^\+6?\`9OPU\(V
I
:ZM?&P*ZEJTR#.C/.74

MIM;!'7N./3CUK^A/I-\05\^SS@_!9NX2XIP'!650XQE#X8YO.-=2BI2Y91


M_A+\._V=-$O4L]6^)NL_\)CXNAMCON+'P-X3F2WL(KE1E9(-3\6R:;;@Y)*Z





!?C!\-/B;X(NOB#X`\<^&/$_@JUBU)W\3Z'K-I=Z':Q:;\NHRW


M&]LM+U6)M8L060$WVD3$:K9R9)4\BC^?]:]/


M5

M#]J'


_6-!^F?UI5&

^^H556M*/\R\[ZK4\(_:
MA_Y-O^/G_9'?B5_ZAVJU_G^?G_DH7PK_PQW\'_`/IZ\.U_H`_M2?\`)MOQ



DS_9L_
M[*/XO_\`4'O:_H%M/]6G_7&+_P!`6OY^_P#@X&_Y)I^S7_V4CQ=_Z@][7\Y^


Y.T5Q#FSD[7M%5VY.W6R3=NMK=3^

)




M*5_:=TH-Y4FTGX5W
0#;#@F5/%
3Q@'&9$EC9!\RR(0&']-FSV_\A_\`V5*%






MAZRK8FK/D5*.'INFWB)5JDZ=.G**=YRC9IG[-3XHX:K8/
\?3SWAI8;)ISAB



95:U7\24:]2E2I)SJ5O9P?-)TX0G-75G*3M=GH*Y

X'&3R03SC'.?I7QM;_MW?L=;DCB_:
^$





Z=/WI-J*=KJ4
MHMH\[+\WRO
[&M!<6]Q+$8_M8*[5^\=PP
X
MKG!^WI^QQD!/VF/@O&


8/GGS*


MG8.54GT#


68BCS-1<YT


MY\+R./F.TY^8@=/-?B'\5?`'PJT2;Q!\1O&OA[P5H4:29U/Q-JVFZ;`-J
S1
M0)
4%RZHO$


GQ-_





9P.W!'3CK7B/PC^._P=^-VDIK?P
MC^)'A?Q]II*:3P]KEGJDUH25'EW5G9'[?9DD@.-12+RQEI,J&(]J9UCH!W
M]L=QS^/7GGK7QN)I8G+\14P6








M^*7+'9_%+[
?YI?9CS2^R

]N/7-(''1003C.Z$`=?[P

^'UDR.\!UW5XHKR[
2




FZ_!7_`++1#_Z@





-I()(%?S=A
M\JS7


MT




M;&=+RROK2Y02Q7
$L68RCHRM'(C

M/$*SR:



\;C
'@
*\9C:L:$%%N55M)4E&
I.H[M)*G

]YJV




M!CL)F&%CB\KQ]/-Z

U*2O&-Y6VLK%RBBBI/0D;H?H?Y4M(W

MR0WF0[2.N[SHL=?
3[P_N!G_`-6?^N;_`/H5?Q`_\%=BH_X*#_'$MRHA^'!8

MIJ/B#@).#VFHY5BY.#\IJ+B_*3.R_85_X)EZU^W!\-/$OQ*L?B_#\/&\
^-K

M@OP4W\NWX9K]SY`L3&



RW


!GO;2(
M32(S7$2!I$_K(

E?&83Z3?C'0E&#XJA6A.48RHRX<PT%4BY*




\(







M





M_P#4#A8_-3_@JC_R;%H7_96/!'_IL\2U

M_P#DU^7?]E)F/YU3_(7Z;+MXU4VMUP=PPUZJKG37XI$0!\N;'4(0/KGC'O7]
M9'[(_G?\
N_`G.
?\*U\/Y^FZ?/X^OOBOY-V660R10)OEE)CB3^_(Q(C3_@3
M$+^-?V#_``5\




M?Y4`#=#]#_*H5ZCZC^=)10!



MQQ+_`
&__P#R7?X]_P#9)_#/_J2QU_54G^L'X_\`H9K^57_@W_\`^2[_`![_
M`.R3^&?_`%)8Z_JJ3_6#\?\`T
UU_2C_`.3V\5?]@_#?_JEHFGT./^4?^#_^



$

MH3:S



HSNEK3CF56EU
MW]WE7:VB2MKP_P`.OAKX&^%'A;2?!GPZ\
:)X/\`6B[H](\/^'[6&PTNV$C
M`2R&)



MOA'_`(*+?'Z/]G+]DWXH^


MAX+\&2XV\4.%




6FHUX*%27-;7FA%486;]W72

MS;Q!QU+-8WLT\%3G[3*WJK*3QL\ZG[N]U:5C^(?_`(*J_`5O@9^VEXZN;.R:




9=-M9KC7_@?XA
NK3VFU9IO`/B=XM/UM;@9+-%97YT


)O$2NFY9ME=
M&MB
NM)Z.-3(

.F^9+*N*\5
MA\1CY).SO2SW$TE%ZN/
_A2:/[SC#MGZ?YS3#C#`]"!W!&/RJI9NC$P
MM$T)2(PM$P99K98AY+@@E67



MA8%/

-%J/.XI5(TG+W/9N4DH/9;OX:_;I_;/\&?L4?0^


NZVT



M^(M8\1)%.HD


^)IUG7JRISBY5Z
E[&I2J2DO:T

I6OY$_P#@


_

&U_YKE(__HQO_CJ+QK_Q\4_^MO$_


MF'XH(N/^%WZT4+!2,GPQH&_AL*1C)(8@=N]?B+_`,%;3_P4!^.BDX_=_#\
MD_.1D^!-+!/R?O#C'\!WG^'YL5[9^P!_P4R\/_L

M*0_(W\??\2_^



$OADUW#+OBGQ3J$OC[4K)Y8GB
M2XLM(TN;P_:_;;=V$T

MB'X\U=DGN7NSK?BSQ-J^JW`AM[2.X*@RNMS/'!H=F05TEWA3HF:_H3P'^CUQ


JE6I*C.#4N5N$$Z;J4_BE?G:T2N_YF^D?]




M'MQHL$'Q(^--@OCGQ/JUY;HNIQ:5JUVMQX2\-P
3N2PL-`&G3QQX&&$LA5BR

M:KHMNDJ

JIN\V\UI19V^&FNY%ACD(_K4_9$^`K?LY?\$^=+^'


M=+DIJ66YESR:I*/.FG=FGR4^=-NR/\`.JTB+%]X?/\`=O-&/MG[=:G_``_+
MGK7^DAHG_(&TG_KPL?\`T3;U_F[:1_Q^:#_U^:/_`.EMI7^D3HG_`!M)_Z\
M+'_T3;U^M_3)W\/?^P+./_4/AT_!_H$N^+\6?^QCDR^[&Y^CH:^:/VO`#^R]

)7^\1@X]<$'%?YSOPH_Y*A\)/


MP74C66J8N





M
L
.^01Z48H@[

@W-86




M09FVZ_X@A$:Z=E0\$922
;V1X_Z*':

M`


X#?9]0?1TBM9KQ
XDVR.F\%2P)Q7)_%+_@B=^V/\.M$O











M9GUGT]


T?[#?\`!'/]




.=`GBUWPA?W6<6]JNKVJKJVFZA<''D6&KQ+&S,OFDIEJ^V?\`@E5^W5XU
M^`'QH\(_`?QMXAN]:^7Q)UR#PG866K7+:D/`7BZ]FBAT+7M#U4
OD:3XAO[
MR/3]2TQR\:`^:J[D3/\`4A^TU\'M$^-_P$^)_P`-?$FGVVK6WB'P;JUEIJW:
M!DM-;@L+J?1-3ML@


-[/1U(5ZN']C[.R]KHZ3LJSM_=?C]QUF/7@

3.I2J[TYPA47\-
_(
M?P9X$^/G[:OQ




OH/_!/XP?CPAXJ^*_PU\4:CH_

'N\0




VHZ=91








AR4YWD+D[



JM5T8_O
0J




KEF8F
M7OX]\0.%?`/A2KX0^%]*./XDS/#U/];.+JTU5JU
PJ4JM)U





O`'AW3_#W@SP

M)(K^]I2C2($8AHU&5/=2

M2XN_AGXXFDX$?AO7I)-2\*7
H7Y/)TCQ$M_I^1U/BI^RK7YK]%[CYY'XL4J&


;&


M_5HF%V4$?
/(D8C_`&9`J9QCJ2

JQF)GQ%A)QU:IYO.591:T5H3



?CBP@U&_;[J'7]6\SQ)J+]MFC6%[K]V.GRP\

X/&1PDY6LJ\


%_7AZVCM-#\




.^5!52X`'WT/\`@X#\!+&63]F?Q^(5?)SXU\/[!
6WJS-M)`!4
M9&





H5C&'\;Z$+@?('\NUN7EL;M


MQ/$D^FZ1I\OAVP^W0.ZRV\-]9WEK)/'&DUM)TD4GR&7_1U\8

%K=CP!+J%@/$9`!([0<
ZW=VWA+3(^W!GO03W*IGIR/RVUO7_&WQ/\`
M&UQJVJ7?B3Q]\0O'6MNMS<75[_;GBSQ5K.IW*VUO9PSD?O9%NIUM]$L^%TB5
MK=.!&2?[(/\`@E/^Q5/^R5\%Y-:\=VUM%\9OBW-IOB3QK!'!'H&G`!M#\(0

M'7([G\_3/Y50U._LM)T[4-2U9+?3]/LKJ_O[F4XC@LK22XN9G(SA(H(Y'8



MBN_A\
+-_J+/P;X8N)-




V










/T

3E/_93YA_Z34_S$
MI5ZCZC^=3-T/T/\`*H*_F\_K

M0O4?4?SJ9NA^A_E0`M+:?\?=A_V$;+_THCJJW0_0_P`JNV7_`!^:?_U^6W_I
M1'0]GZ/\FW7JOS1^K'=/]W_`-FCJ2H^Z?[O_LT=25SG0%13_PHF_ZY2?\`
MH#5+44_^HF_ZY2?^@-05'XH_XH_^E1*R=9/^OB7_`-BK^53_@X`_P2W_L^
M?]DR\9_^I185_54O2;_KO-_..OY5/^#@3_DM'[/_`/V3GQ1_ZEVGU^\_1I_Y
M/%DO_8MS3_U4UT?RO]+S_DP6=?\`8ZX:_P#5WC2;_@W_`/\`DN_Q[_[)/X9_
M]26.OZJD_P!8/Q_]#-?RJ_\`!O\`_P#)=_CW_P!DG\
_^I+'7]52?ZP?C_Z&







W-*K6E&/1<NK239_3M_P0-\

::]\8+#




_N
MRQEK/7778O5%/S!
/6*3_P!`:I:CF8)#*YZ+&['Z*I)_E7P3YTFZ:3J)-TT]
M$YI-P3?1.:@GY-GZ[SJG^\D[1I^_)]HP]^3^48-_(X7Q?XFT7P+X6\2^-/$=





LY^B!F^.S7-



M\OAY$68_M



M@!+-XE\&(+&.[?(Y?6=#DT7Q(Q7[PU91C.XU^@J-&CJ@&2/+0$_W99!@XXZ


MNU+PHMQ;)ZOHH!.


M






W[-GP6^)M_^SWX



U5)=%A;S

I@UWX*^+K34

M#G:

M_L._LJ?`7QC#X^^$/P5\

\

MMRSJ*W


MD*-*-6
:2J*DY1A*I+V4IM2FO92J1?H'[3G_`;K\=_^R-?$G_U$]7K_`#_O
MA9_R/_PM_PQX\&_^GKP]7^@#^TY_P`FZ_'?_LC7Q)_]1/5Z_P`_[X6?\C_\

?
M\H_^)'_9*X3\^'3XV_X('?\`)TOQ2_[(@?\`U
OU?UO#_5_\`;_`-#-?R0?
M\$_^3I_BI_V0\_^IAX7K^M\?ZO_`(`W_H9K[#Z5'_)YLW_[$60_^HL#X?Z%

!_2OVU_P"
MD1'[





M7[*EU::W\.?`LFK^.+9(H_\`A8GC34+OQ1XKVR.C3_8=0OR+32(C(ZVVEQV
MVQ1LV$#:WW;$@2,J0Q)&`DKB0\X]!D?7`_/BH1(8IXDVVR;I$7F7Y_F8#J&









M`*\+'_T3;U_F[Z._EWN@2?W+W1G_`.^;VT;^E?Z/GAH[M!T!\_?T/0SGN3]B
MB/\`7^=?V1]


M]DC]I34YONP_!CXB0#W:Y\/:C;(`?=Y4/X5_'_#?_)0Y+_V.LE_]6^5'^@'%
M?_).9S_V*

MQ^6
8)]3SC'IG\N


C(R
]Z_EA_




+G]_K$(;$:X1?5_P#@DI_P

M/$^K)Y4T/PWTL?PVI1O


M-7&;\??%2=3$9?A

MM024N@@@6`1P111I';R10I&L`M8!;11DV\=O&-RL+-518PN`/+;;M`&W1;&U
ML]




M`TG7/&5U

M;9O


^K;9_1'-TE_P!U_P#T,U_G$?$KGX@_$@8W?\5G
MXX^7U_XJ'4./QZ5_H[S=)?\`=?\`]#-?YQ'Q*_Y*#\2/^QS\<_\`J0ZA7YY]
M##_?/$K_`+$W_\`ZGYP?IG[0'_D4^&O_8ZXG_\`5?E)_?7^RC9P6'[+G[/-



M*.)-9RM:

MGF08*$))*3IQJ\+95-:,&FIRHRG&M&FTU-TN1IJHT_\[#XG_CXE?`_Q9+X

MX

MA;6'QM^_AWQ;:QB!)_$/PXU0^'=8(WH)[B;1M5BUK1KR81[V2VL]4MEEDQ
MK/$7'[3_LR?\%$/V7_VKIXM%^&?CF/2O&QBCFN?AQXQL9OWC**$
GVN2VL



^6A[

5&@Y0CB*F'XGHIK'

M??$/Q*;9O'%E_:7@SQX]F

M\

O$OPNXFXVH8Z:P603Q/



!WW%SX7F$6C:O=`A?-D$
(_#.J+C#6FHQ1SV-T`,B*5NF2#_`'=_LW_'
MCP5^TK\'O`_QJ\$7KH7C+3]+NI--:0&[T'7DE%MK?AK4$2-0EUH=ZLNGG[J


:LI12Q.20_V7*
T^%:

W(K^=L)C*F68KXO#MJMA
5A\30;^S6PV)P^)

P6
PE=+_GSB\'B\)6[[TL35[VTML?

MLD(TKQYGH59]0$%V`1TUW`XP3^R__!#+XX1_$']F77/A+J%U'-K/P)\87NB:




U[R;6C3\/7_Q'/Z7/$?'=2\^$O#.5990W[OO

MD^G=IX19



Y9

MF+XL
H42GX[ZQF-FHJ'P?X(+GD@':1C'/`Z=Z_=GS_,P(2DA+JD@#9*Q`)


KI8_$NGQ5B/?E).3C

+2A22J1YG9J:3/Y;1_P;\_&
LI?]HOX:A-PWF/P+XT=@H8;B$/B+:Q
MQGDA6Z=#FO4/?_``;[:=;SQS^.OVCM2OK?



CK7YMB_

C**XPA3E)-*=/A7A6$H-II252&&E.FTVGSP7M(64Z;C4A!K]7POT2O
M`+!SA/\`U
G-QE&2C4XIXHJQERRC)1E3GB(PFFXI.$O=J)NG.\)S4O@S]EW_

M6.WTF.U


YXAQM7
<N5*

MU5CJ6J^




V?#!W!2!D8Y'&!V?X7_
M`.!OA37O#OAW4/$O[0/C31_%FJZ)I%_XCTBR\(^'[W3-*UF[M(K_5[TN)F
M90D=^8$1WW*4B+$L64'I5_X-[_AWN`?]I?Q^K`C




MG*
WI*UY+EY5R[?\'!]@I)/[
%^I((:7_A:

?


Y&/F545F7





MB_9_Q8_NMG_%][^%_P`_/^G?M#I?TX_%YIIY7P)9II^UX/O2LTT_:)\4U$Z=

M\/.@&[:/-ZQ_?_AX^4/B3_P5E\8ZQ9SV'PF^%VG^%I2)(X?$7C347\2ZH8F4
MHMQ;:1IC+:1W461)!'-^Y
JJD@V;L?C\PF/
C-C_`&F)]CQG_#/TS2!4&3YO

M2K3[


M`*`U2U%/_J)O^N4G_H#4UNO5?FBH?'#_`!P_]*B4U^]-_P!=9O\`T..OY6?^
M#@#/_Z?@#@X/_M_%6#Z'_A+-.P?PZU_5
OWIO^NLW_`*''7\JW_!P)@?&S
*Z?&M#(H8YKEPU3#SG+FA3G3<)R6)I1GJ^3DBW2Y)-7J)7G






1TE-U*.599B,-0J
MU'4BG[&A5A%SE.<E[5865M9Q6MI:(D=O;Q1I!%`(X+:`6\$:*I.(UJB`<
M!01V.-



M\.M


@8QG]0_\`
M@@;\!DTKP=\5_P!HG4K%$?Q=J=C\
_`USNRQ\
^$YH]1\1[5(SM?Q.L5H6_O

H
MM=U*+BU\U)H_T[NH^\]H^\_2/O/\$RE*HD4@G;YD?#8R%;&`V#C@$9.?QK\W
OW@_X(,?M'MXC^'7CS]F?7+]+G6/
MAIJ*^,O![S9\[4?'B.XB@UB2/J0+'Q!(ERV3S_;2`\*<?W-]);(
OXZ\+^%




-2^`O[8'B[7HK1;7P)\91+\2?-ZJEXX]8EMD3Q?X?$?)D
M&G:Z(M=V9);^W
9R*_0O_@BS^V]X=TG11^R5\5=4@TK59-?N]6^#.IZK?K-!

/&C@



M@SP\RSPEX/ITL\S7*ZD*6.Q_LZ

1Z


M#)

\_[)
MS)7_`.6L3XCZ&&G@9DR[\19LOOJM'\(?_!2CC]O+]IP=Q\3[?_U%?#G^%?U%
M_P#!(#_DP#X%'_9\6?KXRU4?S-?RV?\`!2H_\9[?M.^WQ/@/_EK^&Z_J5_X)



U5\JS5=\KS-??EN8K]3_-HU3_77W_7[?_\`HVO]&;X7


;_`#[FO[6^F$O^$OPG_PQ9FW_`*K,A/\`//Z-%K/_&!]
MLQRG\
TX@9Z57-^

M*4!]A




M8NG[V.[@E@.TI
DD093_`*&\2\-97])/PRX7S'A;/:=#C+(*

%<_Q<


@D=:_!3_@M'^V7X2\+?/5?V6O&LVNH?$7XEII
'B^UL

MX[T%=U#X_:MI-A=[K1KGPKHWAOPMJEW$X,,D0UC2]!BU433*61)=.N(;Y)

MAY'!W(Z\_
H(+#*C!-?YTOP]N(I?B]\

M'KPNG68X]./I_HDZVS1:!K
D;O')'I&HM'+&_ER1LL4[*Z2=(W5E#*^/D8!N
MU7]

+,T]7S0]LIQW]ZZG%]`B&(RC


MY@BQ_@_^QM^Q_P-?VS_`(IZ;X!\'&ZT;0=-N6U3XI?$:.WWV?A71;ZX61XH
M]0SMO/%FL,T[VY.;P*\C*HR?E?Q3J-WJWBCQ9K6K:C?7^L77B;6=4UF_N;K



G
M\/JG!N`XOS^A6JX_C#BG3$XF-3#58U(T8)-1G[.I-X2F[QC55)RE)N4I?S'Q

MK&]25'VL5%:*/]XWP4^#G@7X#?#CPG\)_ASH-MH?@[PI8P6]E!;VRQ17++&I

M_ML?M;.YE/[4?QWW/QD_$/5R!GC.2W&!_+GTI\?[:?[6[-\W[5'QT4*-QQ\1

MX[V7.E&


M1GH1W_'_`#^A^VK^UL9!G]J?X[
@8':?B+JP+#/W00V5)Z!AR
YZCG^B'_@A





+

X3XW%Y?5:]E.ME-.CDL:%:DFZD(8R,^6,I4W=&JY0]HH3Y?Y/PF99




M(\2:?X4\):-IMW=:QJ^HW@MC$D5K)
L5G&Q(FNG1MM;J&DFDH$?#5_(4?^


OB5*K5P:A-XJE24Z=*E&
MK6PWUBE2E/2-6M32C-M1?]$9E]-?AC

MH=(T;7[RSTCP

M\2_#&9?J-






M3SG=\H$%CG@`'/&17\Q/\`P69\5?M%_#7]IVS;2_BW\3O#_P`)OB9X-LK_
M`$'P]H?C'Q'X?T33=8\-D:9XHT-%T9UC9'
UCK4C%^NONH^51C^G3X5#=\)?



H0H4[

$?'^A


M@ZSU&SD1HKFSF.D?\3W5[:[B=X9+&]8K=(YA8$N17L_[$W_!+_XS?M0^(]'U


M&(K0P]BXTVXNLI)1O)GS_C-XNXOZ2\LC\-/WA/B?
L-BZV&QF(QN(@H1HP




K^-?Q]?\$)_^





GX))K$
M12;6%X


W]V6U#QIX#CP:!XEF!?8=:C:
:=K$*
M*#]E2.XY


M$H?O82ZWC%U$^ME?KI^




`:C^%?V-]%

M3+R3


H.XBOZ0?D56P

@YZDC(S[]*_(?I1\93XE\1(9+2DGDW`N&GD.&A?1S_AU;^?-4ITW


\DUQ=3
L-O!#&&E

M222


\UX-^!^5^*'#/$.=XK.YY)4X=6(IT
ML-&









\?/\`-*F2

M2./]ICX-RR2

$@U]26]Q;ZC9V]W:3Q2
_*K*Y_/'T=?'?/?&
MS_6Q9OPU3R&?#V(A2@J4JD_?DZG+3DYI-5(2@HR5K)O1GX6?\%X/V@$\-?![
MP%^SYIL_EZM\6-63Q-XLL(C_`*5!X!\*3BX6WNUY7R]7\40V=J2I.U=+F7`K
M\<O^57P*?X^?MG_``RMM5LUN_#7PQGE^*WC
.08WD\)30?V#92#(S')XKU7
M34E`(/EAR.17%?\`!1?]H9OVA_VQ?B=XSL;S^T??AC4E^%_@:19/M'ASP1
M.=-N'AW!2R:GXEEU_P`1Q`J#LU`#:.




SN;NRFCF\

MF

MK]'0



/%7C#X


M[XS@?7C!K\]?C7G_`(6/XESU\G3




_\
M0W@W_
^9O^&./V6/^B`?#;_P3&C_`(8X_98_Z(!\-O\`P3&OIANA^A_E4*]1
M]1_.C_77C#_HL.

O_@OARN

M6
HR?+3O^\E9/EI_\O':G_R\!^&W`4DXO@_@NS33YN#.$)1LTT^:--^TE&S]

0TW
M4]1\*-H4WB*SOE(X6:XMBCG^'=GWK\L8_VQ?VHAN$GQ_P#B6HG8$UE1\P!

M?&#XC^'?AQX7_LB+6_%=Y=Z/I4FJR206\9M(EFGDN)XHYI888V??++%%+)''


M//\`T+_&


M5XN5+5=5^\X1IT]5=?O*E.GK^\J4Z?/4@?\`$-?I8=
M\7EYKBFO4:\U3I\5


MGR\KWZ9SWKW\[X



MN8Y?2JTZE.I6]G4IU*56I3J4ZG[NI3G4A.\)R3_T;=-!^S6Q!9P18M\X`)D=

_Z^





M`?W?\@?UJ


C*ACEB\90@D.VTD5O4AQ@Y

HR_P`



MV//IFC:5I]TT)ZK+)%&C%



MI3J0A4ISA.


MZBVN

MT\/;DE2GQ+B:E.4-%*



R-'+!/#*#%-#*C-'+%(#'(C
C@J

MK*#7?]/U/T[G_/6HB4'0G/;IC/;KS4TJN)I1Y*%U3?NR:E*/NNZDM)1OHWH[




M\C.#Y[Q6R(I/&01\X&
$GKO
-W/F8_/'/X#V]J
C\?7WK5U

HR^&491E_AE&49?^2N1YZ/AQX#8L\_







B(\
UO(DL4JJ\9W**^FYK:(P^5)&HC6%XA%\K1+&

G3@'^?Z4YR,XYR/IC/OFN9XC$U;2E+DL^92DW
M=6M[RNWM:^ZM;<ZZ&'PU$H4(+DE%QE%6]Z



L.?^S

M#'MZ=[L\]_X5A\/O^A(\)?\`A
:/_P#(U`^&'P^R


M

J0&0`LIP0N\%2PSD!@RDXW`CBO?B/^S'\`?B\SW7Q(^$'P\\9W95M]WK
MWA'1+W5&+*066_:U:[28\E)!

M'(/)X`R

MI-/&Y9E^;X7ZMF&64:U*S4J5:

&5E/(











MTU\TVOF=#O9V=G9V?9V=G\G9_(Y3Q#X9T#Q7I=QHGB31-
U[1KE)([G2M;TF

MPIFNI\B:2S\#:18&4

V<<G)S_\`7Z?S

59?3R


M5X_XEK'_`
F43TI)2C*
OAE&49?X91E&7_DLI'%Z/X-\+:)=_;-'\-^']*OG

?3G\_S'OTIB[<CD
M^W'?MT)J4]#GT-1&KB:ZOBHVEH]VWHT]W*3TZ:G/0H4,,G'I)6[K?OHEY$#
M!1&ZC+94C``Y&




M$



MN[\\FK+51TU/UX\1:[IGAOP_K'B/6)UM=*T;2KW6=0N6R5@L=.M)KN[F(ZE8
MH(9'.!DA?3-?Y]?Q[^)NO?M/?M$?$/XA:;$;_4?B_P#$2+P-IG.$M=1U)-'
M\%Z?D]1JVAP:/;Y).3,,\BOO_P#;$_X*Y?&;]J7P-J7PM\+^#;/X-^?$]I/

MG[*5Y\8/VA+'X\^(]
GA^%WP.OEU'P]?7.TVWB3XH74ENFBZ?;*65S_PB%@1
MJOF`
J3&`

E0?[0\+.`L1X$\&^)'B3X@6R3

IU



YI
MC






X*R/*HT


?
`
.#EN..OS`CU!%</J
M7@3P?K%T;[4?_AG4;R=E9KK4-$TF_GE:


!4D8!'(]



M]6P5^8`UUWD1+;_9TB@CMTB:&-$MP8X[?9Y9A*
2GE^6`K*/+7:


HR.`.?P&*TE4K5[.O)R:::O.I4=TTT[R=]TON.6EA\+AXN.&
MRZ


M.]F.XL/
/(7)&*ZNPL;/28K:PTZS@L;*U

MEN.I%:9D2
?
Y)Z'!Q_3_#'OUIX8L5*/QD9!/./ZC\

MUUZZZ;=!T

0`2%8@$

ZW%O9Z.]FNDG_PQ5?#86O.,J\5*
M4)1E%MJZE&2E%ZW^TEMN4M-L-/TFUAT[3;.WTZRL]L<%K:VZV5F@E/PQ(H0

M10`4444`%%%%*7PR_P`
O_29#6Z]5^:/RT_X*V?\D*^'O_95Y?\`U')*_+3]

MXZQ_Z9];K_0[PF7_`!S%Q7_V(_$/_P!

7@-=\Y\.O_4NL?U*'
MK-_O_P!13*E;I)_OG^8J


)(C$-7Q_X:_X
M*L_M`V&HPOXG\)?#7Q;HI:

Q6\TL
B1
SZ:^\X=?4_FSB'Z5OA-


7#_M

MEGX\_9B^
L'_7)?_25:UT^__P!MF_FM?Y@U?]YG_P!C3&?^FY'^ON&_@X;_`+`L'_ZI
M<I+U%%%:G4%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%
M%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`444
M4`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110
M`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!
M1110`4UPC@\@JP(]L'-.IK\HXSC*MSZ<'FE).49*
N63C)1E_+)Q:C+_MV3
M4O\`MT::33;LDTV^R33;^23?R*+-A91L;*Q.555#


.
`

?6)B44^8ZC(.

XW








1!PQ$U*=2I.#34DY



9RE4A*G&-/\`B2E4C*$8T_\`IY*4

MUO\`TB*6*=(WCE3]Y&RJR_
*_MC@;Z4'#G!?!.0Y(LJXOAGW#F$6$DZB7LXU






M73JO[

MI_K1_OO_`CK&TS_`(]K;_KW3_TCCK93_6C_`'W_`)1U_G75_P!XE_V-,9_Z
M1,_U9P7\'#?]@._]4F5%VBBBM3IBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MF29\N3&W.QL;ONYVG[W^SZ^V:?3)1NBD'',;CGIRI'/MZ^U&G5V75[675WZ
M65W?R$[V=E%NSLI_`W9V4]_=;LI:/W7+0S5!SDBV]R#T_P^2/IT_P`*F#JO

M


F[9=2\
7*ZAI?BO3TF*`377AC7X+/

V
*IQRW;D_3RLQRO'

MA\465AI7A7Q'X@@?0KB\N=
CG^TZ/;7



MYE!\M3#PXEI3DVMZ=-)N



():N4I77+&*3E*5URQC*5U
_;)SW^GH*<1N\G]R#M*DYS\F&!W$?[/7O[<5\[_LZ_M+_3]J3X?M\2/@W

395EBSC-,UHX?*'%36)K25.C#_`.7E2I?W*<%[
M\YNRA,INRB?5P^?J1WW0J

M+2_\$_BC
WQ3\3$*I+
OPU\=9``)R%'A]LD=0N#DX&#TKTWX)_\`!3W]C[]H

FYSG5YJ_Z*D[EVL`


D7F@:N
MA2PFG

M9+FCTW/LL;G&5X#&9=E6)Q\?K&:PG5PU-M*5:4%&:C'I[\N6/321]:Y7O\OH

M1JS



MJDM6X*/Q3Y(W=SZ54IL)1HP


:6(DXW:]FIVO-



#/C7IT'B;6;F&PTG1_%.B
M^(_]UJ%W=76MK:Z<WB+0[`7UU/<2QQ6]ND_F7,CJB_.RJ?T$ID3S(1;S(


42!8E`;Y&(:4;5.$#




^GZSI6GZO8F


:^3X?



M$.95
/5@Z=5SBG+V4E*

1%.EB*



M!BL!6P5#&9?*E+





#I^)S
MZ4^)S)@E709'WHP


M=N/IL3P#QU@LHAGV
X0XKH9+**FL56X:Q%/#TZ:U]I4G*-J5.$5SSJ2C%0A&





MQE*=1[4X1C*4YORA,Y_]N*HW`F

=95GN&QF
M
R;



MXI8/+Z%7$UZDXTJ&&H0=2MB*U1QA2H4HQ3;J5JDZ5*%K+FJPN]5?MQ^/R_+
M'/


46TW#G:4K.






4VYU:DZ=*%


M_@M5^P1?ZQ;:/)\2O%.FQW

M10JTDVU%8C]
_!?CWPM\1-$TCQ9X%\1:/XH\*ZW$MUINKZ)=Q:EIUS;N89$D

<XTJ.&H0<ZV




_P`2`'W)'/YGC\OKWJ%\\Y12IR&(



MVDKD\9QSQG)&/3_]8IB[4V@(J@L!R3DY(X&2


?X=::VX1D(JJIAB




M57ZI1JU_9PFI2YO9QC+F?LXSE&




9/DI0IU)W2_Y=RLG9N/
MTF:YUD^2QPTLUS:GE-3%5Z&'HT9RBO;5\16HT:5&-U9RJU:U.GT_B+5-J_V[


M*FG#V;JT*JC)RYX590C&G)2^)I-*2:7DY9G&4YSA\9B
JS&GF]'`5W@ZU6E)

MXSR?8\$Y'0\_*MI^UE\%+G]I._\`V5;/Q#J3?&#3/#I\5WNA3:!KHLAI#0PW
MK3P^(KRU.BR?N=20K9VER9D5VCB@


MRG'T


J

3OGB;'










LJ97G
91IUL&Z//7E4ER\M%45[TZM7

JE2;MR0A.;?N7-)I]IQY
OX(.?R_`=^G;H)HR7VD[DPP.V10
X/8^I
)=<T&WGMGVS*NL
MM`+&[C!!R=+DGFD7_CW0R;!7U/\`L\_MG?LY?M2H9?@G\2]!\47^G-`=6\-7

M*`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`*_/#XU_\E+\3_\`7+0?_39-7Z'-T/T/
M\J_/3XU_\E*\2_\`7/3/_:=-;KU7YH3V?H_R9Y'14[=#]#_*H*W
`HI5ZCZC


M_P#95Y?_`%')*_+/]AK_`).P^!?_`&..K_\`IIURO]#O9_\<Q<5_P#8C\0_




M_:5_9V\*0R2^(?C;\


M
M?#7QL_X*D?#?P[8W6D_`O0]0^(GBE4FBCU_5[&+0?`.GR&-Q#J-O%JO^G:

M!NZDX`XXY/'I[U^L\.?1

1XN\(QC!8^*?#VX_75K0?XXY_#'7^BZ^!P^6<.9G@
M:

MW\UK(TS_`(]8/^N2_P#I*M:Z??\`^VS?S6O\2:O^\S_[&F

M_P!@6#_]4N4EZBBBM3JBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`HYANAE!Z
M&.0''7E2*DJ.7'E2Y.!Y;Y/H-IR?RJ*DIQIU)4H\]6,)RI0_FJ1A.5./_;U2
M-./_`&\3)1E&49NT)1E&;VM!QDIN_2T'-WZ6N?SI_P#!2[Q=XV_:C_:Y^W_








ZBY9U81C!





M
%DV
X-\%Y8WQ17`$EX?TTL





MX)25D*CEQ7Z1W2
]G(H906CD!8$
%&PC(R0IP.H)P1U.
FOP#B.CA\/FDJ6$

KI5#^)?#OC2MPEX54\TQ?@-3XN


MI6
AC\*Z[XAUS1--\0.V[4$E&ER
=C&OZ

[X`?LJ
M_#;X









_:WX;_\`)/?A


MR^/CY?`7B.7L?K/+DO#


33W



M:7-K:67E?$J.3[!I[81%CD25XT`WQOROWI^Q3^R3\1_V83X['C_]I7X@_MG
MQG_PBMQI^-KC49(_#

M?#O7M_QG=;7Y;_(P\3-?%;Z/JY/:?\+7B*N3_GY_Q@E'W-=/?^#73W]3^@75
M4_XE-ZR(%?[%?NB

@99/G'53DOYO?^*OPC^%GQ/T']J2

M;3_2%JRDZ3?YDD*M97YWQ;3(5^QS@F
.DB;^NT/&Z[@`R

@_P`A7_!//]CS


T#3S
VNXMU/<]_P!YV1\L?\%;F
?[`OQWE4
K
M1_\`&LK*[1LOBOPXPVR+\T;94$2+\RGYAD@5P__!/']G/X#^
/V*_V=_$W



VE:Y#8W.YE$<FYMV
M!N-;7_!6QIA_P3_^.T8$'V-3\/3B2QRM))_PLOP?O!\U)5(Y(;?%)&!@-&R

MAS+J7%$
&WQ1CXNO6C6M!89*7/*JTY2IPJ\J;23^EO\`@K1^QS^S5HW[)GC3

M:(QB1@69NVOO[_@GCX[\5?$[]C;]GSQOXUNY-4\2ZCX'LK;5M6FCC:;69M-
MNY-(M-6;;M*^99Z;'$TA&XE2

M76&LBYU/PI\/D9[Z_-D1-!+8Z1HWAWP3X?M;A(_-%EK6IWFOZCILLHNA97#J

CS?
/%/BOQ!AP34XR/.^'\LR

M#;_2#PMXM8_CM



MS]F18M

M]N!(U4%$7^D6%FE:
/#LC=!
IY^29)



M:^1\;(VS;A/&T




M*_W_@L1\:_'=SJ_P*_8O^$NK2:+XM_:,UN/3_%6J6SM+#X:U34H-#TW1&C


MVP
=
CUK'P:P&&Q_&U2K647B
IRCCG.
?M]?\`!,N+QI!X
M6^,_[&GAKPW\,OVB?'BW1M5M?\`A&I-
^'VB:U87-Y`MUJUW]GBB&EWNDJC

\.IJ.MPJ
MY


)E-..:UL+;:3QT
OC





.H^%+B[1;F9XX+#5;&STB=XB6$%Y(


M&3NRUF;G0


M^
;4WBL_=.R?-2=FXQ27ZN^
]9T/P



(?%N1XF='-
!Q3

/Q)#.\TQ



MQ;Q/')



M62-6'P?_`
$\OV1?VD_V._C?\=/`MU?:;K/[(VN7:ZS\


M!AOY-&2;[6ED4;S0?)3
6I.X$_9=QCQ1#)
[R.*KYQDF:06+J^U]KQ#2I+




M0[:VBA_U\LJZ#J3P+;\9$LI4)&



NE94L]XGR[$Y)EF28VI*/O3^HX2I]:C#93B[Z


M3)8:OX[\`Z1IKS9.#$-7TC5%;'3:002#FO!_

ASR


7A
RQ%'EJ1;C*LFFKN






&FOFFT5]()J.4^'4I.T8^
7AVY?X


K3Z-\5OFF1J=/\`#VIWMRNMZY9QQ1+#&]PZPZAXR^'$
;_+






QJ^(N=X6KF



;9



M`&HY/BO9:C.&:Z/@;3-=71[C4(TP

XQ\L9AZD4U&7^KZWL[_D7C7Q!P;Q-Q_F_



MLIKQM_+*O3YXV5K3TLDDOXI/B-\/?BUJ/[57[=OQR^#&LW=IXT_9B^-VH?%A
MM


@K0BN7_;H2:VDO:?#;X_






ES=&G



:SY
-EC3IP2M*K&[


M

M['7P





:U+)


MO1E285=$4@


M_A7\WRC6I5IT*UFX7UM9J4)2C*+7=--/?5;L_L/#U
/B*.Q.'^=!6_PRA?




M`
%;/^2%?#W_`+*O+_ZCDE?EG^PY_P`G9_`KD#_BM=6Y;[H_XE6N\GV'?VK_
M`$-\(U?Z-G%J[Y'XB+[Z.`1_E=XY_P#*8O`?_8X\._\`U+K']38^_+_UT'\Q
NE&J
M^O2E5?Z'^IE7^%5_Z]5/_3=0_`7_`(*V?\EP^'__`&2W_P!W/5J_*QND?^XW

MBG^''TF_^3Y^)O\`V5N(_#(LH_S(J***_67L_1_DS\MSP?_P`C;X1_[&KP

M-
L_[&67_P#J?@C_`$=]




U4O-)LKI'EDL;%]H

C]%RWC[*LQX9PG#_'G!N'XLPF3*6'X6S&E


M_
EK]C^TG_P6+^+7@'3]0^&'B#X

M1:CX@U6ZLDEMK
6(70]-NI(GO)9?WLK?TN:#I.E^&M`TK1M
MEL=
TFUL]/T
MRT(7_0[:UMQ:0EV'3











N

5*$.



M!3\.
HS'(HYW+



VP[2%R?
`_5-X4D4E@6B


M[!O=;7\CBOAA%)%\/_`DCI*D\/@SPW`\

W\)&2K#+!64KG)X
M_#__`(+RV.IW_AW]E#^S-

;:;HADEGGP/L\:@
WG

HQ5[75G4_LJ
6F]%/=V
[1





M8+V'_A8WQ5D%Q;FX/E@G:
$YQD9&*_HA;`P)#GC';&.GN/_P!54ULK.'SS

XE5;60$%(#YS'T2$^:W(3YRM?


_-O&S
JX'*ACNR1TXKT.!N




'[.


0*?$.65
)5AA'A3#X.4I5*-2$6\13JMT6^=/GY;QTE;W;
M/\T_^M&G7EU^P;\=[?3K*[OKJ=O![I#9QS22HR^)_#8#(EOB:12S`A(
RL[

M=RS%X9-7N+6Z)97`3]_&0J@+(C;77^FMTB8


MASQ'F/'M?C_A;C6'#F85^&\MX7Q5*?!V'XFY\-E^)I5JMJ]6K3E!U(QJQYDF

M8XH]'0J=0L+ZZF2Q\*Z-I4MK+*NH:=:ZQK/B#6-/\ZUTNQDN[AEN/VF_8S_9
ML\/?LI?`[P-\%=%OCK-QX=MH[WQ'K$D9ZSXFOV6YU36XS





IKU%.J-!,L@5
MD:*175QE&0H0P8=U()##N,BI:CF+&4HN]Q%(43.-S!257(P1N.!D'O7S4W:



T^RTS3K33+&



M


_GQ
M7Q;Q%4=7

MT=L9/W:R-&6.VO2;O_@N-\-;GSTE_9?_`&@F26&

.-\+Q?Q1Q/






M7*H[)'Y[E/A#Q]PO4SZCPGXFPR/)N(N+
\XO6&GP?A^()IYR\14G16.K5X/#
<9<@YV9;\EO^].GZAJGPM_9O%AIFHZB8OB]

O+)2_G=^&7_``5^\<?!G1[?X<?MM?LS_%K0

MA?(8KVXU2X3^SKK2-.B+7_AK2=
$MU?Z]!#$)(TCB2+^F[4+2TO(E$UKI]T_
MRDBZ$!`(&
AI54GCOO(SD=Q5B&W@CBBCB$$:K)$PBA*+&C(1@J(@JLRGE
YP


N&
'6J4Z\%B\NX1JTH0P=



0
MRB1QR578Y9\9!RH&1SR1CCG'XYC*F(QU;



OP.$RC`Y;@L)*-#*

M;UNWS/B/7M-\-:!KGB+5%
6F^&M)UC6-0E6.29H;#1=/N-2O&6&+][*?(MI
M(X_G?!1.2*_!#_@D_P#?$OQZ_:._:E_;I^(.@ZK8W'BK6[_`

SJI\P
D8E!'!

M;Y9EV6P6.XTR[*\IQ^













MP.?4HPGC
RSK#T:E;ZSF-)TY5


X]*HW;\,7E@$=NBB0W`4
M@R$9V!V5C&201O!&P#?D``U\[P;Q6^$_[4PF*RO#\1<)YZX_ZR<.XC%RP].%
M2G_MQ$

I9GPWQAA
+#%8C*J&8)T:^`CA:LHT\5'%4G]7EAZC4:[J4Z;UJR3_!WQ%_


^


M5EAXT

M%
!@

D
B/$4



MYK'4[/:D8/\`29+:2



_X6SC#JIQ'PEBZM3#83-ZE)
MRK4LQGB:-2-3SP56K4Q=/%1C;#SH2J)NE!_3^(?A]A^-UE6+I9IB.'N*N$


M?+

@'`SCG'

AG4A0CA
NQ%





M+6AAVTJ\Z
:#:5=L_GG?_@O!X5_L06


^9(/GF_P?'P#^/WQ\_:\\6_\%!_VD_UY\/(
M)=/U#1_AEX0U.PU+1=1GDNK+_A']-F@T;6%$UCX9T'PO=SZ7I]X2EQKFJWD]
MX%8%L_OB+2R^T+J#166]C&KD6EM,YF/)$=P4W``@E&R2O&,]3M94D8/)B))
M(XP'YQ*YPB+@`;LYQR`





[H[J
MVA([BOY6_P!C?X1?&7X+?\%0_@-\)/BC:^(M1F^$WB/Q9X=\/ZVUAJMSX?F\


MW'C^


M;Q&\&


\?S^@X^XI_P!?





N]2LVFT/PYJ&E
MM


9CJD%3GBYYG7E


MU6=0RQ1XSNY&-S9!]3GID\-D



(5:;C9JK.ES2A)MX


M.Z/Y(?\`@EYX*^
'@[_@I+IW@[XS:3XF'BGX?_#3Q[\/K_5-9T;5+.R:W\-:
M5I-AH]UI&IR_N;S3M0TV:&6/)994DSR3S_6PTP1[@-SKD2?4CDDCT'`QT)




`?RQV.3;6J69ACC^6/`=E!X+37Z1]`.


JN3PE*4F[IP]E.+7*[N2U21M
H







M.FIH_GB\`?\`!8[5/A[HUMX'_:]_9O\`BWX+^).@A-*UG4M#\)W!TG7M4TU%





MQ;B*.





M.H_^#C5O_CM'

_^@3J/_@XU;_X[3)?@'\
$BD=])U#





M`K^O?!/Z0_`GA]P#@^'.(LKXOJ5Z.?YC5O34
1'V=3VJA+E52/M5+?V5DJD?




M
/\`ARG^P?U;P-X[_P##E^+/YF[_`
^M)_PY5_8

M^'-\6?\`R51_PY4_8-[^!O'6.^?B;XLQCOG_`$JM_P#B;SPWZY-QI;K^\I[=
M?^7O:X?\2*^+ZU_M7@[37_DIJW37_H'\C^
S*?W#_P!]_P#V-;GA`Q_\);X2

''H.O\`2O[&/^'*G[!'_0C^-_\`PYGBW_Y+JU8_\$8/


H5\9EV882A*HU[.-;%X#'86C*I^]?[N-;$TI5-





M`


_'+_A:W_!:S_HV[
M]EW_`



M#8__`*.WXR+_`+K_``Q_]1^./\`PM;_`(+6?]&W?LN_^%\O_P`T]'_UO\`
M@M9_T;=^R[_X7R__`#3U^QV]_P\W_?1_P`:-[_WF_[Z/^-'^NN$_PC9^$?





M^^F?CE_PM;_@M9_T;=^R[_X7R_\`S3T?\+6_X+6?]&W?LN_^%\O_`
T]?L=O





GU/YFJ_U




M:\X27$S
G_A^X8_\`H2/QT/Q6_PU.#_
M`





_'3_A:__!:[_HVS]EW_`
.*G_S1T?\`U_^UW_
M`$;9^R[_`.'$0_I_PD8S]

G_A^X8_^A(_''_A:W_!:S_HV[]E
$DFXS496?+9G^HV/\`
M^CM^,G_A^X8_^A(_'#_A:W_!:C_HVK]ES_POG_\`FIH_X6M_P6H_Z-J_9<_\
M+Y__`)J:_8[)]3^9HR?4_F:K_7/!?]$'P-_X;<U_^?X?ZBX__H[GC-_XD/#7
M_P!9^.0^*W_``6IR/\`C&K]ESK_`-#^X_7_`(2GCZ]NM/\`^%K?\%JNW[-7

M_AQ$/Z?\)&
_3(SZTW_A:W_!:S_HV[]EW_POE_\`FGK]CM[_`-YO^^C_`(T;
MW_O-_P!]'_&E_KKA/^C9^$G_`(B./_\`HF0WP-C_`/H[?C(O^Z_PQ_\`0D?C

;_OH_XT;W_O-_WT?\:/]=<)_P!&T\)H^<.$L?:
M\X27$S
G_A^X8_^A(_'3_A:W_!:K_HVG]E
MS_PXO_X3T'XK?\%JL?\`)M7[+@]_^%B9Q[X_X2?GZ=Z_8K)]3^9HW-ZG\S3_




?\`T)'XX?\`UO^U'_`$;5^RY_X7S_`/S4T?\`UO^U'_`$;5
M^RY_X7S_`/S4U^QV3ZG\S1D^I_


MX_\`Z.YXS?\`B0\-?_0F?CK_`
+6_PU7_1M/[+G_AQ?_PGH/Q6_PU6/^


?\`T)'X
MY_\`U_^UW_`$;9^R[_`.'$0_I_PD8S]
C/K3?^%K?\%K/^C;OV7?\`POE_

MW?LN_P#A?+_\T]?L=O?^\W_?1_QHWO\`WF_[Z/\`C1_KKA/^C9^$?_B(X_\`


M._2OV*R?4_F:





M;_@M9_T;=^R[_P%^H_7_A)SCZX./2G?\+7_`.UO?\`9L_9=([C_A8J]/P\

M
W&:WA):QDHRL^4?^HV/_PCM^,C_PZ_P`
?_0D?CH?BM_P6IP?^
:?V7.G

GU/YF





M_&3_`


M]YO^^C_C1_KKA/\`HV?A)_XB./\`_HF8_P#4;'_]';\9/_#_`

?_0D?CC_P
MM;_@M9_T;=^R[_X7R_\`S3T?\+6_X+5]_P!FW]ETCN/^$^'/MQXHS^7/I7['





MR[_X7R__`#3T#XK?\%K


M_P#Z.WXR?^'[AC_Z$C\=#\5O^U.#_QC3^RYT_Z*(3^G_3\_3OTJ/\`X6M_



MUG_1MW[+O_A?+_\`-/1_PM;_`(+6?]&W?LN_^%\O_P`T]?L=O?\`O-_WT?\`







)MWY=+OKL?__9
`
end







begin 644 logo04.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0```0`!``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H`#`,!``(1`Q$`/P#^_5W=0?P


.!

\ARQ/C



1_*/\`YY&?USQZ6_#OA9_X
M?N+?_F`^T?\`AI?]GG_HM_PH_P##@^%/_EM3O^&E/V?/^BV_K_PO_O_P`M
M:^*#_P`$?_\`@GF-Q_X4/!A026_X2GQF

M_P#!/





M/^%%IG#$#_A*_&/.SK@G6=O/\//(J;_ASQ_P3U_Z(?#_`.%;XP_^7=-X/PP_

;?\8]X6Z]\^XM_3`'VG_P`-*?L^?]%M^%7_`(7_

.#X4_^6U?%W_#GC_@GK_T0^'_PK?&'_P`N

MO^Z]Q=_\P'VE_P`-*?L^?]%M^%7_`(7_`(5_^6M'_#2G[/G_`$6WX5?^%_X5

!]J_\`
M#2G[/G_1;?A5_P%_P%?_EK1_PTI^SY_P!%M^%7_A?^%?\`Y:U\6?\`#GC_

/^AWQO_XC

MCU_T3OA8O^Z]Q;_\P'VM_P`-*?L^?]%M^%7_`(7_`(5_^6M'_#2G[/G_`$6W

!]H_\-+_





M`.8#[3_X:7_9Y_Z+?\*/_#@^%/\`Y;4?\-+_`+//_1;_`(4?^'!\*?\`RVKX



M7_AI3]GS_HMOPJ_\+_PK_P#+6C_AI3]GS_HMOPJ_\+_PK_\`+6OBS_ASQ_P3



/^AUQQ_XC^4?_/(7UOQZ




M_PSS_T6_P%'_AP?G_`,MJ/^&E_P!GG_HM_P`*/_#@^%/_`);5\6G_`((]
M_P#!/7G'P(MB1V'BSQ@-W3H6UL+WQR1T-(?^/G_``3S!`/P)MAGG/\`PE?C





N=I&
M#@9XS1]4\



__EW0


2C/_@X






_`N

Y*MK(8+VR



M4[_AI3]GS_HMOPJ_\+_PK_\`+6OBH?\`!'S_`()Z$9'P(MONYP?%?C$$'^[@


M_P!#KC?_`
1_*/\`YY$/%^/2_P:=\+'Z9]Q;_\`,!]K?\-*?L^?]%M^%7_A
M?^%?_EK1_P`-*?L^?]%M^%7_`(7_`(5_^6M?%G_#GC_@GK_T0^'_`,*WQA_\
MNZ/^'/'_``3U_PB'P_^%;XP_P#EW1]4\
/^AWQO_P(_E'_`,\A?7?'K_HG
M?S_`

M'X%PAN
C_A+?&;$9Z9*:TR_D31]3\

S!==;GV4M3%_X(]?\$\V!(^!<`&_
M8?%WC(!NG*_\3SE<\`\9(.!C!)]3\





/_EW3?\`ASM_P3T_Z(9;_P#A7^
O
M_EW1]4\
/^AWQO\`^(_E'_SR



M_#GC_@GG_P!$'LO_``KO&?\`\NZ/JGAA_P!#KC?_`








MIGW%W_S!_2UVU/M7_AI3]GS_`*+;\*O_``O_``K_`/+6F_\`#2_[//\`T6_X


M'O\`Z)WPL7KGW%W_`

MS_T6_P%'_AP?G_`



M&03@9(#_`



$@D'!QS3C_P1]_X)Y@!O^%$6Y!Y./%7C(LO'&Y/
M[:\SGI@*3ZX'-'U/PQ_Z'/''_B/Y1_\`/(/K?CU_T3WA7_X?N+O_`)@/M/\`


MY^!
(P`6SXN\9!5XS\SG6M@QW^8U(_\`P2`_X)YH/F^!-H/8^+_%ZG_Q[6P/










M]Q;TMM_L'3J?:G_#2O[/?_1;OA3_`.'`\*?_`VI?^&E/V?/^BV_K_PO_O
M_P`M:^*_^'/'_!//_H@]E_X5WC/_`.7=+_PYX_X)Z_\`1#X?_M\8?\`R[H^


M\



MHM_PH_\`#@^%/_EM1_PTO^SS_P!%O^%'_AP?G_RVKXO_P'//\`P3T_Z(5:

M&531]4\

MJ_\`_\`O\`\M:/^&E/V?/^BV_K_PO_O_`

L
M?13+KL:$_P#`A2+_`

W_
IKC#]:/J?AC_`-#G




MZ^+#_`
?^BW_C_PX/A3_`.6U?%`_X(_?\$\3M`^`UH2PR


M?M+_`+/F
O\`&OX4QGL#\1/!TA/_`'XUN4#\2/Y5\6+_`


/'

/5IQNKNC1KY7*&)DTV[.I346HIN7/[OZ-^%OB%X+


MY-C

)I8:OCH4*=6O!K5NG0J




D8EO[./4O*&KZW?6ILXXG4Q37$DA\TY:?_/FE]U33



M30;:ZL[K4-



M.GG

M^U)XENG@;[8O@CXI^


MCOA)^SKI_ARXUS5_B%X6\;^



M%^R/\0?AM\-(;NSM?%'Q`TCX@^%?&UCX3@O;FULTU;5M&T[RI8])MIKR
WEQ
M:3W4RI'

M






OQO/[1'PDTKXJ0^'KO


83$SP0R2&VC^A$
M)D4
CRG*Q

M
N0

_E)X:\+VG[)G[;ECX!^





-Y=JY#.&#(A&X@$$!U*AK
M[D5&+S'S#&$43OO+2G$2LIM`8RY!4-*$16!#LN#7Y2^#?AY:?MG_`!O_`&EM





ZW\6#X;NO%[Z5JF@:/;








M7=Y:ZEHMCXVU]NY-2LKRPDEENFL[U!


M(ZQ6_P`1=6U+3_#$6CS:X#J37$6E6.H:NMRV!]E$%A(CY*O+$IQ1RPZTJ;]5



M``AX@\07-_:Z!J4264DC_P!HP:9=R
R&%9#(V?H/X_V6L?%3]I?X.?L=V'BC
MQ)X+^$]M\'-3^*?Q#L/6JWWA_Q%XRTG2]87PSX9\)MK\P:A9:*^J1@7LEL





M;/
QYLA?;MW8\H69EWXR!%L\TLH3(KYS^//QP_X4IJ/P7LYO]]X@B^+GQD
M\-_E)HM4%BFA7GB6'5Y+;6GEN+#R)4A&E2B:V:6&4_:(/*WAI&7\N?!_P`9
M/C!XP_8]_9?^&Q^(/BK0O%7QS_:*USXZ_\`$R6^A/C[2O!/AWQ5XXM]4L)K


MW*#EAUITWZJ?Z55_278?L*'6A3EY2=9K\
3'\^B['[*_9IO[[_\`@2?_`)%K
M%U_6-.\+Z'K'B37M073=$T#3[O5-7UXN]L%E86-LUW=7,KV.(X849F(SR/
M3)KI#




C:%\`/B+\(/VBO@]HFCK_`
(/X2^)
M
FI:-XT_X1FWA`T&&R^(6F7EYI%W'JD**;&XO;A('C`;S(1'
(^0^*7Q[T[X



MX;ZYJG@G7/#'B'6]:^*



%W8S7\

M1:23R%XH6_@Z?X8)XGT71O^@\_[4(\-/X@LOC='X5^)]U:ZG\1#IX\0@3:


Q0D84&V`);'RY(!!!)'./BOQ_^U1XBM_B





MT=K2UEALB0R[F9%_0GXKVWAD?\$]O&%J38Q^'!^RFZPJTT1TY=%A^&H%@8M0

MZ?X;8M-?-ORL=G\=OVDH/A;=?#'P?X'\(ZW\7?BE\9WU1OAKX




MA[6^KTK_`
UZ_-]_UJWEK%_?J?K%]FF_OO\`^!)_^1:^$_V8?VW/G[1OCWX
ML?#)M#N?!/C7X9Z_JUG#I-]KD5]_PD_A[1]5N=%O-=TQX[&*1OL=Y:,+JW$'
MF+%/;.K&5(^S^$G[=7P

M/#I/_'SYNK7^GI8P


MU\0;7P7INF1ZKK.L^&?BIX`\4ZO:6
D?GR7-EH&G6KWNHQ6EMBZN?*X6#YE9



M/V9?V)?@?^SOJ7BOX
^%_C1X[E^$OB?59+[[9\0?!^D^`DO=2^(/A^T\0*\S

QUR*
M6.W2W#%Y%8`/H:!\/[3]LS]H;]IU?BYXI\7W/P]^'CC1/A3\/OAKX=\7ZKX





M_F==V]+8J._S\K=?M'X3?M?:UXI^+EC\OC%\$?&WP^)/B'P_K/B3P3!XBU
M[3O$_AKQ?IN@R[-5CTKQ!I5O:1F_LXO]
:TN;:$O:$
)4D(B/VYR=O[R3#JC

OCG]I[X_/\:/CGXC\.^'/B3^
UN;JRD
MG=3.]F5(K$^,)^!.M?'SXIV7QO\`B-\<OVAO$EM?V-IX4^#'P0TCXI#2_@SH
MRQETT/7+?P+X@L=%U?Q5?RN'CUF\U#4=QE\^PMSMI<L.E*FO)*:7_IU_F*5


-/



M

:
M?[%[9#G;]H;;C</-=2H()SMDM$9N!]V,.^2`%Y%-'F%6<Y**%)(E8R8:+SN






RF
77

MJL;:'9Z\-6;3HO!+:4;%;N34IK7_`(FHN[=KBR6Q+!IEN5\D_FU\6=#UG]IC

$^/'_B72M$


_2OQMXC;PAX+\4^
#;SZA%X8\
ZUXD
M$$5VR?;QHVCWFLS6\#/;Q1YDMK-A#)-+#;/)(D1N(F+
G$_`/XGO\;?@W\./

MX/BK^RM+^T+XN^*GQ



M/V9=?^%_@C1[OPYXGTG7=/U'0KBVU'6H]9$7VOPWX
U**S_L7PR_B%[G6+:7




M/Q$)ED@OP(Y;&WA9+AO.?&_[2?P&^/GQ6^(WB7XD?%WP3H/P^^`ECXT\*?`[

M'

'1P[=_J]);:)U[.W=/$M^NOI8_03P5^T[X8U7]EO

2(3+&Q


?`








M(=-BU;XH:5X2U.]\'Z;+;B\-[J*#=%`D#O%\IE@C.4+(F2WRFOAS_@FG\2

D3
\





MA3]I;XA:1X(T;4GU)]&O/#HU*VN6GGU+3IK&XGO;W2[BQNK+4H(I%C@N;:54
MFG39(WV40PC\TM
L8)W



)]6_9H\9^'/?@;XC:KK)B\9:KX-\3ZWX4U;2M'U'6=.6R=




MBA':G:WL:3\[3O\`?[9?)VOYE*CA[6^K47OJW7NKZ:6Q:6G31OS9[)X^_:C\



M;W






MQOIWPMT_6[%ITU#PSX





'1P[:?U:BNZ3Q



!-LMM??1X+
M6U9XVA/FC[=)9H6=DXP?_+NFO13_`/EK_


M'1[7PO\`#GPI8:/K.@QWL_@_6I+NZD\;:AXCCABC\(1:7#NC+.\]UISVZF?[





9R^6G_`,^:7W3T]/WWEY^5A.G0
M;N\-1?97KV6VW^UWZ+=ORMK?ZX^(O[2T7PH^#'@WXC^.?`WBJP\;^/+CP_X<
M\-?!FSU&POO&FH?$;Q[I!X)AN(9OL+7EC)'(VIS++):V\$;M#+=-MB;F/A[








B-\/?#S7/`G@/]K#]FJ/\`9W\.?M)^`/!7Q(U+

M'==I7+#I3@O)*:7_`*=?Y@Z5%O\`@TUV47627HGB'^;]3]QMS8SNFV&1(D=;
MI)!)(TOD.JB*!W'D3$1S
ZHB$Y#
H)#V^0#
K`M]Q6NO++L76)8P9+9%$CRL






]?T
MK6MU/5])M))K6VUY$L)+;6]*LY9=/@5E6/4+O?*1[A\2[;]K_X3_`^;]I]
M^


MF:AK$5RUSJD!B




MNZ3Y



MI0

M:OP2T+^R]=T_PC?_`!*^R0^#=:U+2]
TF;6C'X7MIMAEAMKN]VH*+0ZTJ;]
M5/3TM57Z@J-#6]G+MS.N[;JZMBHZZ];]-._Z6_&;]J*'X=^+O`'PI^''@G6

MXRI%


M#7X[:!\$M&T6+Q##X!\

M32C2M#B





M_P`6^$;B46U[JGA/QOHEG;Z9JCZ'=$6FMV





















M@$]C10!\6?ML_LLZ_P#M0_#[PWH/@WQG:_#_`


MSV.@ZG\+[GX;V4_E_+:P1Z$-)TJ]
2Q.J-;3A;R1HT=UD4

7B

K^HT4`?*?QQ_9^U_








/%5IXWATNSU)-


M(US8-9+9S!$D=RZ(B^J?LT?LXZK\&?\`A8?C3Q[XT/Q&^
WQD\16OB?XE^
!







35[Z;Q'?B[M;F]\EXA;1J6-QYDT<D<G$

]?5=%`'RE^UK^S-;_M-_#(^%[?7(_!WC_PUJD7BWX6?$);=KVZ\#^-=


MVBPU6-H[H+.2)%=0V^(\8D5&.=H%=;Y$H?*E`'.6*L$GB0@1I&F4SH6(DG
M5F6ZNLL
(K7*`/S.\


SK]7Z
M_P#L^:[K'[4_PH_:!CU_1XM&^'?PJ\9?#N[T![:^.KW\WB*\CN+.Z@U#=)&;
6L5G):SR;Y3<9?:OWS10!\2?K]D)M



M=QZ@JH]G'&[2K#\*OV;?BK/\:X/VB/VBO'?@_P`3^.O#_A;4/!GP]\'?#70[
5-P(5HIBSN[1@1H&
OSE

M$BF2VLYDA

-?@QXG7XC_#GXK2Q+J6MV_Q.:?4]2U/Q#XALI)?LVM:
M3XAU34=6T!C%;M:(D?G3M#&I_0B@#\\O\`AF;]HOXO^-/AKK'[4'Q-^%]_
MX(^$7B&P\8Z%X^#OAOQ9H-CXY\:Z1)Y^E^)?&MYKVLR265M:W):=?#%C%JV
MG;R6^VDNY.OXH_9L^.?@;XQ^//C!^S'\0_`&A)\7?[.O?B;\._BSI'BC7OM
MYXJTB

M\(Y;34?C#'K7[0
_QVT+]I*;Q]X@TBYU3P/_`
+&T+[/:Z)8^#+BYDM=,\&
M2:=G1Y+2*WN#Y/\`Q-/L)O3Y(D^*/[+'[6'QZC\`:G\3_C#\(]O?A?\1_A_

6B3%F6


M:'=Q0^++;20BG0M/UO4=
A0
\;S6ZO(TGZ-44`?FYX._86\4Z-\&OVM?@WXL


_BMX&T/]H;]G?78+[X-?$SP/X9OY-`&

M;X\?$'XM?#KXH_M.?$?X?:KIWP:O9]=^&_PV^$FA:SI'A@^
=0TY;*;QIXIU






MO&6N_#[P
M=XKT/XN?$[P]I)7/AO6;N_\`$$_A_P`
6NN!0=8O=*.K7*\K$DP9L_IC10!\
ME3_LWZC#^U3\/?COHVLZ#IWA#P)\#M;^$%MX4&FW3:P$O=5TR^TV2#4!+Y1L
M;2TFC9I)4N$801K#,\RIXC_9KNO%'[4T'QRU;5=%N?!;_LZ^(_@=JOA-[2

3^?'];44`?F)I/[(_[4_@K




MXC:*-!V7B']@[1[;X_SX5_#'QSJ7@KQQ\$_%-G\2/`'Q/N8;G4[^Y^)*MJ
M$^LZYXJTS[=';:M9^([N]\[4[.=KF/:HBDP-WZ44`?G[IO[-O[0WQ3^(WP
MV\9_M3?$OX;ZKX;^#VOQ^
O!O@#X/Z#XHT33==\?6.T:)XQ\::OK6I175XNC




0Y6+X2_LU_$X_&5_P!H?]HSQ]X7



2;[F
JJ.G





M(]PT:3O;1


Q*
7B?[^








M:5I1)MFV!#G^#/V;/CIXQ^
6EA<:G8&UBEFC$;NLR;?-:*&9U3<Z0NYV5O_

MGLY)8FECMY7A

?%?A;PM\3?@5


\


V?C[Q!\?\`
MQM^TIK6A_$GQ9\9M
U+P'X:72M+EMM
^$OPJBDN6\/\`A[P;+J8DN(-9BN&M





-%\:^%OB=


M\?\`:)=TF1=





 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/107% Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; margin: 0 0 8pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 2 &amp;#150; PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment is recorded at&#13;cost. The Company depreciates the equipment using the straight-line method over the useful lives of the equipment. The useful lives&#13;are estimated to be between 3 and 7 years. Depreciation expense amount for 12 months ended was $8,844 and $200 for the year ended&#13;December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31, 2014 and December 31,&#13;2013:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 64%; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12/31/2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 15%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;12/31/2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Furniture and fixtures&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Production equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;97,342&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total property and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;100,731&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,841&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: Accumulated depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(10,172&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(1,013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property and equipment, net.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;90,559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Impairment expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(828&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 10pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Property and equipment, net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;90,559&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 4 &amp;#150; STOCK PAYABLE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On April 26, 2012, The Company entered&#13;into an agreement with Iron ridge Global to settle $284,917 in liabilities. Pursuant to an order approving stipulation for settlement&#13;of claims between Ironridge and the Company, Ironridge is entitled to receive 1 million common shares plus that number of shares&#13;with an aggregate value equal to $332,748, divided by 70% of the following: the volume weighted average price of the issuer&amp;#146;s&#13;common stock over that number of consecutive trading days following the date of receipt required for the aggregate trading volume&#13;to exceed $1.75 million, not to exceed the arithmetic average of the individual daily volume weighted average prices of any five&#13;trading days during such period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Ironridge is prohibited from receiving&#13;any shares of common stock that would cause it to be deemed to beneficially own more than 9.99% of the Company&amp;#146;s total outstanding&#13;shares at any one time. Ironridge received an initial issuance of 97,150 shares, and may be required to return or be entitled to&#13;receive shares, based on the calculation summarized in the prior paragraph. For purposes of calculating the percent of class, the&#13;initial issuance to Ironridge was based upon a total of 875,491 shares of common stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance&#13;of shares to Ironridge, such that 97,150 shares issued would represent approximately 9.99% of the outstanding common stock after&#13;such issuance.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 5 &amp;#150; NOTES AND CONVERTIBLE&#13;NOTES PAYABLE&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Convertible notes payable consist of&#13;the following at December 31, 2014 and 2013. All common share data in this table has been adjusted for the reverse stock split.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;All common share data in this table&#13;have been adjusted for the reverse stock split.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On January 16, 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for $50,000. The note bears interest at 10 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $0.05 per share. In 2012, $30,000 of the note was converted to 17,595 shares of common stock of the Company. In 2013 the note maturity date was extended to September 30, 2014. Due to the features in this note, the Company could not determine if sufficient shares in the Company stock would be available to fulfill all conversion obligations .Accordingly a derivative liability was recorded for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 882%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On March 5, 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $45,000. In 2014 the note was modified into three notes of $15,000 each. The notes bear interest at 8 % are unsecured. The notes matured March 5, 2014 but were extended to June 30, 2014. One of the notes was sold to a third party and amended. Due to the amended features the Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 765%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. The remaining two $15,000 notes are also convertible into common stock at the market price but no derivative liability was recorded. In February 2014, the third party converted $5,000 of note into 16,955 shares of common stock of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10,015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;45,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On March 5, 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $45,000. In 2014 the note was modified into three notes of $15,000 each. The notes bear interest at 8 % are unsecured. The notes matured March 5, 2014 but were extended to June 30, 2014. One of the notes was sold to a third party and amended. Due to the amended features the Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 765%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. The remaining two $15,000 notes are also convertible into common stock at the market price but no derivative liability was recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On March 13, 2013 the Company executed three promissory notes for services provided totaling $109,500. The notes are payable upon demand and bear interest at 12 % and can be converted into common stock of the company at the average five day closing bid price multiplied by three. Note Amount Converted / (Average price x 3). On June 11, 2014 these notes were sold to Carebourn Capital. The new note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, or $0.0135 whichever is greater. Should this occur the conversion prices is reduced to the lower price. The company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025, volitility of 65% and an assumed dividend of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;109,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On September 11, 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $15,000 as payment to a service provider. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount of 35% off the average one day bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to the discount feature we have recorded a liability of $8,077, or put premium, as part of the carrying value of this note. The note is convertible at any time prior to maturity and bears interest at 6% per annum.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On October 29, 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $2,500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures April 29, 2014. The note is convertible at the lower of a discount of 35% off the prior day&amp;#146;s closing bid price or $0.01. The note also provided for purchase of 133,334 shares by execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of the note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 599%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On December 12, 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $53,000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock 180 days after issuance at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 368%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. Throughout 2014, the noteholder fully converted the note into 408,660 common shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;53,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On January 01, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $20,000 as payment to a service provider. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount of 35% off the average one day bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to the discount feature we have recorded a liability of $10,769, or put premium, as part of the carrying value of this note. The note is convertible at any time prior to maturity and bears interest at 6% per annum.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In February 2014, a note with a face value of $35,000 was sold to a third party. The accrued interest on the note of $4,710 was added to the principal amount purchased. The note was amended and the Company has recorded a derivative liability based upon the amended features. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025%, volatility of 304%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. Throughout 2014, the noteholder fully converted the note into 762,604 common shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In February 2014, a note notes with a face value of $22,000 was sold to a third party. In February 2014, the third party converted $11,000 of note into 24,445 shares of common stock of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On January 23, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $6,000. The note bears interest at 9.875 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average 3 day lowest closing sales price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, but no less that $0.0001. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 321%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On March 17, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $25,000. The note bears interest at 12 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 296%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. In November 2014, the third party converted $7,135 of note into 366,598 shares of common stock of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17,865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On February 04, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $53,000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock 180 days after issuance at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 308%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. Throughout 2014, the noteholder fully converted the note into 1,778,554 common shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On June 9, 2014 the company executed a promissory note for $30,000. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 42% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion. The company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025, volitility of 276% and an assumed dividend of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;30,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On June 11, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $86,500. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, or $0.0135 whichever is greater. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025, volitility of 276% and an assumed dividend of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;86,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On June 11, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $86,291 for the note plus interest on the note executed March 13, 2013. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, or $0.0135 whichever is greater. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025, volitility of 276% and an assumed dividend of 0%. In June 2014, the third party converted $13,319 of note into 56,000 shares of common stock of the Company. In July 2014, the third party converted $4,510 of note into 40,000 shares of common stock of the Company. In August 2014, the third party converted $5,077 of note into 93,334 shares of common stock of the Company. In September 2014, the third party converted $12,311 of note into 420,000 shares of common stock of the Company. In October 2014, the third party converted $14,111 of note into 655,334 shares of common stock of the Company. In November 2014, the third party converted $13,816 of note into 753,334 shares of common stock of the Company. In December 2014, the third party converted $4,670 of note into 626,667 shares of common stock of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,542&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On June 30, 2014 the company executed a promissory note for $88,500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the company. The note can be converted into common stock at the bid price on day prior to conversion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;88,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On August 8, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $50,000. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 35% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. Or the closing price of the issuer on the date of this note of $.001, whichever is lower.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On April 3, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $42,500. The note bears interest at 22% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, unless the Company sells or issues stock at a lower price than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion prices is reduced to the lower price. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025, volitility of 292% and an assumed dividend of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;42,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On July 8, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $42,500. The note bears interest at 22% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, unless the Company sells or issues stock at a lower price than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion prices is reduced to the lower price. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025, volitility of 270% and an assumed dividend of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;42,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On September 5, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $52,500. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, or the stock can be converted at $0.0135, whichever is greater.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;52,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On October 27, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $52,500. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, or the stock can be converted at $0.0135, whichever is greater.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;52,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On December 11, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $40,000. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 35% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. Or the closing price of the issuer on the date of this note of $.001.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;40,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Premium liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;29,846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unamortized debt discount on derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(248,811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(54,962&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total convertible notes outstanding, net of unamortized discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;388,957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;228,615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 3 &amp;#150; RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;At the time of his appointment Mr. Canouse&#13;received the 1 share of convertible Preferred B stock previously issued to a director. Also, during the three months ended June&#13;30, 2013, the Company issued 1 additional shares of convertible preferred B stock to Mr. Quirk when he joined the Company. The&#13;stock has no par value and is not traded publicly.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 6 &amp;#150; STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#146; EQUITY (DEFICIT)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The authorized common stock of the Company&#13;consist of 2,000,000,000 shares with a par value $0.00001. The Company also has 100,000,000 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred&#13;C stock authorized and 10 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred B stock authorized and 30,000,000 par value $0.00001 par value&#13;Preferred C stock authorized. The Company adjusted the par value and additional paid in capital accounts on its balance sheet at&#13;March 30, 2013 for common and Preferred A stocks.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Series A Preferred stock has been cancelled.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Series B Preferred&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Each one share of Series B Preferred&#13;has voting rights equal to four times the sum of all shares of common stock issued and outstanding at time of voting, plus all&#13;shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at time of voting, divided by the number of shares of Series B Preferred&#13;Stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;By unanimous written consent of the&#13;Board, the Board issued an aggregate of two (2) shares of Series B Preferred, to two individuals (the &amp;#148;Series B Stockholders&amp;#148;).&#13;As a result of the voting rights granted to the Series B Preferred, the Series B Stockholders together hold in the aggregate approximately&#13;80% of the total voting power of all issued and outstanding voting capital of the Company.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Series C Preferred&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Series C Preferred Stock has voting&#13;rights of one vote per share owned. The Preferred C stock is convertible into common stock of the Company at the rate of 0.10 per&#13;common share for each share of Preferred C stock. The holders of Series C Preferred stock are entitled to receive any dividend&#13;declared by the Board of Directors.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Upon any liquidation, dissolution or&#13;winding up of the Corporation, whether voluntary or involuntary, before any distribution or payment. shall be made to the holders&#13;of any stock ranking junior to the Series B Preferred Stock, the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to be&#13;paid out of the assets of the Corporation an amount equal to $1.00 per share or, in the event of an aggregate subscription by a&#13;single subscriber for Series B Preferred Stock in excess of $100,000, $0.997 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations,&#13;splits, recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares) (the &amp;#34;Preference Value&amp;#34;), plus all declared but unpaid&#13;dividends, for each share of Series B Preferred Stock held by them. After the payment of the full applicable Preference Value of&#13;each share of the Series B Preferred Stock as set forth herein, the remaining assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution,&#13;if any, shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Corporation's Common Stock.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Stock&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company also issued 3,333 (500,000&#13;pre-split shares) shares of common stock to a service provider which was recorded at fair market value of $2,950. The Company issued&#13;an additional 66,667 shares in November 2014 to a service provider and recorded it at fair market value of $2,000. Effective January&#13;2015, the Company completed a 1 for 150 reverse stock split. All of the shares and per share amounts have been adjusted to reflect&#13;the split.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the Company issued 163,065 (24,459,750 pre-split shares) shares of common stock in conjunction with the settlement agreement with&#13;Ironridge Global, previous discussed. The stock was recorded at $77,551 but had a fair market value of $170,648. The Company recorded&#13;a gain on this issuance of $93,097. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 20,000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $199. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 36,000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $317. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 40,000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $316. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 33,333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $475. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 60,000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $211. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 80,000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $182. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 100,000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $153. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 113,333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $143. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 126,667 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $67. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 145,333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $138. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 153,333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $47. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 156,667 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $65. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 200,000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $80. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 233,333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $55. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 226,667 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $78. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 293,333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $30. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 293,333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $40. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 333,333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86,292 plus&#13;accrued interest of $8. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 40,000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $4,488 plus&#13;accrued interest of $25. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 40,000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $4,448 plus&#13;accrued interest of $47. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 120,000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $3,960 plus&#13;accrued interest of $107. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 33,667 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $15,500 plus&#13;accrued interest of $116. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 20,067 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $15,500 plus&#13;accrued interest of $11. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 53,333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $2,033. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 66,667 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $72. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 67,054 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $77. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 60,476 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $28. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 109,180 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $18. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 51,950 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $4. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 143,243 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $2,277. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 143,243 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $89. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 143,077 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $89. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 143,137 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $111. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 143,077 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $43. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 143,030 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $49. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 143,111 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $30. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 143,137 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $21. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 143,194 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $14. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 143,182 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $12. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 143,182 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $14. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 203,939 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $3. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 16,955 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $15,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $247. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 24,444 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $22,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $72. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 136,333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $25,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $1,932. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 230,265 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $25,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $126. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 24,660 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39,709 plus&#13;accrued interest of $505. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 28,533 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39,709 plus&#13;accrued interest of $192. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 35,253 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39,709 plus&#13;accrued interest of $261. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 37,100 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39,709 plus&#13;accrued interest of $118. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 39,053 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39,709 plus&#13;accrued interest of $49. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 75,313 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39,709 plus&#13;accrued interest of $43. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 81,000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39,709 plus&#13;accrued interest of $60. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 113,193 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39,709 plus&#13;accrued interest of $24. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 119,133 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39,709 plus&#13;accrued interest of $6. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 125,333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39,709 plus&#13;accrued interest of $10. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 84,031 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39,709 plus&#13;accrued interest of $3. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 17,760 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $15,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $74. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 18,693 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $15,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $75. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 11,952 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $15,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $28. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2014,&#13;the company issued 200,000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $15,000 plus&#13;accrued interest of $10. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;All the above conversions were generally&#13;done based on the contractual terms within the agreements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2013,&#13;the Company issued 324,892 shares of common stock and cancelled 133,333 shares of common stock.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;During the year ended December 31, 2013,&#13;the Company issued 15,046 shares of common stock to service providers, 191,174 shares of common stock in conjunction with the conversion&#13;of promissory notes, 118,667 shares of common stock in to IronRidge Global under an agreement previous described in this filing,&#13;and 4 shares of common stock in conjunction with the rounding of shares produced by the reverse stock split previously described&#13;in this filing.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company also recorded the cancellation&#13;of previous reported treasury stock with a book value of $208.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;Common Stock Warrants&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company did not issue any warrants&#13;during the year ended December 31, 2014.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On September 26, 2013 the Company issued&#13;a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase of 26,667 shares of common stock&#13;of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on September 26, 2015. The fair value of the warrant was estimated, at the&#13;date of the grant at $140,000 using the Black-Sholes option &amp;#150;pricing model with the following assumptions: risk free interest&#13;rate of 0.01 %, volatility factor of 720%, and an expected life of two years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On October 21, 2013 the Company issued&#13;a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase of 2,667 shares of common stock&#13;of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on October 21, 2015. The fair value of the warrant was estimated, at the&#13;date of the grant at $5,600 using the Black-Sholes option &amp;#150;pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest&#13;rate of 0.01 %, volatility factor of 598%, and an expected life of two years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On October 29, 2013 the Company issued&#13;a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase of 889 shares of common stock of&#13;the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on October 29, 2015. The fair value of the warrant was estimated, at the date&#13;of the grant at $3,099 using the Black-Sholes option &amp;#150;pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate&#13;of 0.011 %, volatility factor of 599%, and an expected life of two years.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The following table sets forth common share purchase warrants&#13;outstanding as of December 31, 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding warrants December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrant granted September 26, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,000,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrant granted October 21, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;400,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrant granted October 29, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;133,334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding warrants December 31, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,533,334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,533,334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 8 &amp;#150; INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;As of December 31, 2014, the Company&#13;had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately ($8,600,000) that may be available to reduce our tax liability through tax&#13;year 2034. We estimate the benefits of this loss carry forward at $3,354,000 if the Company produces sufficient taxable income.&#13;No adjustments to the financial statements have been recorded for this potential tax benefit.&amp;#160;The Company has no provisions&#13;from income tax in 2014, due to current period losses and full valuation allowance on deferred tax assets.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A reconciliation of the federal statutory&#13;rate of 35% to the Company&amp;#146;s effective tax rate is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected expense (benefit) (35%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(386,865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(217,289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State income taxes net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(45,514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;61,199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;41,466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Effect of increased- State tax rate on valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(433,581&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;804,761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;175,823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accrued expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The cumulative tax effect at the expected&#13;rate of 35% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as of December 31, 2014 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax asset attributable to:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss carryover&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,354,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,549,239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(3,354,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,549,239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0 0 0 4.65pt; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 12 &amp;#150; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On January 20, 2015 the Company signed&#13;a National distribution agreement with United Natural Foods, Inc. to distribute Harvest Soul Chewable Juices.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On February 1, 2015 the Company entered&#13;into a 90 day exclusive agreement with Whole Foods Market to sell Harvest Soul Chewable Juices in their Southern Region.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/106% Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 17, 2015 the Company signed a&#13;convertible note with Carebourn Capital, LP for $28,000 in proceeds. This note carries an annual percentage rate of 12% and with&#13;a maturity date of March 17, 2016.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;ACCOUNTING BASIS&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Fresh Promise Foods Inc. considers all&#13;highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;CASH FLOWS REPORTING&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;USE OF ESTIMATES&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;REVENUE RECOGNITION&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Nature of Business&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Fresh Promise Foods is a consumer products&#13;and marketing company focused on the high-margin multi-billion dollar health and wellness food and beverage sectors. Under its&#13;wholly owned subsidiary, Harvest Soul Inc., the Company is building a production facility in Atlanta, GA. and has launched two&#13;new flavors of Harvest Soul Chewable Juices in the organic all-natural juice category.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 15, 2013 all officers and directors&#13;resigned from the Company and Mr. Joseph C. Canouse was appointed President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On April 17, 2013 Mr. Kevin P. Quirk&#13;joined the Company and was appointed President, Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Canouse, who continued as a Director, assumed the&#13;title of Chief Financial Officer.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Effective August 5, 2013 the Company&#13;completed a 1 for 100 reverse stock split, which reduced the number of issued and outstanding common shares from 2,903,888,889&#13;to approximately 29,039,066. Fractional shares produced as a result of this reverse stock split were rounded up to the next whole&#13;share. The consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse stock split.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On September 26, 2013 the name of the&#13;Company was changed to Fresh Promise Foods, Inc. and the Company also reduced the number of authorized shares of common stock from&#13;four billion (4,000,000,000) to four hundred seventy five million (475,000,000).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On May 28, 2014, the Company increased&#13;the number of authorized shares of common stock to nine hundred seventy five million shares (975,000,000) from four hundred seventy&#13;five million (475,000,000).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On June 2, 2014, Joseph C. Canouse resigned&#13;as Chairman of the Board of Directors (the &amp;#147;Board&amp;#148;) of Fresh Promise Foods, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;),&#13;and as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Canouse informed the Company that his decision to resign was not the result&#13;of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company&amp;#146;s operations, policies or practices.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On June 4, 2014, the Board approved&#13;by unanimous written consent the appointment of Scott Martin as a member of the Board and Secretary of the Company, effective as&#13;of such date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On June 4, 2014, the Board also approved&#13;by unanimous written consent the appointment of Mr. Kevin P. Quirk as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Quirk currently serves as Chief&#13;Executive Officer &amp;#38; Chief Financial Officer of the Company and a director and will retain his current positions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On September 1, 2014, the Company increased&#13;the number of authorized shares of common stock to two billion shares (2,000,000,000) from nine hundred seventy five million shares&#13;(975,000,000).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/115% Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 9 &amp;#150; FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has adopted the guidance&#13;under ASC Topic 820 for financial instruments measured on a fair value on a recurring basis. ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value&#13;hierarchy, giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority to unobservable data and requires&#13;disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level in the hierarchy. Further authoritative accounting&#13;guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820, provides clarification that in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active&#13;market for the identical liabilities is not available, a reporting entity is required to measure fair value using one or more of&#13;the techniques provided for in this update.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The standard describes a fair value&#13;hierarchy based on three levels of input, of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable, that may&#13;be used to measure fair value, which are the following:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Level 1 &amp;#150; Quoted prices in active&#13;markets for identical assets and liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Level 2 &amp;#150; Input other than Level&#13;1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, such as quoted prices for similar assets of liabilities; quoted prices in&#13;markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially&#13;the full term of the asset or liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Level 3 &amp;#150; Unobservable inputs&#13;that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Our assessment of the significance of&#13;a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset&#13;or liability.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company analyzes all financial instruments&#13;with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480, &amp;#147;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&amp;#148; and ASC 815, &amp;#147;Derivatives&#13;and Hedging&amp;#148;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end, with any increase or decrease&#13;in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions&#13;between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving at the over- all fair value of the financial instruments.&#13;In addition, the fair value of free standing derivative instruments such as warrant and option derivatives are valued using the&#13;Black-Scholes modes.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company uses Level 3 inputs for&#13;its valuation methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value were determined by using the Black&#13;Scholes option-pricing model based on various assumptions. The Company&amp;#146;s derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair&#13;value at each period end, with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments&#13;to fair value of derivatives.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quoted prices in&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Significant &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;Significant&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Active Markets for&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Observable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;Unobservable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Identical Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inputs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;Inputs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;12/31/2014 &amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Level l)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;(Level 3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Convertible promissory notes with embedded conversion option&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;584,856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;584,856 &amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;584,856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;584,856 &amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following table sets forth a summary&#13;of change in fair value of our derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2013:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;156,549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Change in fair value of embedded conversion features of convertible promissory notes and warrants included in earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(621,433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Embedded conversion option &lt;i&gt;&amp;#38; &lt;/i&gt;warrant liability recorded in connection with the issuance of convertible promissory notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,135,190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Change in fair value of embedded conversion features of convertible promissory notes due to conversion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(85,450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Ending balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;584,856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 1 &amp;#150; NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT&#13;ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;Nature of Business&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Fresh Promise Foods is a consumer products&#13;and marketing company focused on the high-margin multi-billion dollar health and wellness food and beverage sectors. Under its&#13;wholly owned subsidiary, Harvest Soul Inc., the Company is building a production facility in Atlanta, GA. and has launched two&#13;new flavors of Harvest Soul Chewable Juices in the organic all-natural juice category.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On March 15, 2013 all officers and directors&#13;resigned from the Company and Mr. Joseph C. Canouse was appointed President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On April 17, 2013 Mr. Kevin P. Quirk&#13;joined the Company and was appointed President, Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Canouse, who continued as a Director, assumed the&#13;title of Chief Financial Officer.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Effective August 5, 2013 the Company&#13;completed a 1 for 100 reverse stock split, which reduced the number of issued and outstanding common shares from 2,903,888,889&#13;to approximately 29,039,066. Fractional shares produced as a result of this reverse stock split were rounded up to the next whole&#13;share. The consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse stock split.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On September 26, 2013 the name of the&#13;Company was changed to Fresh Promise Foods, Inc. and the Company also reduced the number of authorized shares of common stock from&#13;four billion (4,000,000,000) to four hundred seventy five million (475,000,000).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On May 28, 2014, the Company increased&#13;the number of authorized shares of common stock to nine hundred seventy five million shares (975,000,000) from four hundred seventy&#13;five million (475,000,000).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On June 2, 2014, Joseph C. Canouse resigned&#13;as Chairman of the Board of Directors (the &amp;#147;Board&amp;#148;) of Fresh Promise Foods, Inc., a Nevada corporation (the &amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;),&#13;and as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Canouse informed the Company that his decision to resign was not the result&#13;of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company&amp;#146;s operations, policies or practices.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On June 4, 2014, the Board approved&#13;by unanimous written consent the appointment of Scott Martin as a member of the Board and Secretary of the Company, effective as&#13;of such date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On June 4, 2014, the Board also approved&#13;by unanimous written consent the appointment of Mr. Kevin P. Quirk as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Quirk currently serves as Chief&#13;Executive Officer &amp;#38; Chief Financial Officer of the Company and a director and will retain his current positions.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;On September 1, 2014, the Company increased&#13;the number of authorized shares of common stock to two billion shares (2,000,000,000) from nine hundred seventy five million shares&#13;(975,000,000).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In January 1, 2015 the Company completed&#13;a 1 for 150 reverse stock split. All share and per share have been presented to give retroactive effective for this reverse stock&#13;split.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;ACCOUNTING BASIS&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company uses the accrual basis of&#13;accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&amp;#147;GAAP accounting&amp;#148;). The Company&#13;has adopted a December 31 fiscal year end.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;PRINCIPLES OF CONSOLIDATION&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The consolidated financial statements&#13;include the financial statements of Fresh Promise Foods Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul Inc. All significant&#13;inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated upon consolidation.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Fresh Promise Foods Inc. considers all&#13;highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company places its cash with a high&#13;credit quality financial institution. The Company&amp;#146;s account at this institution is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance&#13;Corporation (&amp;#147;FDIC&amp;#148;) up to $250,000. For the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company has not reached bank&#13;balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial institution, the&#13;Company evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;CASH FLOWS REPORTING&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company follows ASC 230, Statement&#13;of Cash Flows, for cash flows reporting, classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating, investing,&#13;or financing activities and provides definitions of each category, and uses the indirect or reconciliation method (&amp;#147;Indirect&#13;method&amp;#148;) as defined by ASC 230, Statement of Cash Flows, to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net&#13;loss to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating&#13;cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are&#13;included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s financial instruments&#13;are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate prevailing market&#13;rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;USE OF ESTIMATES&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The preparation of financial statements&#13;in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the&#13;reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the financial statements&#13;and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;INVENTORIES&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Inventories consist of bottles, closures,&#13;labels and boxes as well as certain raw materials that go into the production of the final product. Inventory is stated at the&#13;lower of the cost or market. Cost is determined on the average cost method. Inventories are reviewed and reconciled periodically.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s has no Accounts&#13;Receivables. The Company charges off receivables if they determine that the amount is no longer collectible. The allowance for&#13;doubtful accounts was zero at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013. Bad debt expense related to customer receivables for the&#13;period ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 was zero and zero respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;NET INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Net income (loss) per share is calculated&#13;in accordance with FASB ASC 260, &amp;#147;Earnings per Share.&amp;#148; Basic net income (loss) per common share is based on the weighted&#13;average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31, 2014 and 2013. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by&#13;dividing the Company&amp;#146;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding&#13;during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for&#13;any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31, 2014 and 2013, the Company had convertible notes and warrants outstanding&#13;that could be converted into approximately 126,836,204 and 612,902, common shares based up the closing bid price of the company&amp;#146;s&#13;common stock at December 31, 2014 and 2013 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;REVENUE RECOGNITION&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company derives revenue from the&#13;sale of its products. The Company follows paragraph ASC 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue&#13;recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized&#13;or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, (ii) the&#13;product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer, (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable, and&#13;(iv) collectability is reasonably assured.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;SHARE-BASED EXPENSE&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;ASC 718, Compensation &amp;#150; Stock&#13;Compensation, prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services&#13;are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities, or issuing or offering to issue shares, options, and other equity instruments&#13;such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee&#13;stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized&#13;over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service&#13;period (usually the vesting period).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for stock-based&#13;compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50, Equity &amp;#150; Based Payments&#13;to Non-Employees. Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is&#13;more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based&#13;payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Share-based expense for the 12 months&#13;ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 totaled $4,950 and $29,570, respectively.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=text-transform: uppercase&gt;Website&#13;Development Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for website development&#13;costs in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 350-50 &amp;#147;Website Development Costs&amp;#148;. Accordingly, all costs&#13;incurred in the planning stage are expensed as incurred, costs incurred in the website application and infrastructure development&#13;stage that meet specific criteria are capitalized and costs incurred in the day to day operation of the website are expensed as&#13;incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company placed into service its&#13;main website (www.freshpromisefoods.com) in 2013. All costs associated with these websites are subject to straight-line amortization&#13;over there expected useful life, a five year period.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Except for rules and interpretive releases&#13;of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered standards, the FASB Accounting Standards&#13;Codification&amp;#153; (&amp;#147;ASC&amp;#148;) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature recognized by the FASB and applicable&#13;to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes any effect will not have a material&#13;impact on the Company&amp;#146;s present or future financial statements.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes&#13;pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10, &amp;#147;Accounting for Income Taxes,&amp;#148; which requires, among other things, an asset&#13;and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the&#13;tax bases of assets and liabilities&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A valuation allowance is provided to&#13;offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not&#13;be realized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company follows the provisions of&#13;the ASC 740 -10 related to, Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that&#13;some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about&#13;the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance&#13;of ASC 740-10, the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all&#13;available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including&#13;the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.&#13;Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is&#13;more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits&#13;associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for&#13;uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable&#13;to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon&#13;examination. As such, the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 7 &amp;#150; GOING CONCERN&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company&amp;#146;s consolidated financial&#13;statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern&#13;which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not&#13;yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating cost and allow it to continue as a going concern.&#13;The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating&#13;losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital, it could be forced to cease operations.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has incurred a net loss&#13;of $1,147,555 for the year ended December 31, 2014 and the Company had an accumulated deficit of $8,756,066 and a working capital&#13;deficit of $1,680,346 at December 31, 2014. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#146;s ability to continue&#13;as a going concern.&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;In order to continue as a going concern,&#13;the Company will need, among other things, additional capital resources. Management&amp;#146;s plan to obtain such resources for the&#13;Company include, obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses.&#13;However, management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;INVENTORIES&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;SHARE-BASED EXPENSE&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;ASC 718, Compensation &amp;#150; Stock&#13;Compensation, prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services&#13;are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities, or issuing or offering to issue shares, options, and other equity instruments&#13;such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees, including grants of employee&#13;stock options, are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized&#13;over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award, known as the requisite service&#13;period (usually the vesting period).&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for stock-based&#13;compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50, Equity &amp;#150; Based Payments&#13;to Non-Employees. Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is&#13;more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based&#13;payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=text-transform: uppercase&gt;Website&#13;Development Costs&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for website development&#13;costs in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 350-50 &amp;#147;Website Development Costs&amp;#148;. Accordingly, all costs&#13;incurred in the planning stage are expensed as incurred, costs incurred in the website application and infrastructure development&#13;stage that meet specific criteria are capitalized and costs incurred in the day to day operation of the website are expensed as&#13;incurred.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;All common share data in this table&#13;have been adjusted for the reverse stock split.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On January 16, 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for $50,000. The note bears interest at 10 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $0.05 per share. In 2012, $30,000 of the note was converted to 17,595 shares of common stock of the Company. In 2013 the note maturity date was extended to September 30, 2014. Due to the features in this note, the Company could not determine if sufficient shares in the Company stock would be available to fulfill all conversion obligations .Accordingly a derivative liability was recorded for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 882%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On March 5, 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $45,000. In 2014 the note was modified into three notes of $15,000 each. The notes bear interest at 8 % are unsecured. The notes matured March 5, 2014 but were extended to June 30, 2014. One of the notes was sold to a third party and amended. Due to the amended features the Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 765%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. The remaining two $15,000 notes are also convertible into common stock at the market price but no derivative liability was recorded. In February 2014, the third party converted $5,000 of note into 16,955 shares of common stock of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;10,015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;45,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 11pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On March 5, 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $45,000. In 2014 the note was modified into three notes of $15,000 each. The notes bear interest at 8 % are unsecured. The notes matured March 5, 2014 but were extended to June 30, 2014. One of the notes was sold to a third party and amended. Due to the amended features the Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 765%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. The remaining two $15,000 notes are also convertible into common stock at the market price but no derivative liability was recorded.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On March 13, 2013 the Company executed three promissory notes for services provided totaling $109,500. The notes are payable upon demand and bear interest at 12 % and can be converted into common stock of the company at the average five day closing bid price multiplied by three. Note Amount Converted / (Average price x 3). On June 11, 2014 these notes were sold to Carebourn Capital. The new note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, or $0.0135 whichever is greater. Should this occur the conversion prices is reduced to the lower price. The company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025, volitility of 65% and an assumed dividend of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;109,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On September 11, 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $15,000 as payment to a service provider. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount of 35% off the average one day bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to the discount feature we have recorded a liability of $8,077, or put premium, as part of the carrying value of this note. The note is convertible at any time prior to maturity and bears interest at 6% per annum.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;15,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On October 29, 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $2,500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures April 29, 2014. The note is convertible at the lower of a discount of 35% off the prior day&amp;#146;s closing bid price or $0.01. The note also provided for purchase of 133,334 shares by execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of the note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 599%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On December 12, 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $53,000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock 180 days after issuance at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 368%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. Throughout 2014, the noteholder fully converted the note into 408,660 common shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;53,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On January 01, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $20,000 as payment to a service provider. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount of 35% off the average one day bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to the discount feature we have recorded a liability of $10,769, or put premium, as part of the carrying value of this note. The note is convertible at any time prior to maturity and bears interest at 6% per annum.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;20,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In February 2014, a note with a face value of $35,000 was sold to a third party. The accrued interest on the note of $4,710 was added to the principal amount purchased. The note was amended and the Company has recorded a derivative liability based upon the amended features. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025%, volatility of 304%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. Throughout 2014, the noteholder fully converted the note into 762,604 common shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;In February 2014, a note notes with a face value of $22,000 was sold to a third party. In February 2014, the third party converted $11,000 of note into 24,445 shares of common stock of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;11,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On January 23, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $6,000. The note bears interest at 9.875 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average 3 day lowest closing sales price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, but no less that $0.0001. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 321%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;6,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On March 17, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $25,000. The note bears interest at 12 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 296%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. In November 2014, the third party converted $7,135 of note into 366,598 shares of common stock of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;17,865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On February 04, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $53,000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock 180 days after issuance at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025, volatility of 308%, and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. Throughout 2014, the noteholder fully converted the note into 1,778,554 common shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 62%; text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On June 9, 2014 the company executed a promissory note for $30,000. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 42% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion. The company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025, volitility of 276% and an assumed dividend of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;30,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 16%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On June 11, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $86,500. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, or $0.0135 whichever is greater. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025, volitility of 276% and an assumed dividend of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;86,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On June 11, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $86,291 for the note plus interest on the note executed March 13, 2013. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, or $0.0135 whichever is greater. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025, volitility of 276% and an assumed dividend of 0%. In June 2014, the third party converted $13,319 of note into 56,000 shares of common stock of the Company. In July 2014, the third party converted $4,510 of note into 40,000 shares of common stock of the Company. In August 2014, the third party converted $5,077 of note into 93,334 shares of common stock of the Company. In September 2014, the third party converted $12,311 of note into 420,000 shares of common stock of the Company. In October 2014, the third party converted $14,111 of note into 655,334 shares of common stock of the Company. In November 2014, the third party converted $13,816 of note into 753,334 shares of common stock of the Company. In December 2014, the third party converted $4,670 of note into 626,667 shares of common stock of the Company.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;5,542&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On June 30, 2014 the company executed a promissory note for $88,500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the company. The note can be converted into common stock at the bid price on day prior to conversion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;88,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On August 8, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $50,000. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 35% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. Or the closing price of the issuer on the date of this note of $.001, whichever is lower.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;50,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On April 3, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $42,500. The note bears interest at 22% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, unless the Company sells or issues stock at a lower price than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion prices is reduced to the lower price. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025, volitility of 292% and an assumed dividend of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;42,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On July 8, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $42,500. The note bears interest at 22% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, unless the Company sells or issues stock at a lower price than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion prices is reduced to the lower price. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025, volitility of 270% and an assumed dividend of 0%.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;42,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On September 5, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $52,500. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, or the stock can be converted at $0.0135, whichever is greater.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;52,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On October 27, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $52,500. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion, or the stock can be converted at $0.0135, whichever is greater.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;52,500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;On December 11, 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $40,000. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 35% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. Or the closing price of the issuer on the date of this note of $.001.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;40,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Premium liability&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;29,846&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;8,077&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Unamortized debt discount on derivative liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(248,811&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(54,962&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%; font-size: 12pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total convertible notes outstanding, net of unamortized discounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;388,957&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;228,615&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment consisted of&#13;the following at December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2013:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A reconciliation of the federal statutory&#13;rate of 35% to the Company&amp;#146;s effective tax rate is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Expected expense (benefit) (35%)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(386,865&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(217,289&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;State income taxes net of federal benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(45,514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Permanent differences&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;61,199&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;41,466&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Effect of increased- State tax rate on valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(433,581&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;804,761&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;175,823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Accrued expense (benefit)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The cumulative tax effect at the expected&#13;rate of 35% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as of December 31, 2014 and 2011:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Deferred tax asset attributable to:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net operating loss carryover&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;3,354,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;2,549,239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(3,354,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(2,549,239&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Net deferred tax asset&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company uses Level 3 inputs for&#13;its valuation methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value were determined by using the Black&#13;Scholes option-pricing model based on various assumptions. The Company&amp;#146;s derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair&#13;value at each period end, with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments&#13;to fair value of derivatives.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=8 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fair Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Quoted prices in&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Significant &lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Other&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;Significant&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Active Markets for&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Observable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;Unobservable&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Identical Assets&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Inputs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;Inputs&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;12/31/2014 &amp;#160;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Level l)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;(Level 2)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;&amp;#160;(Level 3)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 43%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Convertible promissory notes with embedded conversion option&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;584,856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 9%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; padding-bottom: 1.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 10%; border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;584,856 &amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;584,856&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&amp;#160;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The following table sets forth a summary&#13;of change in fair value of our derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2013:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 79%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Beginning balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 18%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;156,549&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Change in fair value of embedded conversion features of convertible promissory notes and warrants included in earnings&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(621,433&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Embedded conversion option &lt;i&gt;&amp;#38; &lt;/i&gt;warrant liability recorded in connection with the issuance of convertible promissory notes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;1,135,190&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Change in fair value of embedded conversion features of convertible promissory notes due to conversion&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;(85,450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Ending balance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;The following table sets forth common share purchase warrants&#13;outstanding as of December 31, 2014 and 2013:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: center; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Calibri
 Helvetica
 Sans-Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=6 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding warrants December 31, 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;-&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 72%; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrant granted September 26, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,000,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrant granted October 21, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;400,000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Warrant granted October 29, 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;133,334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Outstanding warrants December 31, 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,533,334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;0.02&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;Common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif&gt;4,533,334&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 2.25pt double; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0&gt;&lt;b&gt;NOTE 10 &amp;#150; CAPITAL LEASE OBLIGATIONS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company has entered into several&#13;capital lease obligations to purchase equipment used for operations. The Company will own the equipment at the end of the leasing&#13;term. The underlying assets and related depreciation were included in the appropriate fixed asset category, and related depreciation&#13;account.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment includes the&#13;following amounts for leases that have been capitalized as of December 31, 2014:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; width: 100%; border-collapse: collapse&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;Useful Life (Years)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;December 31, 2014&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;December 31, 2013&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=2 style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 41%; line-height: 115%&gt;Production Equipment&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;5&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;49,163&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 17%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #CCEEFF&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;Less accumulated depreciation&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;(819&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;48,344&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1.5pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;-&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;/table&gt;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Future minimum payments required under&#13;capital leases at December 31, 2014 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Property and equipment includes the&#13;following amounts for leases that have been capitalized as of December 31, 2014:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;Future minimum payments required under&#13;capital leases at December 31, 2014 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;INCOME TAXES&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company accounts for income taxes&#13;pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10, &amp;#147;Accounting for Income Taxes,&amp;#148; which requires, among other things, an asset&#13;and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred&#13;tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the&#13;tax bases of assets and liabilities&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;A valuation allowance is provided to&#13;offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not&#13;be realized.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;The Company follows the provisions of&#13;the ASC 740 -10 related to, Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed, it is highly certain that&#13;some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, while others are subject to uncertainty about&#13;the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance&#13;of ASC 740-10, the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which, based on all&#13;available evidence, management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including&#13;the resolution of appeals or litigation processes, if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.&#13;Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is&#13;more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits&#13;associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for&#13;uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable&#13;to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon&#13;examination. As such, the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times
&lt;p style=margin: 0pt&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify&gt;&lt;font style=text-transform: uppercase&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note&#13;11 &amp;#150; Commitments and Contingencies&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
 Serif; margin: 0; text-align: justify; text-indent: 0.5in&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&#13;&#13;&lt;p style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 'defref_us-gaap_EmbeddedDerivativeFairValueOfEmbeddedDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmbeddedDerivativeFairValueOfEmbeddedDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmbeddedDerivativeFairValueOfEmbeddedDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmbeddedDerivativeFairValueOfEmbeddedDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilitiesCurrent'

begin 644 0001493152-15-001601-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`#9KFT8P-.M,M<$``-1!P`1`!P`9G!F:2TR
#$T
3(S
2YX

XDN_WC=C_@:^V

M=?!`S_2
;8E@'C]D)A*)Q
__\S*QE2?*/
MU?GFG':OO%.J
7--R'GYY]_O=

_47WI
MJ^J)O^(QW]^&3+;^HS_JX`R'._SBV?]\B[!Y'/[V&4/GW15U3[]O^_?[D:/
M=$*.+
?SB3.B[Z*G;

/O%/HZ\N?!-?'KVC_0D_'A)O-C(2N.+[
MY3`IZ8?/Y#\LO%)?)CZJI7YU:[XJA5]U:1SW_/HZ/C!??H$'WQ_1VIVE%;

?

MFWJ9S_!/
AYR7


M7]YY%AJ


SZ!+YJ.?_76F





;=UM0XY
M7

WZ;J_1SZ^'1;Y#2$_PV5^E75J
2


M:0J7.^+-4[K




_/F?`=!]ZDZF



MQSVCQ`O8:_/\1@;GAPXURYE)GH?
B6E:N)(@]@VQS$OGE$PMO^I9HX+@62F#
58

6%U
NQ4O_4#O%+]^CJGC?PW)N]72P1YNJR;3B


ML2R-Q@9&0R)&&HZAS^.V9L$@P;(T'
4-AT2


-QKG=O&5JDF=I-C98H$C
2.
A.J50NVG-(I(\
M2^.Q23LAB1EI/'@[0(LU8`]_)=?2@&Q@01NI!%)]NQJ'AC27$LCLEEW.XD;
M:43_F]-.+^UBFEI0C;IDRA1(PU(5[7/B4YRQ610V(1(TT(
GN0:H40'
MJJIJ11RI&9*Z1K'!I*=#:JHF9$XD8:D51=7?/`D.9:&I'-*E`E;J01B?:\

M30V)1(XT)$FY-/#6[GG&I3'9V)A(]$B#DI9




PD`&BAGHR=E]7Z+G
MD.@I7_?]=
1Q




M;;(X


7^2/Q(^Y



LYZ%9&
EF7CJH/`Y*`N?@P-FSTYEO
MGW)!+/8'L0-ZZ4P#W_M&GZBMU0
&
6M?7^
?_P+O(6ST^


FE/IWHUS-MC0AFYH0B1QI


-C8F$CW2H*0ET\2:Q7G&I4'9U*!(]$B#

MYD1B1QJ34#`7;N.*%Q




(\W]*82$#(HN9M&)/F%2'.L2U-B82#+&=^FR&QQHVK
M19RQ+`V(A($T')L;CN95(::XEN9#@D&6,K_5B#2O<C%M30B$@RR^O#-1J2!





M:!0H




_H2$+]`%!?*W


B@$]!-Y.UR42W!+<;_7M*93N*LI3C_05I](E2B5*UT6@B*=
M1J#B'6K4Q44B5B+VC4$#QU/1H$%]!U%Q_B.?@+H`PET?0W`KV_=`'.XZ.



O[=(V'4




MK4WGK&6O__L!YSBN`NMZ_'B:
#=W0$7_6MPNI
GCTLP+#6
P9&3H;7DEP:

2Q56+
G0[I=^GJW







$SQ?$GTP


M0[G;06S$&ZK3#C+C\NX8SRYP63GCU
'.
9Q[CSNGC2@+P66Q$6\JKLL*)
IB
MA
1<*J+S1IK+]CL7
MB6Z7)K@H/=&KE0^+];)H?TF=W+1_6Y9_'*I:-ZD\F`-S?I`*X6<2T5S7CEC
M.)&7ZGY9$%TRJHNLH?
179YE:;F(+G#:+R?1G=(LG\I%=*'+7

M%Y)RSHQ6R01=&JH+R3I?-JYLLJXHU3EW&TJ'D8K2G3-SV]G
G2^I;1$E!!LV
<QIVK-8KX]K-*S&$W&8O9E??NS
[<SXHZ]=_]]X/_!3\<PT#1Y_CS9T6#






MZYT2N96BK!:)`3MMM5=-`RQ8+1(#`K-:N\+

%@J6VMU2Y9&*LEH@5M+;JMZM+GP+A$IZ
M)W6'8M48+1(HZ7VCPO`M%:U#=VH+JM%@J1V3ZOF[@P_+I2;RX%:47TBEP5
MI)X!BYG*


MY*P6)'Z';5=R6228+10+JG7JV@TB*P6RR3UNQ4V2L7JT@=&)?,K629.T2J

M:G))\P/


L9P'+X]DMDO=*K.Y77%,4.HW^G_J
+1O2)

ML!?

?&X8I/OP=6X4]6A[V


D(\M&2[Y1!!T7

SQP
/IPC^
MS?






MFQ&$M+#H13RH!G
:\3ET?5@?P$!D]..!`5I
'
QEG[&WLY\8!FTN'\J
A@H)








MB



#J
M8!29+R^8@#JP`0`:0?P4D`MC3@G`F)'IX[%R@;\&;.IZH8BCQ\-I=#%0C9%
MF#T/W@9_#4WR''-`]DP,6*LLZ`JF0`F)Y#E6^CVCU1EHR]2:D+AB34/6
`-

M.M.3():
P44)8.#+(K+D3`]G.J)KS
^S!6IQ[7BG(Z,(O6,:5UVRVU:_`O
&NFT6QT



0^)<[?DSL]/KJC_/;^TM<2R)5XA.YNEPBTT2_300^+JH$PJ*S38!0,:GS
MG6X*S:=MIY9JN&XA8@Z`1('B!XQ]L&5(3&1H
0:AE'L]DC#Z
&;PI)4Q@JA


M.L1SV.!B

\

M%`NN.DP*









MX9
/E(-OYR731G*O7WCWJ`*0GTDP(13@48.Y&

(*@8D@3^::EN_JC



M)1-FX6XC!6&*UB8V?:)VWGS40CH*!YC/1T7O#KPP#U6.;5YC
-C)*1B9Q
A-
ME;[C%(944




MW*6)
%








M.?_]6UO:`[-_5OENNIK:3)+AK4RJ5&4*C'ORR)?J:&#IYUD\FCHVH/60'Q

M;-#@AS9R5@V*5]DY3F]W6H8V=WB[HQ9\TTGP`+-\_;L
O&TP_:Y!ZDZ:'.^:
MW?&X7HHZ2%&;XTTOREQ\!=':UW5:VOSKNH91D+_\I:4`DK[63;^O9Q259]R`






M
9Z(5LT^/(=N$#?AR73J6HX_`4*5[^Q8.26.&WB4T\/HB%I/X7%A3=PV
=O[


)BLR.`GB





4

+


M'`0GXS2J8)M1CG94RSM(;
7G!FC/J



M]92/.'04D?5GQB


WVRN%
M
3B
`



M
[5A'=O*2E\H?5O\3%WF;SKI/6#BA0N/XIS$(4AA=$IL'[*1E
M#OA$ISB


M&2EX'




M

6CW)0P.!P.C)#ZA(XW!




TZ#)F.#`*!B789-!D5NG`*.CK)4!W&^4*)V

+\6454BE

M4.[JU'H?904-J64P!7+7^8`@Z!FMME8&$

MM4$)3($N]Y(.B8)!2RO#

M#`]H7JMWHY3Q[EVE7LR)C@@/JM[HX#PWP@D-L'APP




MD3BS20M#TR?+#3S%I-Z(64-N=X$



M

!IZ_4#:R`-8W8)'HW%(0AXQ_V9J8^(^LD(X!+I

^
@2+


MPAO
X#)Z]7U.VL&!)NWZE=D^WK$?6(HRDDX%)WZ3M%0-XU'B5?C^`9X)'?U8

F9Y(]OU`D;O08I?;?C.K__Y
M'XC%GZ,'+YV1.Z'WY7CNUPF\





ME/$Q+?4G1EPJ8XQG@]':#!-;D\@#NT
.


MOJ*P#7*F4N9OEWG1S:ZW2F=_8X=EP.=1\7,6-7L0,#^,72S/RD?P5+_5%N

M;/



:_++8HN\SK6VRQ`WF=+=0*@H7WF34


M@WU;=A(V/@@;GG*UK8F%!UF`?,S&B'AP



M6DOM]

M-

I=C1*8JP!8@

M)D#DB@?H[[]^6WDY.;Q
#1!_TO/_&)PBE)MCTAILM?09*U'
H8@EP@/KKD
M
W-BY

M:TN/1P3A[(ROA792[YOU***X6G4XZ[PAY@Y%3*GV*K)LCQB/=XXICX?]B[
M#!;?**JJS3!1`W]R]Q?EY.I


]:#

P*^#C


M@S1X:6L`*[!

RV8Q5G7L^?+)Q&W[Q;?K


4G_`U_173KL$GA.Y8?)0G01@!%/GUPV:NX

9/:+/Y=H$3(
TUDQ;M
OPR)TI\G#1P)'RSL)N+TE3F)
G;9J+T
M^&9$+-





1NOPXB`L[31\K)Z+#/D@HL'$!Z@:V&7:;
!MV@%^7)4E0


\\M9B

M@25XG*+
$8D,<9]&&,\SJ[4@`B.OQW+H[C1!%M(^84Y$)NLTL)\GC@J



M.3CF:5I.BTA2S+9?G/XP;\3M#\_4@=3HQ;^?C^-WH&%O[



([

M4LQD.\(Z8.$@&JMPF4I?+

MFKS0)#'1/S)#5`8@_*1Q=`*JM@+[92%&:L7,6047/'/*/.B?AH/?T4!=31

M9)D$^D)?:#1*V:/WI*[Z6!=?JH^[O;NYAL_]\T.FM42G\Z^8]1%J(O6EJ:?\

[R7I-TLF*L%(_#-)*:

%`UK0XQ
N
M\DTV$)M^!:##5P79



MN-B





?

GFT70Z12S?_T
MD#.Q.@Q:R^





MSAPXJ
!!]!&V8N-\_
26*36A'\0S3AI%

2BP&9G,NF6:WP.=;B#2W)Q*#?/[H-)U^+R-,%D=
ML_4]DFK&=]0?;?:WX7ZQKS6IH)DF=T=DXCBUMN\42@^C4D/&IN*]^.;8K^X


M`;R4!^VEE


M^'

M7/V@!YT?)\J_J6&ZU8`?Z,8#NH*OV)(:.B+`+;C5MK,U#`R%@HQK8ZQE@2
M`;4`MVY8.CK\A():G-O6
%*4\OZ_FUM%[)JQ%O7UIIAKTZ(H`!C(HE;N@*

(`34+W#0T3
D)^%5WP;JZBI!R)-S2T(D@
M#%0ML(ZA

/#-05`[.F$TRB5[:C4E$/Y\

M3K4C*;%:[6Y[2F(7C+XY#$KZOMOIF
UU8?BS=#_@ALAWK5:S7)M=&G+-V90L





M-$IR71Y]W9D7=MZI7#84)N8CN.?8L]%[.3'P5COOE&MUGN%K%PGLVA69L@
M$'.M#0ZFJ8J;Z

,)^=9?)=]JO=KL?0&$/57!D;F-^(#/^RN


^&:_\-`%JQ]








9TU4)E[SS`O*4A2JP+NM.KE
M





*(J;F
M&581

J[ANIB]1_]CK2:Y%43M??H?Z[35K11FJOUVJX?4

MHB^E.TA

M%5!2%\7K%*EP
RBI#)1

LC+W37)/=E%`:1YS[-FP@Z\QR7
MD;B\O@`T6I:!FF@]J':'RZ(ZBDUQ:70MO#IW





3.WAA0SMFMAN.P4]E7S_E'HNMI\C
M2%*`/&*]^SY[

_4


C:QCR#H[#H\9G7#Z((9^9DM



XH2
M%(*J1`I$PD
YAZ']*6IX

!P0$SIQP9QAX$+S%&:8N0474A;'3

*4$*438H


^42-N
M9L87=`5P.81_XS%$HC![-CYQD&`H
?'EP

M(YY@\
((W7=X`



M9K&B@5T94\%T!



WFCXMHDKAO-RJ@
M#50.?OE0_U`IN/=









#I
*7([5



A@C





M)L=N%I4O:M`)0!DMG^!S19[#R.H1)



MW9:JJO+_GZB.)'[_#/L-:Y5[V`$1-)
9M0\(7NKKP2O-1HAJ#7#\![0%NBNZ

MJ?WQ^XD'TMTP879;%CS]Y&#`?A%:@:P2/AY6)V6G@CKT/Z$#V]D]@YXI9]
M






M



V''!N[7.EOU:ZV[M;C$

?TDL9E
K&*$5\'9'IA=]1^&_4N?;\1OQ.=&R&M0NIC]HO@_;


A2TXBI5MK7A+&&P@Q:EUA

M#L)MBE9*6H+FR



M#
#:
=#[

W5X_UM+-5L#0^5*N#HYJL
M&O!O%/AZ?7


'WMA_PFG
M

KYH
MB.U;.)+
K^/:NV6


(4%ND4_GDH'3C


MKQK2;-4DN6E+$3EV7#)$\BMC%CV





MRPT_WY':(@]!




C*6+^H9KUTM
MA;GT&^4N\DAPX$


6W)$R:JTMH@C)5!V
MVO]\;%D$C_S0;0UUE3[_H3ULZ7TX$
W5
8'V.$&TZB0]1_L?M^U'N-'##IX8


GOVB!8PJU6%P*3UP!$L+;C@SO/?S1%Y*=A.1%
UB

6Z)V_66EE#B*6X/KJP^SSW&=``6

M&@U:VRV2PB812A%Y7^C\'(V


MLIB@KE-A!\S.X#%@5(`!PX;)B&@$

?T?;;]XM3


N;!`\0



R5(`B)ID@\ON//X(8-@,9RX(L(X`?HU03


\)'^


NWDT5AA
MD,'+A?/S.++RHWKT3E&'F6\;\J]%RT$5ZBI)%.RD:`)$C1:=2EDS6=M71C7





TI`AI!5D#!Y9)@+/H^Q?41P1P(

2
M^A`L


MD?S`











MZ*;V=@IWKZ9X2%
\I

MRAHIVN25-7EE35Y93?/*0@4NI6(F];DI





M.!P*R#
!M?%&C!6G$@#NB-4-8?KMX?*=\NJ9'VW3^OL[8$WLG?(AZ[#=Y&%#












M^4')?


C`1




\8UDX&6&L.2/P3/VL2MGT%&
MNEJ.L8L=KP.*Q4-%[1NL;HI%W'EA
F\!7+Y.J?H^-](RR_(6!FI3N&WI]P46
M?A6_KX&M7``$8]=L*?]@UC?FFQ
#8#5L[TP`_&)._6=\5OWQ9V5
A9S/)HYE


VC_R

E[[RPLOUA9KI?RY!D0R5TCN;1=5DCR#V


MOU5$US&\!?V@RVL2OX
A*'`['.IIKT49A?S^NE4%%*K#*%$:*%&:7A7Z-BNT




M-`0U

8#OQ6=.N%+5&^=R-#4M14C

M&(@KH.S#.H6`![&64M^




MU&`FO(T
B
E[85O8A#BM/6K-'(4#K-JCY-Q+3]BAJN'FU8?#4K)@&B-&:JC:



D0B
EA]#F1F@O00Z











MPE_G(6M`WM.]3W74'&$A@T%Q[1;SAH7@NY$.B?;&\MM5D96G)^GX-J@*?9L5

M@8I#UDYAI8R&$MR)'!91HDB


M2';P_NG'WEK^
4N9?EQ7!_NPW41L'DO5X7R@*O1M5JA11BNFVGR?VE*=AZP!

M3;0\SB9=RNDATX!TBNDD(K$*@[I&C*BOXW6T5O)&4)5$?G)Y[U1H&J^`HU


M]
3V;[8Q=P#NOS!8EHW]B.'`3FIA:3+OX()'=(+C]`2Z4K2Q=JX#@IYCF=-*
FK.H^,;EO2:F-B]%OT+GN(L?<\W;`P&:2DV(W?),JH26VH(DI/^[R-


M)\-8?'R8/+/ITF)WLTNXM#TB9(\PSB?+F?SYR__]/XC\W^2SM\CI[HTWWK0;
M((4'O[+9W]^-O+L9NK?/M/991_OG!/BO


M^0[NAA

*5A80=A&S0'9Q!;@#DT@]@&RF8&$0-&
M[QR,%L81XD[M3P&L4UDIR*[IAV$01Q#1E@I=U[O(!MOS1E;H(79J7C2_U!
MKR#5;=L^V`).F51X-EV?I3L/AZ'#5H#*5&-!9I8W\=:53W.!Z!Y$.I9+A*V7







H9(U)MI/0S%1:K_T\QVC\OPCQZ

=SF[0MC8?J&]7EQ9%I\
?RE:_IO

PT$4V717AYU``KKN67M8
M/G2='2I3&D'I5U*Z*I-NZA'3



MVR






M





M



M?IB5:=BNQ9K5$+
23=KU6++:(5:B
;L6*U8_Q
HT8]=BR6J(67D&[%JL6.7P


;\.[

M%L/:.*








M_&&6Y2V




)I/E

MV5+44FSFGQ^/%:908-.K.FI+UVNB\)=/C4%[4$]I((QU9Q:;0O=)A1OY@O#
M=,G@R5ZQZ0]K6-C:M&H]#D3-J/I^C^-U)+&0_EQM$16GP1OK+RE*N4)L8169
MQ,('\L2$'R4[CC;[ST)'WV[?W5I`B#2*PM/7PB3ZJ^MX7MYP0VN59%HCDW#

M0^)1%=IU&]KEIET[(^TVR:P2\?@5`6+3M+%0)XZ)C/5Z8`N?/N`1M`_FZ^.+


]=TIBOSBGW/[EUSDCI-L@1-YU`KD)H6M5Z#?&I0LP:EK4%:

&1:Y!PXHJM@8-*^+S)D^U[T7N4%3;#/U1R50UA7LWF0*[



$

M'RY57`?OO'4F@GJR[)8''E_9C9;&;Z/RGO@5/_E)&ND4SY0M/N2\#\AYRH

7=$6^NWVB*!O_H[XE#9

:\F-5`;:D0PXT#7




H_%T

MD3SX^(H[QSYQU]C(O^;1T`\RU2]F:$]K!=]6/O:L

MWJ$0XB$G-_;:V?]=W@=&\CI0Q&(-U&Z_I^U$+@-4A\$SZQIJ?7W0[I2)Y]HK
:U%*
M0%EZ


:(GN:7C:=)494)J&9

([[

MGQ4DIHRH5X`\L'YSZ;-BSR$J(\9HHU(%RD'3S@



M

KW4B`VFR
M.O'JDN`$2][]\5P_V3BTEH1SE
!'G$W]IC[C7PE%2'*R9(ZA/
WVSD^V1M^
^[_LGZJOUKL9<%

MPXOD\]WL_LY(\[*28';OU`H$J@8^VU0`'R:L51]T6P
]:PG!ZB=&#2I$XQ#^


M25S-AZ/C37;-D28RZ#Y-V:X&#C.IFL5VSI-H;9R8KCW;8V+


?`(]_BK'_&8S$`V(I-DC[0B:G55Q?/?.C;5J@*+E+]D[Y


YD%VSCY'[P^X





Q`?%\Y\[M@//N@R:T*#

Q@.
M^KNIU3X
H2XV03E4N\/=4';4@390BP:UO?]F:P
.FEXV8%M66NMJ@TZOWT]!
\4?FA7(=M'$WK]T%Y



!O5=8^(706L)\M[`'`6U/!SX%-'/





MBD(A[Q;:A$JOH_;T?*BLM]BFQY\=:PJ\_NK?2].GL
H_1
+WG?L5\UAJU%LS


M*NGYM2WP5B7*')*V)8%UJ((#LMI2NYP21$+=4)[P;S:%;Q8^/WCM'J^^E7%[


\1.@#2U%HP7

:DI=^9A3ZL1D(V$K)9JV-)R.)J..9VU*]Z_$68QV=F



2J\VS!9!7I._^9N50%
7-Q8U-E1Y'<\Q5S3LWILI%Z9XX








1(
:$BIZ=?X=;1NK21*!PX02!/:0N`1(FM1ID%^.M
MZVG_X$.PT
_&-Z:
&8.[-=]=YE^T#HDIK`?(7#UDENH.T+ZK)-42$E/YO4ZA



3U34]!JG

Z[Y9^LXFJ
[97$M)H1=6/[



T;EM]XWI)-4S=&
M#]J&



N




A
M-AI\)CZ;_NY8





37F9!8
I02
M7X$3Y

MV`6N;YAVA$

Y?!(88I

:RV%P


0Y`$1()9
MB6R+M6=PPP9`+RT?M#4?MW0`_SD0CL2'.Z43]6+ZSS3&T]*D3\2ABHD)_'[
M;#8S:4J#*!Q





MH;)$8)


M6\4+1@=%@=^79IPAD%Z7B..L7.#=P2`%OE*!BN4W#`6A$R\]

]EY1).
M7B+[;8'L`X9FSN1ICZT#GJW([*LBD$`@

MY-G&C`RIBXA+#

Y<&S*YP)-!3?!G<U2Q[=VN_JP']U1
M:4$\&&J!+R@#6KH:C^&K`%*X!_=#JET

M!)L/I





S[XQ2;
M`BSZO0&GT[#G02F]_-G9_GT#.^OH*+$T;BWT&INSF91-
Z5.UL9+5S34MIZ


C_@V__G]02P

30Q
C

M[U[FP


/'S[L9]^631LM7^YX5/9QM%^2L\0
WU)-^PHE@IZ(C+PO


*

7JEZ69]3WS*
MLU3M*_$%.)C,*YJHT`)M1L^9_T@3/_HB

5$F``'XVC`$ZB+_&48<MN29SDGBTTA<^ES.J)[




MWY$HZ_;7HMU*LWU[!

6/A


C8@J2(IR2\\2.?8\:5JCU.9S_:'U-ZAIW33^89O
Y#0@7
U[=

M=BCM4UC-)8N#-4=.%=2A:7&W4=/DWSG--7?+J575UM9JT;S8[)3195AA;6UL

M68




V6MK=MH`.+@D?GQL62
MH?S@]1=(B!&98[6Q

?E4[@FA`[`^^4'JP<2'


M93.CW
!T0VC`3FWGZ5N0J&JFV3(G=7(2;4%$IN'KW

M_



%
M31=JC2%`'0@)FVD1+1[G:F0N%)J'*W!NK%BW2\]4IAW=BL]5$-NUS/6U8^;-




\\LI#)(97

MC2(51\*
XG$O`C5(5SYWUT'%&AR.[DO;0-=&@;FG=(40)C3VXV`SS]6*P^YE








\NNM^5C





F;5#HU$T
12DZAK/7479

^)W!]0O2O[

-R=\#:8N8!C`0:Y1F=@M339$)^0ZK

MZFZ)6QNA[8E5+]:!E=NNV




EI^+*V@K`\

M2!?%A37?`#.O@NKEU%B1Q


MZKEM!(7&&-L-B^U@TTFI*U%G'7DY-\-`
3&-;Y_9?XBONQ:X
R+;
X_!5=^4

M\(;)]E+`-@Q@56X[:`!7G`CXOYA17Y)DY?M-3
*
V_TD$2N?=2QHA\VFO*-Y
M&@=1&LI5ICX
1H?5_:1R
%

8??J/__
__X=%_OSROPX.K#L?
M!=X7ZR9R#^[#2?3OUJ






M5?.AG_HW$=ED\48Z5NS3?O').I1$=^4$U((O

92GS7
M62@,`6WPT7[&:*&'TU&;W0D(O:.FS!QA3K#\S(CZLZBP/#WPV:^*[?R)N8



MBZ$3$E8T
MV@Q/&#^-'!=$7UWCQ_ZOI#W8]4LBK)U-$]V@
:(?+2@-B4`Z2-

XC
$&VZ'G^AN72U+BXAL9_

M!]]Y]0

4WY..C/WWK)L4




`R-_)$B..`M^CX15K*6[E\DML*W1!Y)8@!33E)\)

MW5+@O*(@^[:]+

MYS;(OD;Z+)H6
Q$F.)HWVG-INXBK0='`!

M6&4[I:


B9/@Y'T-$8PH
WC<0<IGI3N
X!&[!!1

MNI-00

M46J7-P6XPB$$6$8'VF08DHDH#-2N@Y:'1%8YU




M.5%\SB*:SZ-0A)!J22/88((&J5`[T1YZ7F8Y)WAR?.\^7(ZSG'@?6\`(8GC8






Z]1WC

/](XH:\W^Q'.83%XH449)36V/!<Q.*7KW;9Q1KFX
MA?/RYMFYB!N<I/5P118PBCZC=S)507DZPEO@)_$`X$R%LV9::4-Q%?;2RT`

]D4U0ND4^W1
M#J$0('WL=


MH9V_KDAG=P2D6[C^O:S5!=&$[HP$44RJ)?_(ZZ=:K+Y@.2%1
/]&=C9U\Q5K

M

UXAR


MA


S!!_.A@G#T?R]:QYG$[


M-R=
R4K[SL=Q

5^)T_21`*0=:HK(BH?:G&+TGUI*B%3A`_E[I=
M[%'+

M:*JAUW
RV?D32N8Q504/SBG4$D6SRV[NK^]#NB?@Y0G9'(I8Q0T@!X8-T:+V

M:



:!JI7AP8L[0UX:
M('II


OY76AFO


MZI:65`/[NY_
LJDSG2G/_+=Q=!LF]`1YPU`H79$:Q\4GIX%(




O_2GT
+[9H

MW2%-

E]0QC*'JW5WO6Y=71
M

IP;BNZ14K9F`5P6U#Z7J)&


J3:E6RKR0$SF


M'RAQ!/-YA

MD5TD%3:\`E^XB`LHP;N+ZZ350_'EB[DX#\JO[^;2(/.OUC#V28O[I
5.+C1\

#:Z78$JHSTT9FCIMU_6$)-E@;'UCQ2ZJIJEY/1

RR+4X11R



ML(\-\YXL^*#A^UUB3N3L7BQO'QOF21GH0:OWO-R4LGJIO'UBF#]EH(?CW7TO





MPQK6CR4H^\
;^\
;^\
;^\






A[KX$&3][N:W.X(AW&I

?Y

MGE^WB


M4

MQ-LQ(J0/R

HUR]IFR%6D[8@0U`IFY[)B9&^2V8J91SCY7



M!X





[]J=^Z`3TI_E\

75
M1DHJT?C-/&C3B#)E&GJ-4!4:
]A.%7#CO.


`5-%0F!.ZQ('^[F#L
MA$E

J0U4K((LRRS=I?

ME%49+!MN(*30+EQENM^/XXVXL\8R*/2W



M'BRUO[*R&Y+'Y`.CR9#NX$TSW/R1$BBN]W#)U5&W*RD*
.-\$\[9_*3HM9LZ


%O?&.KZ0
M/5#UY&;;#A=)J@8&
X];W_;834^]2F.?'M@8NG^F?IP;F^L@00&]762#GKI=



73LC,&=1GL+Q]R:WDUF%;45O3_&
M;_J1`&@P+J@XWWZ#MVGOI%;45O3`E1`97-#@/%\M&<N0?Q,1I6+VX$31XDR

MS



MEAS;BQ+VL7D^M8X?M'W/;G7\'05R
\BBA'ULGF.MXP=MW_M2U2^\/2^Z6BW*





=
QL)2`J

-`Q
9
M61J`#/3LF#,LTNNVJI3]V3RWS-8!Y*%GKYRCD0MBE&7L2_/\,4L#B('+WK.R
M6RR;*T+VI7FNF*D2

3!U@'G;AF.4OYBH)$1T

MZJIK.L`\].RJZ5T04FOH@@#!;IZ+KN.';:_/(Q0O

/<*:P]W<G2-$3PIDJ


L;(B5.\R+!G
M(0*XE]7+ZDQ1$VB0D+8Q#ZOT$[LAX:37YW




C*VE
7C'$J
I2V9HU`[CH.8-&._\W!?Z`DPT2CIVO$C8&
M$=9B^ZLM5
'I$QM8.LK



MMEY\E#ON49K$B1-Z?CC]'66O9GK#=X2=*7I&U
;DY]=1F&#'35(GH.[]N(?Y
M5'LP!K0N=5:!VBSK9-U6






M?DK&4%)+
+?.<D7'@5=`[/-7@DHD#G


W^
ZG7E)O?P-IIMLM&C?Y(''GAT[H^DZP5BZFR)NZA9BT


5J'9


M3N+KMJ([2/M/D9


'M








Z




H#9-MF%W68#ZG144@
M-@62'98_I_^ASY61G_PW4$L#!!0````(`#9KFT8GY9HO$&@``%XJ!@`5`!P`
M9G!F:2TR
#$T
3(S






M^.:;SY\_?UV4S\GGDOQ:?;TJW9J[*W=DA;NVKFZOKO_G^XOWW[[[S;OWW[U#
M[[[][KZ+W1Q=?/URYKVY*IJ13]^;=4ZMO?
-'?W[_[_0_OWO_P_@^.3ZR3

*+F*:H?7JKL3U\
^OGYNZ]+
M\OC-^V^_???-__OQP]WJ6^2MUG!S+37[1:K!65WKOOO__^&_YK*RI)OCR0

I^J#B\#^4JJ3G+K(]!6@GV_[UMQ=ZR/[U]]_[M

MV]U5;Q^39/L-&[*^P7E=M7]YR_[R]MMWC7?\E^;/OWS

M[D]?:&2^F:)ET@O20D[(RM+O1N*;54D'A6W]-A=O6*BO2;G1/KIY*:5&X)?\

M_9N^I7A\^$0AXL5+5FEZ-O@])`\D6$

MP$UYP:51(XZ^`S:



MG$:%5U\_EL_?I#@3_H+^8^HFZ)]^^8`?D_RRJ+-ZK_`/2HD0K#!`8W10_!R=
M!WI
4P)P*23$CNL`AH/9LG`


M3#AWG5..92.EF62XFDQ3+PB/%`IT%E($33C=/V6DQLZ#QD0ZTOJUK)F7LH

6C4\L=HV;_S'G
_3


%?R
A8]VF+.PS:85<
M2/^AA3ET$Y)0='+8D$F'E[@<R--P]P0GU8[L[5112H8DBP'JDX*

=AL$H2#*V
\0^K5:[
MS4Z$N!=XG:VR^MAIX*N2;#!9KNG#L&'KLU(L6-AK`-F%OPJ9Z2P`)N:7TBB
M1O38EN\.6^FM+HF$/_:FL?;D=QB65H/2'W([LH'/R^(9DSI[R#$[6VD\Y:27

KE@++QC9PK0#\\5\ILX@'(LM

^2




ML
'5+N&`'F!L=2LD9MR''UPLY2N
XM&&%U







M2+:B@]5U@1:KFN5&/B;D5UQ7Z*HDZ#JE5


2C%LMP/;4SD(7)&1F@6YF
X*=V^$.]3NU



?['5J9ZH1ESWNIW;&XH#9XW]J1[`GQGU0'*_G



MKW




/AS




J=/C)0RQ^N5
E/%6(2A7GE/)8&BYAO%/*@C/A4\K\N7ZI05DE*G<\

MW)*';G12S00\)5O3`GK_[L!.R85S;'(XGW(6[3B


MA/0=6(AD5@C'(!?@/75
TD`XXP!1(@O5830Y^N4&B]WC;DQE*U&L*L&HX@B^
M(XM%'@9=W$!.2.T@E!F,,/T8(V+5HR,@MW[HPZ..,TS#M#TB+C[SH)!=
M)WPD[4H?FP(
\CBBU

/U#:5@









8AQ&^ZAR'4B$ZK7Q0FDYR='KH
M'''-`
)\8132$4DBMJ@$-RC7`L$$)2V'^5N[HV[A6-/2NLM$0:MC!
M99`.MWG+KG?MZ45A4$(*SYIMU:OT(<O`<\'=L[H;

MMA0N@TM9V&&EL&ZZZ)([S_C_!E?4^L5=?:,.0*6$]SRD\_&
/F=*MCFX\R

MC`=
YK@SID7UA



MTEV2F[+:MF@66$3W%%6648G4
NZ*2L


MSL@QT28'$B`

*=9_+H
M1G^DR4$)!H$\D$H'FQI5M&!;J[@R&F@?



DV]

C)L8$T62YXK^317Y&F1#9]ZT

MH9`T40

V1+HI@
HQB(AF:0-R3,\'<PO%`FIJ_$X'!@67]
MA
G(B6JZIA(

Q=0


?NQX8-GJ`


MG)




C0HF&;.00B0G=/8C\


)N^G3IP'BWITDC.ON\8
K[

-C(YQRYQ8[7W**TR+&9=67;.2P;;_0E\H?
M`+JAMO-=(5+I1*3'KZ&5[(&%_E@E*.S.C

ME+OA



2$'I7BU6J]UFQ[.\S=97S6MP
M40S)



M0




YB7%`@SE5Y^SQG%4K





5&?-\;#-IX]IT@ZU-


_+#:.GB1`ZX:#.PPAXY$*4DF#H8H2G+HGQ
MP*31:B`.@T32=
]U6AAYDNTTN8:5D]'!4V^IA3JO[G)A88/966ES%`RFED
MJ$K:]&)`B2





M];+!V&&#VW%#)PC%P[B`U'B5G`7QU+7P$L&K3NE(!!F$?P;7H9(*1@H]Q(X.




M_?J.^



N!J:!-R4%E^`P$!AG:4GUMS8.SI
I6BR*]R/)=K3W9;=4*21C'+@PI

M$D[U(^)6C'`EBF.YB(8E;9D((&QI







9KPXG3X5]O8JYK=C?@'-W

1ZZ\U$8NH59F+)=05
MU0%-U


'5%
LM49T
M@GG!-!)J5Z28H'56)

(P\*&

MB4+Y#S5*&]5@%?(S5BK/HT;^4#YBE7P9MJ%.?B\
):9P!7JHDOE'7OXYPKTL
M85

!
(.!I6ZJGWSU:*WH@@P
M#%+0H(S3NJ7W=7&!MV65U1SSHJJPMKB]FVK@,J/.G9G4'+7J02MZ[X%9=D]


&E7

M4]:E)6B3W%?U0A&O

00G7ATK^BQV^+Y?K-9U&$3;*




MZ!1C
V!CQ3-T^V]#"Y%.-QEHWI!?$R$9.Z=S0\[ZZ,-B[0SDJKI\
M*WXLB64S;7?O!+?B@GZ6A.SIA\0O%G(WWT0Q2HG?NSHAM;_]=-EPK_X
2L*




*F$)UR/BBG?!)J*%65`BP+O@0!



QO^'IU%






M*O3A\U8/6D?A
%.)60<
`1V!






_!@\!;A5#VS^3+3FRV&;V840$TWVQ^;$X
MCSAA*H!*!OZ!S8G-A4*220UP%SQA)@J**$)5U$RH7`.9]A48RJJSB0Y'=U



/AN]U#AO^\HQ
MGWEFS_]6+!UWS


&2ROKPNB45T=:
M%A

MM

M*Z).$X8WZY8%E^LN*WY=T!GN;M-_(+8E1;-NE

/YM.H[B''QA'/43<DM[RZ

MH/V


V$ON9O7R?%5=WYM1*?N*X$K[MO`D]JXH[9@
ZLGG.YRGD:&7+FVQ2ENUKUG^2'K+DJC2M-E`[@1WLI#?)@*.<`TD0VX!6S

J%]`9?K-687$^(NH/F4U#S?5:RR/..9!D^//*?).-_!_
ZK/P7_
M]@!^#;
[8?H@ND;1



_ER;B1'SNG5.'

)_$#-#^B51^)7'3?O8/.LR)4C?0.'VU8\=8/V9%MMEM.
3;9
^7MZY*
M
BK2X\GT^0W'X?]K7X3ZJYC;*L!OY95=
0:)O&G4M(V:=M%/_
KF454G*-^/





050RQR`8+
M$FUPN_A/)QB=%2[H%-@(]Z/?S`\C'94-[D9FQ*(R$OK<



-M_?#;&Z
MSB\+_&IWIP^Z^!.'*\WVR0C[%]-E
3-[@HA@S'W#LRC



?8&/<

[5.=&`7A4
MSQ?@X%(=6P1#[H-TP\^IBEV]
#Z
#[0;XJ;R.US7.8^PC/MY30HA6T'/B2K
M7AH,$:T0I7V$T



C@'\ZD/PM6Y'_1?D2J=S2SH6#T?55'.P;/
M:@4&B5\#7=JZ_D@%V+H3R[`EN9@3
5HW3&[8FQZ=OAT0/N&CR%F-X.11F?K5





$Q

MT$@G84XCMW'3`7N'M@J^D/8T?NFFK2*$?-_!D[9$SX*35A\-D7KFMZKVNC
M'8CK)]P

MS+YM!!ZL39'5;.A3BS-1E%-9U%G[4-[E0$=7FJ)P]^5B13M-\

MUU$WZ$$6G^Z



M





FQA=-`+6XS'L1OC

6;4B






M![3I.YH;9X=#N-)98C#R7ER)[MGS&=/C2KQ!M2U.#U@\I8/KJO\``Y)=M@
MYU-_
D;


1MSU=J@N6N$[


A!M%&`.//L%WN5[30(T&7Z_8
M_*!L`T:BUM`]MWRMHH'H?'T-:F6

MZMNEK$J_?!?VRA4Z'AG'

Z8D;.DX*U;E)J;9!@
QR1ZS(LG9
M7T6$_DYG-J

/4=Z

EN2;:2%O.'`Z%)



MGITSOR_[I)'8



'HF231<N7[89X9N\%;6U38+!2&8$VK%)*06#-B9H4WXTL@AWP@<I
MH'WHE7I?^_$U:[]OC*-2[;HQ*E%98O+DE4(C.+1^44YHQG;Z$;N.(8)




I;

M\O\]U
A@NO+E`/UN9LWLI*9JCGV4QX2]9.8X+VE\.\UAGP'G*SMR#_5._'RZ
M$L6TT&Y+_]:E:@:56\%^9/JL:%=*0Y=
#/CP$_H@/5_H`3]3QR=#FC]%Z;DV



MHQ-L#EI/K@T+`^UI*S!\6U/K5(11]\D+.SM;5/@





MQ7JJJ=1K6PQW'\)!NM[?D/JYJ)3^7!]D&(2,2FFGCMK]-.W2+AW-F=FDV-6
M+,=S-A#L=D3R[I4;=C-;'59)[EIF=X&4[$V3W:J*!+&8M-/KV7:[U:#FH







M3?+0I@Q.6*6;&EFK

MLNVGHGRH





M




Q`I.^WD'




%;8033S19O&M\6













E9#PN990&;QO_+9M%J3/QGUV=(3(_\Y$;39
M$
/C_M6




-5P)G%.3`;2\


VC`JJW3J-%C@3^6R!DQ3@&VK.

$$;#4C




MA)G`9?8X+/?

MEMESM]!IV


Z.S;UTCN;AI'_;NAMF?B%GV


MT0/]$GF+**G0E@YF2=3+.Z^2C'Q

M5FC`R)I!S_QZULFD#F7B[M9U25#5M1;-W+RO-[CN1XE%16%U8\M'G%0[@M-E

MS`)I_F8[IW=+X=`W4I(]GWLK*04
(SS:PGQ!RD]#?!
%_3K2/BY)&-I!=+)I

4'V8^ZVPZ\R-3$^11+




M[=2!L;U[T&_=\7U'?=$T8$^HR'(]CG/H(+98K0@-YIL$C!R]NJL,X\O;LER
M30,LV)H$6'SFDXA6VCQ4G*K[V6[WD?[=TM?YE-28?/RI[LJ5

ZXC89MEO.
M9!;=-HV`6








KIP([I=]/5SE%)PK6&KEC

U@+X0S
M_B+&Y6^B?PZVRS8-LL!MXAD^5=T=FT#B)WU!(J448&M8R@]-OH_8UVI.H+M^

MY^*7K

G_`FR0K*F[[6
84DRMQIC652@FDR!\1ZPW7*:%#*F=5O%OH`[7==
MU*7I!)J7]BE95`U]AFE90TBTA.ZB'4E;KNJ2AW@\\S8YUV]9$O'0A65A?^!3



Z^@/'/P&RCPB990`A%O0J@P2!?,&?
M


MY!%7B&6
+?6


;UQJ^U-&\)+4;VIHTAWAH4R__G+B._:J9_



?&[[,5]+<%#%Y9-_8%/[=JUT*XGL).``)<3!CUU75PJX`U
MIM^B0F_#Z




MU'1^]C\;97T[?A0JOVVH_



$CTXLMAO4N=/V)9
M&SH)ZKCVPH
HO






MM0@[VX!O\V3%(\[KXAE7=4DJK5V

MR^MB!I
P++

MNL].+0;+4$:





+)OH`4H1CGCO7)2]=I'JB/+F![
9?4Y1)03KW1L0RJM?


A.

MRO


M53?H:84`O7`]-GW6N14%$N]TP
3T^


M&9



1=$$`RNZXPE7N
]7I1
M-F^4K!0[$R*%BX4L\E`LY`I3VM%AUHNZ;'J?O!AN;;#)`O*!5HCZF@34P8G+
M&.)?RM#-G73S7KZ'5SDS-&H`


MFHP;?#J36A5=J1UE*8Y@3P9P






M:@K[8U9DF]VFW:5QL=.LI3DH`O(@?GCEU;/!2C?U)J(!U+2`NATMM`VPAFQ/
MQUP7JWR7LE7B]I=Y]M6W=U)F=^C&3#:\Z0XDH;9QOM6[^1DL46XI9/J_W-LM



4Z09(E]6_
M?@&2DB@2EP1%$BF-^V'&92-!Y/?AFLA
_.6_7E;1Z)DP3I/XKU^=??WNJQ&)
MPV1.X^5?O_KI_LWX_N+Z^JL13X-X'D1)3/[Z59Q\]5__YW_^CY'X[R__Z\V;

M1%(B_E!\^


WX]HOO7KY_]V[\3OQ7


CB[]^M7A:

JV]W7;P
F-'TD





`LS9`]
`1E3UP\ELF/G#U#*%.5][3
MJM?[ZM?_*CB3TZ-5`;MDK[



_RN])&E:7Y_818


-'Y!6.;
M.@


H
MD(X_XZ-#H[7'[5#&I

`







W1


O]`H
JT[
M$&EO]\HNE+D`@8.ZHIVVV=#GS;+[AOI49KYJS$\\;T9%V@]'\!K\77^ZGEU=


&AP1)`RJ


M@-:G8[?VWB1QV


GDHX
MJ
T!L%$2RL






W^FSJ=#/N-
#ONHK

=X3BI

M?&^RQ5I-P8VWO.AM6)5HR^.#62NT4T2)S4;@^7`II3PGNRL%3TV!([]8+XS
M-4P$7F)U%SIF0LV=_](Y622,%.5FP0OA5R\

$6C0.VSEV_9!XC(2GTBG+K

M#+'3UHIYS\#GQH12R6
?5YOL
YM0A/.`TU#



I@NP-Y6'7\6DOH#B&]!3'GK2E11*MUZPM2#*$
M?


MA#-=1Y!VQUOZJOXS2SC3=029K&;28RIC:Q!-RL*^H]O:T&/0NK7U\)FPAX03
M__;#R[+558_PG9_XYM;:QK5;+;YCZMIT@C8XX1BTFKSR-DHM8KY#ZMIP$(

OR#&#%KR<)$]OL9QH:`U_=JD%SU@`-8E=X


C

NG8E(F/49E8:)=:
MHSR=D_DNU]!X)0_N*G/1UKL`6H/WQ]@-EU1.1(NJ[WQ$$9K]7C/+=
=KTJ$



?S21T+38K3PFG
M:=XOQYP3TQL$,&G?D0,#CF87.(^_\Q3W$Y])^I@(M)Y)`?(=2+Z.YE7]K^4

([G%9NA`
M^27=P
MQ=ZC%SJ[D.L(8ZP=9AR&3.SQ[H
HD
DO7;I$0]1[A$-77-EZ@`8TK!R+S:*8

M
];C/3!CJ.X$@1/K3'

;&
M6'S-L9_LB7F/21FJ=RC`.L4^(;97THN)E]$ZCGO2?5'OT3$#[DE5H&%=*3;O
MJI;--;I_P:2]!^`
-POHH



-8%C4?J/U_&P1L
`&9(-A@L

BKB4#9Z\TF


9K):VZ86CNEX(2V-L1O:=1J




M6'V'23GHSM[5!UTN


M]

M





&$X?&@N
AT`66GF)_MD&%=^0I8;OA


/)02?A_W5U]Z.#
M6?LC]3=6!?7/Y'9:?0/WOA'BJ`[M'_VQJ

M;@ZI-`V]-H&5&


M2_Z'1M@EAI%TC/&7VYZCCCO\.6`LD'ZZ[(XN'V$.7.VK/(KXS$
1\S@0*]%K



Z\81
MQ@KO=B!5=N:B`\I-B/N6#5++
40M\$%QY2_:_DDDU$FGVE,5]DJ;__F:?1)
MPO9G=UY;E^W[TG:D?Y#03S&H+E+D@8TXC?2

M__91=%VEK2L3&
S
5Q<&&


M'#3I.EHC93A$I0


4



PG


M-A^1[LR6`^3KL;$'Q289BZGT
Q_+*_T7^1/_R!)NV#
;1(XT-9$5A)ZL;J*]


MI


MC?+Z1M4*D5ULZO2V'U#MDAANTH[R6A-*RNNM)K(;-L2WFMNF740!YV4:2O
M

MT':+9Q3R;6;3=[#Z4+&KCL.Z-I.[K^GB.I[39SK/@L@\D6F*(QLXIDE
HP&.
MB-1&XWZFZ6.^AY&;ED?Z-$NNXE3F[[;
;LX5X6#0V!MM1-I41#$GZC:DY^OJ
M7RP^4PYUX.`5YE3EH%;%I(J$3-N(5)7%08Y[ES00U]%@TYB0/K.+($XRKG=U






O5=W@B=IX11Q'?

Z()B1[H[
M%6JFVDZ_X/TY&=A
W`.J`Y[*L@?I6?2P/_
X'
8T\E#N//ID.6J$:?(MWKGY

SZMWZT10D'
MQYLWHV?).!2*


M7@
K;6%N*CP$RO09WINKA7W?HK5&N:'P`C?



M\KH`%')TZZ-:\T$.B@LWQ/?+0P%'MU8J]1[FR.B$=ZT\U*2';L54ZCW4\=$-
M\;H$%'-TZ=&]Z&.DBZ@UP6@F*-;.]6:#W2F=(*\+@%'-W:J=9\F.UX+%U$

M74DV9:#(HUM$M?H/AKW3+653!(H\NK54ISV.J(9J2Q6\E





[$:RS#T;#P&LOP&LOP&LMP2K$
M$U9IQC+@.]2XB1C&?!Y@)]D,`,^!_!3C&9`9^L^S6@&?,ZRIQK-@,]3]C2C
M&?`YR)Y@-`,^#\U3C6;`YYMYPM$,^!P$3SR:`:&_VJE',^#SG#KQ:`9\;CNG
M'




M[WN*L9R_


])


36_AK

M&8PN:1Q$\K?%[NW
3+A%%$JX?R



1&+ALJW'\IL\L6+$.N+C$EX3`

(@TE$(
E





BH.B:.QFTX
MT@CY#G!SY
BH.@Z.[DB4!Z8&+%W/6!!SL;F43JCGZ^I?S+L$ESJ0+56F;8.+
M6C@2@U7;9=M'J
KB(



M?O)47HG*YW
R+V^PQDM&\A884RG9A
#!.[TYT[7LB=6;!Q@R.+;KYQFGTCMW



M


]`HBOK.

M*$-#`N1LJ)?`08B^6QE)Z?#4J%V#MU&H\M/V=5A7W'?V.Y=GU6Q*]^3M7_NL

=`'CW


M*W2;4V;N

;E5:G]@`=39^CK0N`H1HS@JQ$8\)#JB'Y=!@H^QH56


M5X?D0XGX

MG8


MQT-O708*/MIUU].1M_BVZXFW*07/8(&6`%\'WOSKSN?=IA28`K2KK[?C;OYU
MU]-N0PA

M5DT&C[*K%%J`(8$W]G6T)`$X!RP=6`

M_/VC`(&/L_0Q8?1W
E=PU


M9$PB4KS`&A;_T#









M+7:
W*@UV0X6KRS5VK:?N$$WOS:*(V/%U.-J)&D4*LGQRTVY&FLS@Y3E:L7`



MKS!X+0SX??SYVP8&!




H$WR[EFV;AIOMRJ:W?RAE1[1



MYX]:%;'WE?5X^_?IXA
-'N23I3PLO!\&M_)G,+R_;CS@%/S,OU#?9F6=8_R
MRD?5K]=6[$HI\:]*(S9\U$2C[;M&.4-0;&8ER]VRL?UDHB&HLGVM=PD@R&#
MVU%F



M!%
(4?XDS3W%%3*7=\@*!



M
:NJ7L*W=0+
L$UI'$.RVDK^B8AFDO





M3YMA1^&V(*^


3U


MLOQ=7J





$

30Q
C
Q+GAS9%54
=VLV#
M1I8]LS/CC).2+W*TXXN.K<UF]R5%DY#$#$5H`=*V\NO3`\1@-'*(7<?


M)NP)'@4A(LXY7JY%



'L7O

WF
S[




TAX*;$ZREQ(^IZ
MPCI=6ZHW]





J^LZ2\B^ESBI/8$5+
M91!KK*



M#[L/Z![-''Z/T`F[;N;T@`;LXJB#[-FH-GIP6PUWKY[3!_!VIO7I9A#F&B

#/T]T$Y



M!LS.U'ST^(K
[F$


VU1*<)T`9U</I-73

!O(






MJS4+L6?T2-

HP52-L
M7=Y80#:&I@G_5LGE2XPB'_DW+/4BY`-J%V#%__]YZ#X;X3\@67B$4I;+M!
U



MA.^!C:
53$/




Z;;^2



(A2W2\/ZF%MSRI4LJY
M75W4]N:!;F^CRJ`AMFU*=_$W`(^U2<66)M;'-
ZH;*5-KQTFH'^*5



MX;\.8)OV4A)`4VZ;[JI4@!YB&P-50D`/L8Z!

(&L8Z%RXPP8
MVS@HG3D#QCH.:I?.B+*-A]JQ
X%L8\&67R
+60;U@&(O:C-/U*(4+L9&#*






[V%3W5T'AD3D)9





L7
)KL9T@1/J



:YV)

NZ9Y]!F!#\%/C56S3JEO76O%IO;+F.H`%VK//$Z%)Z'J\9`Q^/HTQH54.
M)ECK3!Z@HD<_J6NXJN5%1H&3.L<A#!K0M`




MA*^RK'6=+[7L?L^R

G;'()
\0MFS;!N]E?.J?4;^
6OY%0I

M9'*VK68D^KJ?1=\
M
S9%3[7

M'@

4

M+3(P
30Q
C

M:2TR
#$T
3(S


M`AX#%`````@`-FN;1M:C%S6_$P``2_```!$`&````````0```*2!MZP!`&9P
M9FDM
C`Q-#$R


0```&``8`&@(``
'``0``````
`
end








begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0$YM'`(``((;```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=

M(4N[32A9$Z/[RGFH&NIUR*TCDYXLK.]U3%_]DCM=K?22N)Q.+WAE3203)W&8




2A.
*A.

MB%6@F%6BF%6BF%6BF%6BF%6BF%6BF%6BF%6BF%6BF%6BF%6AF%6AF%6AF%6A
MF%6AF%6AF%6AF%6AF%6AF%6AF+5`

O
M+G)E;'

MP[HH0;$S8GO7:GBMGU8/H&(B9VD4QQJ.'&%7W=YL7WBDE)MBU_NHLHN+&KJ4


#GB;:


M`/__`P!02P


M1/;';U_-6@':*8782\&1,'DAZ5F9BD]//X^#-5//\=^#+4RJ[6J?&C&M@_[
M6GU__O+A3E4QN=Z80R^5D
T7F_T?#V'VKZ:LWIJ:S4_M895]7R<

G
MUT


M@AMEQ$L#:T/2)DS0A%E:XPQ%SM+^Q]``;6Y'1;LMNT9^;&^6Q(GI..1NNN33




G:T/AK;TXP*?
M%K/H]I0ZO%T:`VM#T@T-P8:&I!L:@@T-2QL?0^-CZ0QGF.%6.L

MYQ_W]--S(Z(GIC27[2).W\_BB+6EK'C[L(A_W7[^]V


M

4$-A*]KWNGX['3-!;L;
M




Z/[9`957X(L-([?T&3P0[?)&*J#P
^6*
MW%'1


Z_=
MA,1(Z8-0)];!EI4'2!_26958!WM6'B#M


MI!P3#8M17E/6

M+W-H965T-YX;6R46%V/JS80?:_4_X!X3\#FTU&2JX75ME=JI:KJQS-+G`1M
MP!&P'_??=\PX@,UFR_W;O#)^

QR
M_BCRUY)7+0:I^25K@7]S+J[-+5J9SPE79O7+ZW65B_(*(9Z+2]'^Z(+:5IEO

80Y$VF\/!60@9;=J




P(.9KUJ$-:D-S


M8I1F+!@V[M93

RU?$379M%?D[0G






X!.9T`\5$25



$



M#=?F3B`E)=E.&UG_MB#_0&5)@@-).H/\X$33

MP*:!F+IEN`7].3`?
[


IHP.RLI@DZK1X3AB-O+D\

D
M'CD)S0))+
!/HFD0]E9:JVPOL%=ES=66KWE5:9+)'=[S`52@'^U;T$V`YW@T



DJ66BL@4!

M`NH/[Y
@F:5QFOV?)?2*G

M2W)G60H


MA




2.U/7


P)U#H.TQ
MKYVU`Y[VVS$6#8K9R?=_8KVWCLQ7;VVS)`_T3\+I7_EKR*^R]Y%/X6I1RB







MATG3#XB=3


M8



$
M%``&``@````A`*EO/:8!+@``YQ


\_?;;








L%WEO
M\S-



!M&5
1<ZY#=W7T\3#,WYA#'M#-CJKLXIM,QF\,FCNEUS05:H=.7EZ[-/CC6QQ[



.@:]@26O
90*%U]?JG2-


@=R!H


MN(

47=;2

1


)*01T@KI



*Z83TGD3=FV)3^I!?UC5EWF



MKS;HS/VU)*UIJIDT*R:MD$X(?A0Z--A0R*B;THE;SPMU+=/$=4T+][CBX'
2





\
MZ
=]F@=

'QSX5T@AIA71^I$















NA-X]P=U

:85T0OJ1T'FC+Z6B





[SD]U4(:(:V03DCO2?2E


9'QWNID$9(*Z03TH\D




H!TY3M9!&2ND$])[$GSQESMQBI<)V]

12VH62$?2@982-*ATC[I@Q5W<V$J`UOIE1&N=Y5A-TV



F3A+8E+$;QY%+P9
MP=LA\D[AQBWUI=Z6B;FIHRYH;=\Q^J.DQ
N7HP@R@@3S`BBC#**(.D6C*

X*W0^1]4QK#=[[H?&_H)H6.YK2%CF8$
M448090111A!E!%&'HNBP9;:;X`L=G7?8#A.K'9U'E04MOPM4^8VZ\Y:=@K`S
MM@M1PRALC
SPN;8AF;.3_(IO#CYA:L[;[X=BJ!=G4?9BYC[
X#*;^)=

NWG;HZ0('

M@B`C#I$@BFB7%HB28(SG1SR3WI#KFGJSADR\-3Y!8$61X%64:09039@NCL

(

M.R68&[PM^$1O[6@;=:ZC2X:KN9^X_RT'D4O!G!FQ&\'2+OE%IN\+:P$[SY

=+1E(EO9

M(
@(@HP@Z%`4'';W7BZ8-P

M\$5BC/!-8@6E3IYB+FFGM.*T%S9RW@\\Z&LCYU%Y/5?Z!::5WU=\D*L5H00N
M4I42

JL
T(9&*$


$)QIYQ)STIWQGCXS@&QY
MV

MP`A%8(0B



MP`F^;D^7X:6CF5T

M.\


L%\^[E05!;

M#P705LZCIE:6W4PJOQ=Z;F5!*((+5


(

W[/D@.UW2R]+

T(1&*$(C%`$AZ+XL




E0
M;O(98?(9P9L1O!G!VR'R3KG%>5]:Z19S@N^.`B=\71@JK


4%PII5+VDG-)#^C&O=[


.2
4@1&*P`A%8(0B.!2]

NC(
L(L@6E5G9G)_&45]S
+NSDO/\[3C'%+^WD


(
@(@HP@Z%`4'#:&7RZ8]Y$/@MK.
M8;=Y_+$Q7YW'QZ?I%-14@EI%G:)^0NG.[$]/ZBFM./6%S9SWDP\ET&;.H_*:
M7M^M^*I^JOS&]'G.!:$*+E

-+.-RFMZL^

H)M07QZ4D^IQ:DO[6D+.Z$$
M
SUMHW)/WV




&F81$\L(JYL1!!E!D!$$&4'0(1)








M
$(-&*$&#I$W7OHMWNEI%

K$M-96(909`1!!TB



M*9W
(*,(,@(@HP@R`B#I%@BB-7%IZ8(SG5PR3NHE^11W-6Y=[V:S/*
@
MR#*+/(
H)L071V$D\QQ8DO[61+-Z$`







M_
;TI95='H3RPBC#((*

(

MZM)EN/#TVP*:E:6D6=HGYJ9/=V4D\Q10GOK5\Q[SH0#:RGE4;F7\&$I;

HC?&.2

X(W(W@[1-XII-S@


MJ)-:BC\NP&HN#[M990191I!E!%E&DV(SD[B*:TX\:4=;2$G%&FHVU4OC7O

M__I:4:.H5=0IZ@

2E/K`(\B@(
M,H*@0R2(UWJ-8!I.44L[.6QSY\6G%;CPU

M/JL@\116W
PN[.2\LSQ.


$(-

M-\&7O_WON/+;T9=.=JFH3PC#*(
(
H*@0R288LD5@I9B@N!


MN)JYE%0FG!%JP`@U8(0:



MBW=@/.(CS:$JTTL_*:H509?$%&$&0$08=(
.41)[AT15N
B:+T$1=$;91-



M-[U7UE^/\9O4%V'_K'3QBS^^@[X-F)H&^HR@SPCZ#I%^2BY7Z%O0\?H'^JM\
MV+LT-*AAD3-;S.'R/X



MQOWLBP+FW)YHSO0$.)='RQ
PYXS@S`C.C.#L$#FGY./F_
(M+F](C\--`8XW
M'X9KB5/#9-[13T(@7AXO:K!E!%M&L&4$6T:P+8A/3^HI[ERA;NDHJ-]/'TX.





M
R
X


M



PE)9
`J5
M*:.P=*DR*8)=41E+;+XR\B61*[\=?RF

MP=/SDB%28'LBL)8?@N%T?NJ#;+P5+VSNHS_QK60+K,HTI7/0,'L&=/=@5C

X(_(_@;
M\@MF7


X(\(\@;TM.3.BRN






L2\`E

M]/2/[^CO-=ZTC?3-\^-O']_^4GWX9?46G4G\6'TX53.\J3YT`W\_/N'EYY_^


$%``&


W.






MU&WR!]^KHW_I0_#/X]W3[O/VV_/Y7X?O?]WMOWP]^WB7_I*Z*WO_]
=/N].C

EM6\K!=+Y^%WGW:G



CL08ZE#!$;+FJRR4
D$T


#!;7=JE+B/

44J_']

MN75:.SF4CI192AD*!H-(

MN8'^![=






B@XE'9/!AAD0/C3BX*E)?C@AFL&!3+:+AE@

L75Y.T64&)3*)6C'(9`GQ
MTA)BE4$$ZL_%VA=M$4*\RA+B'HW:AT%A4'1VWL*=LVB]I0ZADFRRE'AE3
]K

F8+@V)2=!B3

M0X+5!)!!XQ(

M./7RDC!D'@F`Y):EWJ6AWBTN*1A$
6T6-2S5-N/[);



M9E
:^HY/$]8
8H5=^C_@`)L40K($_9_(TO`!]4BG)!!G8'KVPJ
EXPAY%5E.
M41I.H1[I

F,;B(WME:RR/**R
M/`+]BT&!U5SY5P(@N8%+3,O)RG+%N?8#$J



M0&
(MUK6

]L\924VHO9)5EK@W
MAKBKMS`81%FY--[2``DMRRM;PRMQQ=7UPPB;BM=X3^7S++$O[&$/X2I'3-

M`;J'6E#\:3W4'P6D6ES:

MH%`K%D!RR[*!UK`!99P

]1T/*8YQ19R3H$KB3+=MS\!TU

($5&`8WZ8+
MN2K







`OSTW


M9(9UOA-SPKXU9H=*GZI!\6]!1Y103P!&^Y$F&K!ACKZOW/W]!]M%BSXTW`
M(
\UK
)?K=F
HE5S4Q7XGLC&#V]:Z_6#62*`7YZG6+7`6K
9%7+
T.P$`OB!


=48F0-LHO4E)%KETF^W7+IX/;MQL75S=!CG;!'


M8?`-P;


ICV;T,X0XP@!_&`.?R6
M5GFR'@F




`8)?G)&:]M9K]RX)K-?4?VPW





(J

OS`*ZBEOS4





45K&UF@T'%'U8V7K5*2!Z


MG)K;;J-($(;O5]IW0-S'-D?C*
YH[&AV1]J55JL]7!.
8Q1C+3F;??ZJZ*


*I6;N'MCW?S^=-=LC+
MM)E5Y_P$5_957:8M?*Q?YLVYSM.=OJD\SOW%(IZ7:7%R

M96]E?FHQ2)T?TQ;J;P[%N?F(5F93PI5I_?IVOLNJ\@PAGHMCT?[005VGS.Z_







+Y4!9X!<O2WD7
M0&_=+D_=9)87A8F9?H.:I2[OSD_Q`M,Q=901.$JOIIK.!?^GQ+536:)_C(T
M]B@!DL
DF0573W2/;+E`M]/8B^Z1#`JA&;C)MXV3XG-RF#NE[@Z\08UH5X[
MJENW;


MC



MW!TV8F97!)SN#O)RQ!T4W6B=88%9FQ5UU5:GLZ2N.


SO&M2*S5

'1_6;8U9H162@QXD





MF4IY!`'PZ=45;@V(2/&B?C]7V_ZP]./I)


I@OBAQM


KC(E1@[B26


MUB!3*`V3BX5KC`YC/LESVI'Z




931!;LCL2-2BAWC
4
MMMX5U@R*V2QU.@@?EN.IW3QF
)P-7Y=



M`/__`P!02P


MDK+\7)%::A%.2BS!OSC11O1J57Z+7(7YT[FYRUG5@





=.;7(M.P_15G.NEG8ND+I`9@61S4D./UONOB=




E




0EW40\.Q

)P$=1I



&4^&8IOLR9YW+Q6S;@V2</X4Q\Y*/B%)C,%MGB$3(4VV0K
MATPJS)P1%TU)-)H1L-6CZAV$8CSM[;2\F\R]H

M
'Q
&^WD\[V)8@?
V8M[*9%).WZKL1R40N?


M$'VOU']`O_W6Z*0U2:K;2NU4E7U\NR`=81K:SV?W[CIF$`$G3[$L]O'Q


M

M












TYH%=N^X]D6
MKA*:DFH?V[]_/=W-;8L+5*6HH!6.[3?
[?OUYT^K$V4'GF

M38XEKH0F8;A``O3SG-2\92N36^A*Q`['^BZA90T4.U(0\:9(;:M
EL_[BC*T


GU[Q#P!1X'&4+)E-`!


8WD#/I+8):=33_L#%J2-0^R2)4FD,<+^LH
MF*W<%[`P:3;(28P$=L+B.@


%73T54$5G45C2N18%.)[_7
V&A


S_S:*XU15JB%;6?!2`O&I^O-;0ID45]!/RV-@9\])SKQ


M^7^#5)6I*IIXYH!N&E`GI.Z*D9)_86^^'I.JZJD(^CDUH)'MID$
=SXX9PUO
MQH-2:%/-


B)351R``GT99


ML


MD`WL;QR?4D'A5(H



+'.'

M=':SO


)%AL
8WPA+4'U!Y-_^XSFB+OT-O.H
M/T@


471Z


(G(DC@$O3:(E/!X$T__3ND^_YDV^Z)J



!2&[R?M/R#NS@$2*(D54/7K5(G
M3=,^KATPP2I@9#M-^^]WCF+G38EN2!\/'[]VN?XV
OKY[IRG@@7E#4K%WF!

MM@O?%UE):BP\UI(&OA2




*

MF@(M(!I/ZVB^])]@`K


-ZPG5QB6\&6[:EE6R,ZDNB=3#O/
M&/;4-GA49,XO8`5;]JP%N=&(MA<&,S2S5GAZ!C


YV.&=#$WJJZ=4STS
MU677CMA[7TU3JA*/3B0X$-@!B^U


M-.8BF!DDTTIFLO

M`7=5






GKX9CMX-D_

IEEX^H+QZ/J7\(2OQ\-9L-I.GZ?O.@/


T`#_%?)JME86Q7-XZDV)]

M(


*N1\0_9Y:0_S9+GV=ML

3F?C[DTZJ:LO



B*TM4X.--_MOTVG_;98
`D9J0O=RE`X-N'$V


MY&TZ@

MV.ULQP='A2YK)BWNZPK,@YJY-OO]8P(/LN[6--ANAA0WX5OS#^[';F-.YE
M
&*_)I9^;*/TS6@`]TS^`1&]Y]$2ANP4#WKU'*Y$()XEI^/L*L-.]5R1)__R
M*KN]S



\.;9[(?1J#=)SN'Y




8_
MGI@7.;DC8*FN_9P@7+&!U(MKEB+TJ#Y[(`TQP
&3_


KZ5'?;[[V5;@_.=/3PER1JY$(;
9Y`@X(L


CU_



G/!(\GR7






E$4R`


MT7

M3YH4

MR1A-U^.EV9WVT^F'V8]3DT1$5+!M)!?\5;HB+]

MV

M9V_3GHSAF
JF!X!QD:!KM8PK28-!2K2F82JL.*?(
!86K#AYH@*?WA#02S8)
M.3R!;`(B?6\J'&_*Y+&09)DZ8M(\+9&\ZV-FRWR



M&QTZ1):8MPKSF7I+817W(NP_WZ%EI)@I]1C3Q4C:



2P`]%=-)75]ZUQO(@21J
M[)Q(!ZN





MHO%0%;*M]K9J&EV)S-7




M5#
-48S2?B@+6-VQ4V1$B%70
N3W0+




MYGFUL(?_$&0YU\&ANP2?O#N5F^NA





2LH:$3
=(E2'1`0.F45W_7YJ5
MUXOH+=.P\^64)O6$W?9VH[79

B9$

\.



=BHT'T[9*L`)VI&3^
XG=TSYO.
MHZE\(H[&'E)4=?JG+)6]/Y-E#PN`N[`XSZOB&DSLG5P$TJD$UN^G=W?C+]

MG=_R


@7MEI4ID2

H7[U+5^B*WG

*._



ME[\:_:O'

M]D6GNK8^)*$M7#T0:^``9[U_E*PI

M
2B#/I!S#
@.
_R'V=Y:OCL.K+7Q72QCZ7?ATGFI
M0Q2DL`(JIN;F[Z_TMI;F_M(HEH!$'*)Q7`('^&M#[)?L<]Y22!A-!&4E=


M?


M`A


_E



8$+GZ/^\2I9UYH`R(;(

\%G9.$1@GSE
M./;1%HM.K!
ZP4J)]IR=/3XU%V?0?Z





M7&+


M,@R+X.:(3G`W@N[HI1


(6=0KS(709*#&AC+QR(S:22`HE-



M[LU\)TS1I:.@1DA\$`;OM0Q:


MZ]R;G]H

'5

V?4M#C'U+I
FJ)*7D=
:R&#(#1/



G4
MW3)P1%QA2L($78RG==7M+[Q@!KS7(


'QJL^^Q
/Z3OY_:6A=8!HVK3[]F

M@RV&1;N3+?.R]VD^^.^9%QK*AK0H
!2W/O!&N-/2B%45;N\W;SMVM/.=J,G
MC=NS_LM8=$FC@:-U#`01L&2ZZ8\RK#!8T3V
G\1-I2%#O@[NQMJ55:VK]\1

M=+MQ
H?H8;C$WNHT.ITM?BKZ3L*L@C2)X?:=^
T/8:_=T.=C!5Y\GRX'8C_K






UG+0R[(G+M23
MB1NDVJ$`MSB^7$FO2EO@1U!G'A-+[')=N;

MV4

\V@.JO9T8
ML@9*F!;


47(DU.`YPJ$3=WX&+

4:

MHM5RKC]9VZ@[M#)!M*9-'[8#.7)S]C]JBY

MVIBL1_'^Z`5'$EH!11=(B]3YE&$UR2]
?X`5ZUAPJ8VH\S9`3XN$74NA#.]`

M*(K`.%K8MD'2A=:;)!NE7BAX@;BH]GD*N_V1JT?%1Z:W#2M%;O`9=Z7?
'`#


]T9YHXX)JQ\6T^Z:V.SQ50E

6G9K&DU
`'4O'
M!NM$IND43


MV
*I+C]MO


8?-V;/@-P


1PQ\


MV5H#
I8;!U?MY'O*WI1WL^4]Z)9Q5*[9L@C2$Q8@;FUNEO6Y-$7T8BWKT*





NY


M!F]WF*


MF+G5F-/CQ05VPLNCO8A`;/FD*N1G30*$X4XZDC6DV+WHL=8=9E&#0O9PO'




M?ES9EWF8__!!O#[G/X#214FGG^@]$'S

M:WRPJ2ELC\?%B3Z00SDZTOG.)ZI[2`6XZ=?

M

@YY(ZJ?.(-X=P(QXK



%1




V?^T*;






M
WX@;G].B$[__##



*FMFYX''SWL6;)C'Q

/RP/^S/EV$6GN

ME+)'Q4+'CNP%KE7NL7]
C\M9V!47U\BUC
MA*I+/&XQ]6WV:S]?8LA1-NUP6<^:<VC@/*GIDIS.6R\F<)C/G)?0!<NGM3V
MMV%




33M+K4O8G.)XJ[/ESR*





M^USAHQ&0V5D



34EY#


@]#B'GL\WB(?1/GRX


M

UB^)S$&*#
,/
MT
*3OXS7(ML
L+0!$[)V#P)1*LA_+
MH+!FYT



Z7P4*[N;-F
JTRTFI;H6J-^
MW/T*L-#<9?SJ6JU$B`[6*Q3-K?:ZT:V/MS6M<I$L[-V--S?-/9E#
7VNJUE




V[;.XU-QE!\SDS3:B2L6SF2@N[L;*\7


7P46FNTU8X&Q`5^!;E@[
ZR_
B61:*_;3'P-
MBD&#+-:J&#XJZ?B)

J'/Z*[=@UP_

MH=O
;?_


5N^L72?PE<;/K!A7(V'=\0/3T/:V/F_<242
MUMZ\\5N!*S$PB=1C/M
HF?
$*<8B5DP,UG$T,E'/QROT2W9
MW31\I
<,\CQ#H*:H

/9YBY2.(B
M+Q(@'_PL?K+\_N=4=5=7=P]GM-DO`7R1INMZSJESKU
45%
5-Z_118D
*^5J
MQ?M*KEV*GUJY3*NK5M9&WHD/T8LI\6#(SH]Y&//@RV#:'\X&5



M)BNB)


W0GAU(&=4R:S/[GE!U3@*ZHS




M!=Y#JB$*

;\

4=G(.+1]SXFY;#-5C6_AYB7*P@ZER
0`'(2

M.-TZA5S^LIC-7;(:C=Q*2Q%AC-G-;*:RRL
ES%32L$M8Y++^:`QQ#8KSWI?F

'KBQ
8L6;SP]-F+D]J:S-O



M+]O8+(X


MKSQ



M]JS

8M9U


')

N[@#@8.&E#^G






T9EA9*
M[D!MTI+U@X%8HR?K[P#PC@'X0\J:\@7/%G=W'B9G8=BKO!FCL;'#P^
4MF4=


NE1-5@%'BL=5)%

=W.!)L0Q+VKDRPJW!NR)'CN0YBLJ5J.!RX(J6
M,UJXGG09E]$7/_#\W!X8/';F7\=T.`T
?!4/E








()^^-X&[EC;/_=N[_[87
8_
M9@DOHQR

B:+


=WVQ=\8%*0ZR)=(^]X51S):3L%U0VF$8TJC2C


+



MU!PX$!U`A_BR%WX594?I4#*5LT.N3A`CQ\/V+_=X0MY

I;?



$_1@7W-RTKT_=5-8.MZ(%?I?TKC8S.;G9K]_7
-'D
M6

M^(+`B5Z`UT.H?H^HSG\O!J



M


M-']9*
33@`YK/!Q



KDX!B/I\OI=D\*,
M8`T`K^3&,C4(*)U5IG#B^2CVJMC=*=G,$L_%1OQ30_%*6K]2A#37TZKG&8@
MLX\#S#.D6U2(_=Y
_MM+2(
_2(W#7FQC%_;]4(H3-&KJ1M-G=%C%K)GWL$S&



MBMJ87*8X8Z0GV]&JN@8U5*H-9-2[N[$P]_




M;0P_?0=;





M6LP7WL?.TX&AK&K6'`)!`\+
R[QC*X&Z1N;5.1+G#0.;C\4&;\BK=!?!J_%.

9(ZI+VFE
M*T^S.VSXO

Q

I^T&-
M0/+0=MW)2]X'E_HIOKS[XASE;1:3-&+?%3C2SE*.!$61Z[AK?.5I#HN_+/A(
M==U6IF


ZB




M'3B4[[*R3.#=8L4A47`R;:K3*T+CKR3P_MH)[B&N2CE%MD)_E=1QP+@:$;

M

/&PG)X8W^)W#U53$HG42+2\J8J5S1-RQ5U$MA`:8BF^7@02^$9
M^59*OTH^]'$IMR'(:OD!`]A$0P8TRX0E^2G_7R?#[5WC0^/6`W-;A`/*H
M-&&PDCH[1WA-7ICB^ZPX.L4DC,ER]H0RMA&G:#W[4?NKFN%FNI06W-X\+9D
M.B@J[C


MIKXS0D-WLO;]

%
MF
O9?5E&Z_(.)XDKQ)21$B1=W/8H@5T--$$Q


=I!3)#0W&@18OG`-86XHM&J


M
=-\_.J\NAT6A$`P%:MS)N`3+VWECF5\'R8IU3R?XUR7^:MROU6=W[QA*K41
M^/%BQ+'$Y@E'M4M[

BD4

MMS@R$CBEEEU
.FINL++X
ZL\15EE(G8-9'$SKFHH@:D4^S6YT;JR?#WF*U+T

M*
M_8Q
SY2`LGKS`RO:M

8-#[[(FU5BG-4G`^ZQ'`M9G/1+P+FN2@'5:EP2LTWHDP%:6

3W`0KY.7'?:B
M:5CN$X=6,%$=45W[K]FQ#WA(4IR$)#+%!LN;OS4D.Y[RI8<5*Z%MJ1&S$W=
M.
F;F45;FK)AKB6-E)0=BH:XK[GEX8]5NRN?R]Y\

MLW^;3[K=3C*YXX4K2XHZU$+]^5`'WN8!G!GVNY.@ZR$:)Y62JM)P0A(]+K]'








0[0%8L!7W=2H!M
MJO9S3H%

=3):

MK;HE6(Z/8=0YMXPF0L;EK7M[`H=+]UV*#;23Y'YR:RFS*%4S_#@%1?E+X_;
M$I;,V]R1GO+];#9_^;\````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`UY$
`4@





^;


MH39Y8)*%!ZMMLGXZ8A.G:UROJXW_.%W


F6ZLD:A^6[R
M_FSNE*^LS+JD#)\K`S#AY'K1@=2MR.^)B:]SQ

M9^^T3_97[8?`LWQT+.W4V*^Y/ID+//GB

MS!@-#(
Y^3Z):
=?V\\V3NVDN:F(8`P(9J/I['((0/K&E*DZ*X(1`)B
Q]/Q
M8#8TX'_6%72/0+9/Q[IJ5@D1:P2!(I895.)GH3*GV0*K*HHSE60!&K!($B



9&&A&`+&3;FJ]*B
M-I(68C:2!H(VDA:B-D+J'$NNU)/K8`]G2`\)-LUIOQ\O`(KJJ19(@!^)F.
@


N7&0^X]28):J`!G45'ID(8#*?(@`25#`K4*)#R`\52`25**``(T
M1P!P*J*B31X,2#6#&,A5@OZN5$*-2:WD5'9H95GY!?T55II<^6WE9E)O(=!S
M-\.'@M5):56%4EAM`.F9:[`#Y4N,$7E=.ES<HJ_G*'$**+F#(/0)EH
HC
M\J*2U%S0F0.H]LAXCB$!`66(M40`(X2(2(@:+^=T`Q*.J!:30HZH(I!*X/

+^B)G18]\#:WMG?T,4]'X+,_S
MII6!-9AR_;2K6M-E$OW3PLL`DS7.*+6<C:IKUV8/X@
?G&[-D)J06!(JL:`



M@%;U=T+E!K?N\GV%AM?^QD



MM&3!=L&J



MWSLNW$P.=U3CIO@5;)$+O$5\
-G&74KJ[=#G.X06;XTU062(AK]Q`OER

W(1C?L92<*9!'+#+@W&+
HY&O'

'FFF@5]B#_$Q
MC%=Z-!&3Y0+O'KS]0!

!W^[SQCB:REV
MW2(B/CK^D[WF(X?W\!!`BDCZ9.^CT
KBCT^IH:!C/N$MR#(9?(F(G\F1WB\M



0^']
X:'MWAOU+

MS$VXB+5Q%4Q@(?`=V(5=:JU68EPC3V4(PC('M[

9*

MWP=-K2Q%FO7^1JV3T2R`[.




&0$0MZKYY__^KY4_3J^9/CA\^.


MOA7#$%-G!0Z!=@GIG@H=X*TY9F6X#G&-=U=`\2@#7I_==V0=A&*F:`GG&V'D

J6'@XBX-RYF)6Q!U@?%C&NXMCQ[6]60)5
PM*Q_;=D#AB
M[C
];=C$RI)G

$5Q]1

MCALY&2-58

MN6HPF%L3.AL$_1!8N0G'?LT:SCN8D;&VN_51YA;CA8MTD0SQF*0^TGHO^ZAF

M

Y6&`(LU)RO_6@/

M\*])`79T74LF$^*KHK
+(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$XR
T8C-Q@


YJT@'NA6*KM1
M[ORJF)2_(%6*8?P_4T7O)W`%L3[6'O#A=EA@I#.E[7&A0@Y5*`FIWQ?0.)C:







25-

&G*H&AAQZ8/(#DMQS-TJV_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`





MM!06V-D*]#+GI;VTP6FS+@AD(
MN


8.


!^!QM@^5YD0TIC'E`C:=YO-W?


PG'.Y]2
;/D1
BG6R;3C(56:


M;$]:;M2X!$O'@EH93$UU=2%HU\^T'14PC?N?%?S[PC!-'`O$):5BN)`/&/_/
M;?X#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`)%@81(0



M=NYY

ABH)G
M[$YD3S5K%)ITK*(*^&7)6WEPJ[-S[&K:/3ZU5YFH6[#8\(JK5V-*G#J;/VP;


M5










=`4*_1GR



[9ZD58%NPN4F1\%Z

R0!#\
OPWK-2
M-P6*


+@9Q=$?/XW^&P51HQTW.;
M7R+&@*=BYA,Q%F-/2[((L\D5@T9J.&Q\6AK;(NW=YU36=$/;5GE$[$S[Z&<

M!5*XCC

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`!1+JDT0(`

R)AEO9^&J4C%134-_Y41!D?D_X
M@W#4KZ%0]0UI^Q&T&W/!FU)).N(!OVJY:

M?II(
$O?&!:KRH.
M%1C;D61UB:_Y76!_?5J\N<W9SLUNT:J%;O/DE=?^<#`;&B3:<!&B'L#O:O

MSGN2
/.2*
V+-[#X5M%4X`W19+V28H=@:G&HD9P7`)S*:R&/RQ.ERM+Y4*

ANP
MR6Q





ME%5=;]HP%'V?M/]@^;WY@@!%A`JHNE7:I&G:Q[-QG
0BCB/;E/;?[SHF:1*Z

OP(A55*:\RA/\\\?#S0(C;4B5DE)6
M+

UJV`GDTH0`Z\J]W6M

M.ASK&RI%#11[7G+STI!B).CR
:^D(OL2\GX.IX2VW
W+!;W@5$DM
^


M*)
MP%[*@X4^IG8)#OL7IQ^:`GQ3*&49.9;FNSQ]9CPO#%0[AH1L7LOTY9YI





Y6S'RE(C*H]V4D70

VA)LJ-1_=B9-V
MF+TT


L)



MZ&7-4V_J@=-RGE.H0
D3[GZB9[%[


M&


WY-+]4MUCLC/M[\

M_(QLF


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(U+GAM;*R:66_B2!`WU?:

X:.ZNNOH
MKFI['K[_.AV-GT7=E-5Y9EJ#D6D4YVVU*\\O

S


O^ZH^Y2U\


MY;J[+TC]J=S655/MVP&H&]*%8INGP^D0-#T^[$JP@+C=J(O]S'RR@HWMF\/'

:N











5`(67;OIJX*R'%%Y%AM+XV




M
MR)UA/
F93:Q;K:Z1D**9Z$$48Q1@E&*48+C)88K3#*
%ICM%&0ZFIR7Y!=
M?;LHDDN_GM\4R3TMDY)0A%&






R0UGXDBI2Y3[M4^7R;NR6!]


(

AQ8V)




M'X8'KR/!K`K]E75\B]D@OY_13S^P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`6_A'



X
M/OC


M=-I+P_-]/Z@Z.Y[K+IPJ+VL;%5;-%`UQ.)0%CT7Q4O&Z0Y&&G_


M632B%8=N!G(.3M3T'#JA`TK;];X$!S+L5L
/&_N1K3+/M9WMN@_0WR5_:Y7_
MK?8DWK*FW/]:UARB#7F2&7@2XEE2?^PE!(
=8W3:9^#WQMKS0_YR[OX0;[_P



MO_:2R_7$5B`LLS2'7&-






M2&(@J8%D*J([DQUZNC/LYZHS8SLE7Q!AC?V?
62IQBB2#$HW3FH@F8KHQF2S
MGFX
6[MJS-Q)
:7_#X5'D=C@)`.\0B7_5:$MHYTBG32+ZAI-N7?7VZ?=P%

MV3H









MA[N[?OCM]V]_N[F_^Z9#_'K[Y?;I7_N#'A_=W;SN/GV]?[C^]8MT_W-Q=GTS

MW2_.SX]/WKW9._2_M[L_'\W_/WK\?/]G\W#[X3]NO^YDMTY4.`6_WM__%DJ[
M#P%I\@EFU_M3\%\/1Q]V'Z]___+TW_=_MKO;3Y^?=+[7DA24O?[PK^WN\4:6

69D10\4P
X/M4LQE-N0+9
M@E0@-4@#TH)T(+TE3KHN(#.DAVJ]DW3M
-KS]T$LVNC-9HK.O4%78]'8`B`5

M3FBX+JXNPGTOW3S^\J4Q'
F;$
G*7RTOL@88BP:GMB`52`W2@+0@'4AOB?-%
DN<T)!J[8WQQT)#M1<:
M27:2+[.3/!:-)QFD`JE!&I`6I`/I+7':%4AF:`_57GLDTC[(N@+9@E0@-4@#
MTH)T(+TE3FA(/#.4[LN]U(16ZJ/I:GYQFIWGJ6IP9$M4$=5$#5%+U!'U#GD;
M0@+ZZ\V^B(%)M[E!S?N$9
L&DS;IF.9MTY%5!

M*&=#BE7F0IJC,`M4454$S5$+5%'U#OD-8?D8S7_?%?$#.7LBCKBF5^K1BK
MIJX`JA9`-5%#U!)U1+U#WJ$0F:Q#SW1%3%C.AHA


M
2%S![@BVA)51#510]02=42]0UYSR&/V*OC3]XEE3';V`IE0=D'(EPRGJJDK

%P1;8DJ

MF%/58-J6J*JB1JBEJ@CZAWR#LU+FV=,FPG9KB#:$E5$-5%#U!)U1+U#7O/!
MTN89TV965?D:YM3U=053)NLJHD:HI:H(^H=\@[-2YMG3)L)N:Y@VF151503

MY#2O#Y8V]T?R:3

M!:Z(MD0544W4$+5$'5'OD-=\L+2Y9MI
*.N*?&USJIJZ@FF353510]02=42]

Z&L*_*US:EJZ@JF

MLJ[(US:GJJDKF#9951




F



&VRJB9JB%JB



`5T9:H(JJ)&J*6J/J'?*:#Y8V+YDV$\JZ(E_;
MG*JFKF#:9%5-U!U1!U1[Y!W:%[:O&3:3
AU!=
FJRJBFJ@A:HDZHMXAK_E@


)EE66;6O#RZ.&4@'9CI@:L4Z\@IJI7P0?3/+!
M)!]
\L$DW[)


M+
O

M`/SO1+K#-

0^8=N8!


M/R0Y*_\%O1)#H5YL.+G:`VX
BK97\N584S9
E5GCU(')+#9!2:SP&06F,P

*F2#R;Y8)(/)OE@D@\F^99E\D.2L_)?TLQ%'IGQJ!H

)D%)K/`9!:8S+(L




K

\L$D'TSR
MP20?3/(M\_+WVQ%9^3_?*VEG(^?
M-N1Z94SK-M.94-?:-MLFS'WIFK?;#!M

\C%7

M`I-98#(+3&:!R2S+

K8#(+3&:!R2PPF04F


)EE6696



LR^2')6?DOZ)48

M6263?
R5?##)!Y-\

D'DWS+
ODAR5GY+^B5&`J]
V-0M+V=5NW,=-@UCAU
MZ!^9!2:SP&06F,PDUE@


M
@M
9H')+

O0*F7@&3?##)!Y-\

D'DWS+
M
ODAR5GY+^B5&`J]
V-0M+V=5NWB=/0*^-4TRM@,@M,9H')+#9!2:S+
O



D1RS)'0KB;XT@

^6G_)2=_VI/)-
0:*[!3V7#R

M^99E\D
FFR

CH#)$3`Y`B9'P.2(99DC




?;99L&;JMH%*



B-ZIR
+?ODP.;+0F':2TE]]#`[(O#1U8G(JLO`5
MLO%PRV6VM#S















0


MOQ3O



M

!F6QSXY#D]/N\VV.&R^[K=O9Y/DN'U=G^GX3R^[]Q.R[3=]

M_MH

3_';XC4Z+C8UYX#%9&+%A#X'=-HB!B(&
M90RJ&,@8J!C4'AC2M%SFADZ5_\?<Z#1Z;CJ!P!OLJ*)0`2:%#$0
2AC4
5`
MQD#%H/9`




%!M



MIXVN.L9O+%LP?H



M[&LP?H


M5`S6Y`E7E-+-
563+










S11
1*VH=55-E_













&9(X@`YEF89=RO+3AR9+6V)VTO:Q[Q-CIH-SUOIK7UG


5KUO3#]KUI&?I7B_R:

1(`;E<-5+LK0!]965OH



M51Q)CA1'^A51[KC

M

M+_6SYKP-/4B^U(^*\[_06[
^-44ORO5`;]-JEB[FU'EK_)@.MRW_9/F)IIQW

M\WXN\X^S?:C]\^%
K]6B%:7W(]%[U+;T9/5(5]6GP^&

M@!6

M^

/BATDKVQ+HGE)

MC.BE8%H9E5D/Z$B;Z-CSDBP)
T4-I?ZGC-R[R
MPL)Q3\&1,Q:GKP_<,*@HT'CAU#$Q54(<$52N-:`BM7YGX4J2W@*?+Q328
MS@/=MS81^$X,6('8Y7\UZ$ZKI8E[%C@WK%$,V\Z]Z/@?1+29M08?*6KE=:

U7Y!E*QSK

M/8*`:*\





E''@HU47&;MQ`/NOVF]VX?4.)+C)P


MC-Z\-QM'J^LGV:)'KHU078&3*

MU^N/'U9[I1]

S*-VG_6HOPJ.@[%AC:Y!FR5

M.R:F6@@`KD@*-QE0$/KD[WM1VJ;`V2Q*+^?)?`%XM.7&W@G'B1';&:ODGX!*

LZ2]TE(B

8&I`T/74CF.1`_'I&D(K#
?TAB--H0YOCXUSG&H


M.'N2ZYI_XFUK$%
[MSA2.$VC==QIF]0UX:5]EF_\02#C!]@U/:WY-ZIKT1G4

;?U/HO````

M='


M^ZX[^9;5%ONRSML!.95'^
74T602_



M[@A/


)N`0Z'40

MB$2(Q(@DB*2(9#)1)(`=3)'@?NK4&E84[%YWU@

M$8D0B1%)$$D1R62BR`&9?4$.:MW+(9)8

M1)$%BE:1Y?YRH-9J[HS(\X](@$B(2(1(C$B2(I()A,E49@=)5%V/@YH%]+M
MJ^)E1:`@X`Y(8`+YR`['6D0-7].)I=#88U(P


J6-\3TY'ZQ7&D8[?QAR::]PN3/0=\









;!A
MJ

!OEQ`9APJ$W6319

Q-F
M/8]P(



RB`M05#SCM2LTL=;=$U,#Q(Y80&]
M=4V]R=046;`PZ]&-`TD6!0M-4\:T(Y$3&=;9&/)$
EJGOUQ`GJ3T#(`F'0A
MS!

M)@LP@+$U3!
2.;$`O8D0E@61A073716.(BD4&_2SQO0'L1
(T%O/UIM
$
0$
M!/=W!KU):&OU
WU![%3]Z$VRL=4?D^K'HIGS.3
.)%FL(&#Z@M@)!.A-LK$@

M(D2QP'R1D]\PC;L;K)M9K36.)&DL
/#73%^0.
$`O4DV%@:)!08BR6;TUCB2
MI+'0P%\S/4+B1`/T)ME8&B2$!G*GIK^2QE$DA:5'\-=
CY`Z40&]]6R]R:1
M2JAPOX;0FX2VPH#I$5(G&*`WR:9@8!%8(!XFVZL4Y
*O0G^

8#J$U(D)
MZ$VRL4Q(+4P043#CW@.)&FL7&Z!?EV

3/2


M7D&DYZ==`3



MQ]WW3WF]!44AS%(&)M*V/`(!^+TX%:8T0)'L6_OWO=@UAXVGPF40^4H`?/&2


M:#H3`X9
6P


MR`;


!^S#6YW@]<L_Q?#!4HWK_)-Q!TH\SLFZ&U
7'5FF7^`HT;.JO?
M\JB!7`BRMA/T6'O%&5W.






M$:




.'K[]VN\F/ZMCLZT/CU-Q9TTGU6%=;[:'U\?I?_^3SA;327-:







+N-[_CJEF#




AR!C)X.VVR+YF#8.K-MCZJ;#PF^
M8R]MSS675PP9


042J04RB0(Z`2M(1;EY07[5!^WL&0!JZ_&Z21
M;H-.?5Y.!



#LAY'F$S;(+/;PQ-&3NO=-OGW5--T1IF
M%
<'M%E2GR9DERFI)<IV65*?IE2

#I'3GX01!6(*)!1(*9!1($=`;13'HM:EH!W*


MR1B2
Z1@2#E$3%&DZ_V*&B635'()1`*).%5//%%G6MNC)BAB0
21F2
23O

R3MD

R16^Q6^BR!7
M7L%ZE)_W,(61?O0&8=^FL)0GRZTQY7U3&ZMJ&OLT33-9(P3LJ0C&Y0E`C


MU[FM&_L/(OQK^




MUDYY[

-?T&C$NUND





D84C*D(PA.4
*A6`F9D*X4$/D

X;D
M1H!`.)[MDFNU





MX8VN69

M9P+?!($)0A-$)H@U

X)L@
M

^(P$C(2
1([%.B.NP?1#7


19X9
MB]P8-8O
B


B
N(QXC/2
!(R$C$
M2*P3XJCH@8BGLB$:B.ZT.F3;UW4.]SUT#!UI[D#CH]HAH4(C4`M#Q5BT6QY'

9&A81(]$^\;VS!]
MRR\?A0DJ9A



/



M%*Z.F-TTXPQ:M4STI*QO:.D


:T!*L=$AH9)-*YZ53##=-M##&RW+$ZJ
M)=:KFC




M\/C08/GIQ-I:+$47!LMIGK%'\%5%G6GLS!3.U+\!LC
S_!+#/#-9PD\T';.`

M(`@#ALW




MY';U^=-R)]6S+CDW#C`T.B6E


MX2T\8%HM
P$.
.V.XGE*UD%R%X3$6RUM@OX(OM



M3


8%3&S.)2

9
OET$_T$2$$0\IA\T\H]:!X!+HY;A.8
M+L\F@JWZD

Q=P)\N%9PWEN@CX^0NCKN9CU5/2R%X+-5'
M9A

2Q1A\9V9G[Q^TLQK*G[2!X+-5'IB470!^;^(G@
M4)Q6L-/&$OO0V
Y_3FZ`9_P@C6?4$/U.K0]--PAZ^(C:[E`

W7












M75;

M(+;!R@:)#5(;K&V0V2#7P)4;.6D4/X_Y&1NF)Q2B(4$2E_7TDY:R:!#4(;

M8VKE6FLD!0^`A$`B(#&0%9`$2`ID#20#DNO$$)-J(4/



Q.T$^*:*T:-G6[
_&L(6;*
M0KK.#3^FZ*PVQBV%$OV/\OQ7HM/6L%6=E]A4K\@^%VROQ0*AJPXH0*L0480H







:(4H090B6B/*$.4&
L5B6XD[Q.([#T



&QGS:)-G10DVC;2!0*JRN1
/R8D6`%
M]^T9YO+Z7
/`FDZEO78Z1M.@('JNA]!G^XE[`2RYC)AQI5\F2
MO=.U]I&(0H&TTCPRK,Q(V-73+\:)51*)*.I377'KKKE45BJEVH82A=***^YZ
MGKV;C:1%A^+WE3`NEC`&8IS*PT%:!4*9BN-S059TOX'9G!5WPC,SAB4F@Y
M;N7FTFVMI+P!HE`BKCB]3L:K6/=CSH2MJ'?,A_`QDPZUF3?A_6BM5(S`12Z


MKV5-WX91%M`W

`4$L#!!0`

097DJF`

[#4!)W$=P!1V3L[Y

W.CVVKTVNWDO
^.Z3G
MM\?VGW^$OPW;K;S8G0^[8W9.'ML_D[S]^]


+

O18=



D?7LO*-PN]8AU
MS#_\#))\3QXE
QW;99;VV9$:0'];IY0-#?+([L=CVZ8'IX?B_;'M##JNUW
L





M)`A=%/\/]?PU%T+UY(L;U4:ZVJ(2DF%;@J$5D'6EI;3(
O9KFTI(FMX*4@Y(

@

MM7K46\8F=0YJ

=/;\0

4220$19CQS5'Q5@@(S#&+FQ12TGW+='6M&Z
M5E2#8RQ2FUI*FM]JMO3PL#,9GGZ_N'2S:H$QBP1R:2.F#&TCH4^$E!+;0K2
MB%(4C90^K:5D)T.T-4
4246M7;:1MN:H&$M%K5VVL1XL:BG9KB7:6B%:UXI*

M?S$4^

M[1D^+I)(G\HP%
!6W*38

!341NA#




FQ26O]N7E9:O]]2W\LM(F

Y9
ZVN



J^KICJT4SGTX'B.:_UM0Z6=IM]3
@89_4Q6&K


MF:)&+&8$KLR(
1^



S]ILMZFK]PFL77CRS34C.X'A$&L\P6B(^Y3[*.
@U8B5)V)F
MJT$(()D:6;?=_.5L=&_0VKG3,;%,HJ$QR5('A.SO@H%80JB%00JR!102H`


M#X2#2'?AX)-P*;%I?2%+W$/$1R1`)$0D0B1&)$$D%8DT4:@?TD3IOC@E=:L]
MEOFK6]&R.;(4+-C_Z*Y(C
CSI\1:#WF/B$_)8MYMH^;
4-9.T-_G40V1C0B1

MB#?3'&;6V8Z0[1B19






(HQBC!*
4@G)02.-KQBT3[8H(JYL




M
WZ@$!;AV^X$(\N''KO`<ZTKME+\7M6OY27

M\]#=OP```/__`P!02P


\/+4-+-G]]W+Z-O




MMTL=Z[I


9`$2`HD`Y(#*840H@
MM4HT-]



I@)1`*BU2K00T,#70G!ZYF;2NI\Y4?,:B`\D`!(
MB8#$0!(@*9`

I@)1`*BU2C2GLAKO#*]VXKI;!3+R%^H2=AW:!@Y+HC\HRIP.
M$(6((D0QH@11BBA#E
J$)6(*D2UAG3'LV)&+1M/S\6LHC;R62#%I2M$/J(`


&5[F!8_F95$#T:K;UXVS

MU3JI.ZI;43-X&5`4B&B%&
*$&4(LH0Y8@*16BE&M(=W+K)`YP\N\[B%[

48ZH0%0BJA#5&M(=
MSXJ=
QS/:R/-\6JY)-(;D.\`A%B)$,:($48HH0Y0C*A5BI$M89T+[-2
M1_7R;Y^(.+QHT@+0UU%JYL_-S.^E9)K[PI:RK0P0A8@B1#&B!%&**$.4(RH0
ME8@J1+6&])BP2DF-R2^VY;RPTAROUEHB\P'Y#J``48@H0A0C2AEB#)$.:(
M48FH0E1K2/.R:U:=OYWYG26](!7(V+$;C])6@U2?^8@1&B%&
*$&4(LH0
MY8@*16BE&M(3TFYQ6D+A:D`BDSQPJ1CRA`%**$,6($D0IH@Q1CJA`5*J
G<3RB<7ZU2!O.M^\[-
MY`NT&)ZT!8A5(P0Q0+-:2932@?CT5XR2,EQEB+*$.6(D0EH@I1+1!WCAX/

MIQ+IBL;SDVR0DI'
,C<E%@&B4!ETHL0Q0+-
M=9<:1W@)*J8+71%XW`D&Z2&6$'C1?#HIJJ(WBM!JDI/E:LZ6/B_



ILX8Q]:_8.Y/L-&08

$C)3H9H*T(42T7MOEQC-DM0
96*VN;-=:,;)2]Y6CK0)1





8<:
M'AYJ*2?)KG&I+@:I.1*X2


SGPQ
MGQE;RU`:PD748^6XTCFV5Z:MZZ\ZR8MXK9


M0BR43G$VS/V7:$T3R9[J9_'6ZT+2:,K_^7[2)[Q=_TD=&*IB5@UD`]-A







MO]Z]#UV%NV.?&H?GY]UF6QPVW_;;][



YC#@

_#';G3V*BB6)_7G^Z/A^\#N-3@


MYW'0ZA)TD8`@I25($H0+8@1I`Y)M!PPLY]8#AO=+`=-XM$1F#N1E2%(*4@


ETCU6'=:&&A*42R:Y$7^!O2EXV.U\^1J;-;

2:8D
(5^K)M34BN=L31LWKGFVN($&






QO?@H3C-EA3H18]63
9KFV'GISWC-;3





2N74^45W)$32@YHJ$1W:XWFTA'3G6D
ML
#5R)7M):PF






JJA5T

A.O#?DYN;_I9Z4J65A)I0AUR

MU6;9\TGSMXL=[FHB33LBIBS^G!VC(F7U
NV8B
J/5`J^N$C4H@30?0H2R7
MV*6LL'Q\T5YMVB?2M.*E5-.T5YS92$O!HJ0CY*2:0E
H1\K9I0B[*L.^7V


M*QRLHV/A@;=TK*MMN_V+.7:;C2C2E;3M%.454Q+R6J@(^2@ED9;($/*U:D(M

WR&F*_[('1



Q?)CDS=C75:E'6U?8=Q*4A5X]5!8B+Y`$P.QE82\







M65'K7

M0.*A*(ONK1?5M2KWTE--F^RAA+Q?K7F6#]K]!R1?%7E#6WKL9B!G\`O%.=\9



M

AKWG%QC%5.Z9S$:'/0-6


RD[;$QY7`

MWO1O&.!`_^-=D8G(^7/B]N=='^

M


@I\`C-KP,(C!F*Q#'2GMA@_L\;72]M_`0``__\#`%!+
M`P04``8`````$`NY\!S.\'```-*```&0```'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE
M970Q.2YX;6R<FEVOVC@0AN]7VO^`<E\@WX`ZG2K[E;:E5:K_;C.@7(@0E
M.3WMO]_QQ(XS8YLDO:EZ)N

G=RIO5378[9I?REN^\[WGMO=___-/VK:R^U.<\;V80X5;OO'/3


M

S;S@L@<7%LSCLO3.9QN@Q]<)\]

M0C=+UR1A=B+(DXBR\Z!1(7\-E?VZCY+E=O$5JG&0/A]:'_BW\_$[CP7
IIL2
M3*



M)EI1QQD:
N(
9#


M!#



M6/&!'9N(FFBBASG7\0(-)MPXX^6J-$;W%94AN)UOI0(4R/)I$(O5D'==@Q

`H-3$!X



MC#X#V3KJ]$-K:
N22B_8H-`9[0\EP=(Q@602B-;[E!ELGQWSQ#?3KJBI68
MN%&F?J




M!](LRD17R7&2IC:,C#G5<2#KFC5NZOM&.5%Y^(X`=-)8$%OIMP)EA0F8(`E

[F2
M1):N98S!8WUX'Z;=W:6[.B@3*:GO.%73261!;Z9(PL:BR$*6
=_6IY(CO9N*
M
E%)CC

_4]GV@]J6;:UZ]Y+_DETL]
M.Y2OXET?^(USO^W

;.IP_29+-$S#:\B3UX0FJY6/2://4OM?$

MK9Y=\A
LX!+/@:I]G:O]HRGOL+#P2E;9P&M8^-\SO':7P^M)2_%9\%26C?H#
M4B^Z%_GV_P
``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`-U.C'IO`@``U`4``!D```!X



G!NJ2KI+B;D[9

/8@!^&5%#S




MJ-GT`8=JX`U\YZ:1O24=U$@9CUY
&





M)*C8\FE72T6W)?A^BV+*CMSVX8R^$DQ)+7









&W7AQPB8+(;
PH1L<!6AT^?U!DHC0C9\J8
GJ!
T^(L;V8**
MDSB!$9!XBQZDCN.KG$43C:H


.2YGEX7_E(20?8SEB=%L

&CL#_H0VC8=K(J'82Z



?:RH_Q&O9$/+M1!7AT9B1H_1^9.'S]?(&T#4?+LQ<\2UY@H3O32FS`

MJ\6QM05ZG9%


\[5'4]Z


M2&DC/[`)NN?)[=\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#U
8YL
TOI=%M(RQ(U.[G$Q!F--X1O








MF680H9\`$7\IC9+_%?
%``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!C*O]Y-`
``!`+

O87!P+GAM;B!`$HH``!````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M`````````````````````)Q66T_;
!1^G[3_4.4=4F@U32@-&FT92`RJI;!'

ME7+Y.`GNEY='7X.!L52F5@)DV`')CB//W^*%EH5HT'


P_+78&`X^A;40C.J


2VX%F+ML0;7U0!Z/FI@K%#7B&M`^BP1K@\RE1;[(M:RSS543^2&&







M?#+WQ5+-\.':;U/MP\B]OY#BGK&_?SV(KG1TL(9F:XI#N9T+_/^PNU^#_6
M&Y^

H?.EI'.WQ'P```/__`P!02P$+0`4``8`````$`A.;0
MAP@``&P``$P``````````````````````6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM
M;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0U53`C]0```$P```+`````````````````$$$

P(``*D:```:````



M+@``YQ


M
RYX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`\Z^3-'83``X?P``&0``````````````

R+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````




M````````````X(


M!@`(````(0!5B32`T5@``.)I`0`4`````````````````#*'``!X;]S:&%R
M9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#7D0P!2`P``*QQ```-````
M`````````````#7@``!X;]S='EL97

MI6V4!@``IQL``!
`````````````````J.P``'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX
M;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`*LEI/5X#```4@``&0````````````````!M

M%@81(0





O

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`
M!@`(````(0#I!P0'M0(``+





M/CPA[@@``&$K```8`````````````````


M````(0`-RI?AY0(``(

M````````````````?7


MN3U4Q


M:&5E=#(Q+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0`F/[4*`04``*
2```9````````



P_BX-X


M
YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`]3&.;#(!``!``@``$0``````````````


M`!0`!@`(````(0!C*O]Y-`

 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockSplits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_CommonStockSharesIssuedForSettlementAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_CommonStockSharesIssuedValueForSettlementAgreement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_FairMarketValueOfCommonStockIssuedForSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfSecuritiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtSixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtSevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtEightMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtNineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtTenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtElevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtTwelveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtThirteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFourteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFifteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtSixteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtSeventeenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtEighteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtNineteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtTwentyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtTwentyOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtTwentyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtTwentyThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtTwentyFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtTwentyFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtTwentySixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtTwentySevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtTwentyEightMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtTwentyNineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtThirtyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtThirtyOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtThirtyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtThirtyThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtThirtyFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtThirtyFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtThirtySixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtThirtySevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtThirtyEightMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtThirtyNineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFortyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFortyOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFortyThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFortyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFortyFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFortyFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFortySixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFortySevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFortyEightMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFortyNineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFiftyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFiftyOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFiftyTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFiftyThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFiftyFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFiftyFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFiftySixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFiftySevenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFiftyEightMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtFiftyNineMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis=FPFI_ConvertibleDebtSixtyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPayableCurrentAndNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=FPFI_CommonStockOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockSplits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_CommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentSharesIssued1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueIssuedForServices'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtConversionConvertedInstrumentAmount1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesReverseStockSplits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_WarrantMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_WeightedAverageExercisePricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAggregateIntrinsicValueOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TypeOfArrangementAxis=FPFI_EmbeddedWarrantAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_IssuanceOfWarrantToPurchaseCommonStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_WarrantExpirationDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAdjustmentOfWarrants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesCPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_NumberOfStockExcessDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_ExcessPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssuedPricePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesBPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCapitalLeasedAsssetsTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumLeasePaymentsForCapitalLeasesTableTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 style=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeaseObligationsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_FPFI_IncomeTaxReconciliationEffectOfIncreaseStateTaxRateOnValuation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times


<p style=font: 10pt/normal Times New Roman
 Times

M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C8C8S-F0P,U\U935F7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P
M,&1A-C`X-S0B#0H-E1H:7
@9&]C=6UE;G0@:7
@82!3:6YG;&4@1FEL92!7



U\U935F7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y
M8F4P







T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


M+U-H965T
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@

#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@


M971S+U-H965T







\+W@Z3F%M93X-

T0B5V]R:W-H

T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$

O4VAE970Q









M=&UE;G1S7V%N9%]#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R




M965T
3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z



\+W@Z3F%M

M=F5R=&EB;&5?3F]T97-?4&$Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YC;VUE7U1A


O4VAE


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S
M+U-H965T
C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@




M971S+U-H965T





M7U!A

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX

O4VAE970S
RYH


#I.86UE






O4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@(`\+W@Z

O






M87-E7T]B;&EG871I;VYS7U-C:&4Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H








M9G0@17AC96P@6%`@;W(@;F5W97(N/]P/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



CX\



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



2P@
C`Q-#QB

#$U

]
T1R



]
T1T97AT/C`P
#$P-3@S
S`\





]




]
M







M/3-$=&5X=#Y997





]
T1R93X-
'0^


]



]




]
T1N=6UP/C




]
M







]



M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$515$%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PV-C


S+#



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)Y/]T






]


C
L

S
L
S







]

]






]


]

S@X+#DU-SQS



@9'5E(&]F9FEC97)S/]T9#X-B`@


















]


]

]
M



M8FEL:71I97

]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


RPT













M1&YU;7`^
2PW
SDL



]

M;'5E(0P+C`P,#`Q(#(L,#`P+#`P,PP


34U+#4S
B!A;F0@-#$W+#@T-B!S:&%R97



S4L

#4L



2PV
C`L-S4R*3QS


M9VX]
T1T;W`^5&]T86P@3&EA8FEL:71I97


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
S+#

]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@





]



T1T
M;W`^4V5R:65S($







]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M965T
#

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$4S3$%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@






]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^

BPP
#`L
#`P+#`P


#`\




@


]

]
T1P


#`P


#`P
M

]

@875T:&]R:7IE9#PO=&0^#0H@



#`L
#`P+#`P
M

]




#@L
3@P/'-P86X^

M97


]

]
M


]
T1T97AT

]
T1P

@875T:&]R


T1T;W`^4')E

]


M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C8C8S-F0P
U\U935F7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P
M


M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O




S$L
M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]

]


T1T;W`^4F5V96YU97
\+W1D


]
T1N=6UP







]
M

]

M
S$L




]
T1N=6UP/C(Y.2PX




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M-#$X+#`P












]

M



]









M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W




@;VX@;F]T92!C;VYV97)S









]

]


M


Y+#`X


]



]


SDL


]






M97)A9V4@3G5M8F5R(&]FPJ!3:&%R97



S9D
#-?-64U9E\T
M9C4P7SEA961?.6)E

O4VAE970P-2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1T97AT


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#8L
M.38Y+#0R

M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#8V


@870@1&5C+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q

]
T1T97AT








]











34L





3
Y/'-P86X^




M



2PR-S











]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N


]


]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P

]



T1T;W`^
M1&ES8V]U;G0@;VX@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT









]
T1T

]
T1T





]
T1T

]
T1T









T1T





]


]


]





















]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S=65D('5N9&5R(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!A9W)E96UE


M
T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S=65D('5N9&5R(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!A9W)E96UE;G0L

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


]


]






#4L


M-RPV





]


#@L










T1T












]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]
M

]
M

]
M











M-C
L











]
T1N=6T^*#$L



2P@
M



]
M



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-RPQ
S4L




R/'-P










V9#`S7S5E-69?-&8U
%\Y865D7SEB93`P9&$V
M



]
T1R







T1T;W`^/'-T

]

]
T1N=6T^




M:71I97


]




T1T;W`^*$=A:6XI(&]N



T1T;W`^
M1&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='D@97AP96YS93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1N=6UP/C



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X+#`P
M


]



]
M






]


]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P.2PV



T1T





]

]
M


]
















]

]
T1N=6T^*#
L
M

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^061V86YC97

\+W1D



T1T;W`^*$EN8W)E87-E





]
T1R974^#0H@




]







]


]



]




M=&]P/E!R;V-E961S(&9R;VT@;F]T92!P87EA8FQE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


C(Y+#`P



]


]





]

]



3`L




]
T1N=6UP/C(R



]
T1R


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
S+#

]
M


]
T1N=6UP






]



T1T;W`^27-S


C0L-C`P/'-P86X^


U\U
M935F7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P

M;G0]

2!R



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#






T0G

M;W)M86P@5&EM97

24-)15
\+V(^






@3F5W(%)O






M97



M-2P@
C`Q





M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@87!P;VEN




M8W1I=F4@075G=7-T(#4L(#(P
3
@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD-F-O;7!L971E9!A
M(#$@9F]R(#$P


BPY
#

M.2PP
SDL

M('5P('1O('1H92!N97AT('=H;VQE#0IS:&%R92X@5&AE(&-O;G-O;&ED871E



M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M(&)I;&QI;VX@*#0L
#`P+#`P
PP,#`I('1O(&9O=7(@:'5N9')E9!S979E


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


2`R.P@
M

#`P+#`P

M
#`P+#`P



M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



30W.T)O87)D)B

N+!A($YE=F%D82!C;W)P;W)A=&EO;B`H=&AE(8C
30W



T0G9F]N=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@










T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



2!F;W(@
34P(')E


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@=&AE(&%C8W)U86P@8F%S:7
@


M82`H)B

S$@9FES8V%L('EE87(@96YD+CPO

@3F5W



M5&EM97

M/E!224Y#25!
15
@3T8@0T].4T]

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z



M960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='

@26YC+B!A;F0@

N

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,XU:6XG/B8C

M;W)M86P@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G
M9F]N=#H@



M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@86QL

M9B!T:')E92!M;VYT:'


@


M;BP@5&EM97





C`Q
RP@
M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(&YO=!R96%C:&5D(&)A;FL-F)A;&%N8V5S(&5X

M='

T0G9F]N=#H@



M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@





M0R`R










M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@









M='




@3F5W(%)O



M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@

M;F0@;&EA8FEL:71I97

M96YU97


T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

#L\

M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M


@87
@=V5L




38P

@


@4D5#14E604)






M)B

@;F\@06-C;W5N='


M97

Q+`R,#$T(&%N
M9`R

M;BP@5&EM97




M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY.150@
M24Y#3TU%(A


M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C




M(S$T.#L@0F%S:6



M97(@
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
N($1I;'5T960@96%R;FEN9W




2P@


M;6%T96QY(#$R-BPX
S8L


M;F0@
C`Q


M;W)M86P@5&EM97


@3F5W



M5&EM97



M9B!I='

N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&9O;&QO=W

M($%30R`V
#4M
3`M4SDY+3$@;V8@=&AE($9!4T(@06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N
M9&%R9'












T0G9F]N=#H@
M


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU
M:6XG/B8C

M86P@5&EM97





M;G

-F%R92!A8W%U:7)E9X@



M=&EO;B!R:6=H='
65E





M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@


M9V]O9'





M97




C`Q
R!T;W1A;&5D(0T+#DU,!A;F0@)#(Y+#4W

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M(S$V

T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^#0H-







T0G9F]N=#H@




3
N($%L


M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4






M;VXF(S$U


M97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^
M)B


@

L(&%N(&%S






M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@







M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@






TQ,P@=&AE(&)E;F5F



M=&EO;G




@9&5S8W)I8F5D(&%B;W9E('-H;W5L

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

M=FED97




2!T

M8F%S:7

#$S+`R,#$R(&%N9`R
#$Q

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C8C8S-F0P
U\U935F7S1F
M-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P




T1T97AT

M:7

]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@





M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C







C`P

S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
M
3

2P@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6-O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C0E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

34E.R!B;W)D
M97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N
M=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M

3(O
S$O
C`Q
M

M='5R92!A;F0@9FEX='5R97


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`L-S

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


M;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@


T0G;&EN

M97



M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M;65N=P@;F5T+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



T0G9F]N=#H@





'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI
M9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T




T0G;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W


M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG+6QE

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M

@3F5W


M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V(V
S9D
#-?-64U9E\T9C4P7SEA961?.6)E
#!D838P

O4VAE970P.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

M;'-P86X]


M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

]


]



M97

M/DY/5$4@
R`F(S$U
#L@4D5


M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@




M
C`Q





T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@

C`Q-P@=&AE
M($-O;7!A;GD@8V]N=F5R=&5D#0HD,3$L,#`P(&]F(&$@)#(R+#`P,!C;VYV




M=%]C8C8S-F0P
U\U935F7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]



S$L(#(P
M




M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M07!R:6P@
C8L(#(P






M=&AE(&EN9&EV:61U86P@9&%I;'D@=F]L=6UE('=E:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@
7
@9'5R:6YG('-U8V@@

M5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








2!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]U='-T


@



38P.SPO

@3F5W


M
S$L(#(P
30@86YD(#(P
3
L($ER;VYR:61G92!R96-E:79E9`Q-C,L,#8U
M(&%N9`T.2PS
S




M9FES8V%L('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T#0IA;F0@
M82!L;W-S(&]F(0Q
#DL-C`P(&]N('1H92!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D(&EN('1H
M92!F:7-C86P@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3
N($%T
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R
#$S+!T:&4-F)A;&%N8V4@;V8@





@=&AE

M
C`Q




@869T

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C8C8S-F0P
U\U935F7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P
&1A



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]




]



T1T;W`^3F]T97
@

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


#L@3D]415
@04Y$($-/3E9%4E1)0DQ%

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M-6EN)SXF(S$V

C`Q
RX@06QL(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R92!D871A(&EN('1H:7
@


M5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^




F4Z(#$Q<'0G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

M-24G/B8C

M;&4]



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

#$S/]B/CPO9F]N
M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

B4[('1E

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

S`L

M97)T960@=&\@

M($-O;7!A;GDN($EN(#(P
3
@=&AE(&YO=&4@;6%T=7)I='D@9&%T92!W87
@
M97AT96YD960@=&\@4V5P=&5M8F5R(#

M=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

C`L
M

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M



M;&4]


Q-C`[


34E.R!F;VYT+7-I






M
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




34L
#`P(&YO=&5S(&%R




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@










M

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P


3$U)3L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@




34L
#`P(&YO=&5S(&%R92!A;'-O(&-O;G9E


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C





M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O


Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/D]N($UA

M
#DL-3`P+B!4:&4@;F]T97




M(#


M=&AE(&-O;7!A;GDN(%1H92!N;W1E(&-A;B!B92!C;VYV97)T960@:6YT;R!C


M92X@5&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(')E8V]R9&5D('1H92!D97)I=FET:79E(&QI




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X-

T0P(&-E;&QP
M861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q





M


34L



M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B0\+V9O


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M-2PP

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



38E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

3$U
M)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[(&9O;G0M


T0G;&EN




M93H@

T0G;&EN92UH





M/B8C

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/D]N($]C=&]B97(@
CDL(#(P
3
@=&AE($-O



M8GD@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY+B!4:&4@;&]A;B!M871U


S
L
S
T('-H


#(@=6YL97-S('1H92!#;VUP86YY('-E;&QS

M:7





4N/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



T0G9F]N=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G

M5&EM97



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M93H@

T0G;&EN92UH



M

6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M


34E


G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

BP@
C`Q






M8V4N(%1H92!C;VYV97)S:6]N('!R:6-E(&ES('1H92!A=F5R86=E(&]F('1H




@



M=!R871E(&]F(XP
C4L('9O;&%T:6QI='D@;V8@
S8X)2P@86YD(&%N(&%S


M
#@L-C8P(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97
N/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


M4V5R:68G/C4S+#`P




Q-C`[



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9VAT.B`Q


M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U




C`L





M:6=H=#H@



M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



T0G9F]N=#H@




M.B`Q


M


G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@






M('1H92!;&%C:R!38VAO;&5S($UE=&AO9!T;R!V86QU92!T:&4@9&5R:79A

M+B!4:')O=6=H;W5T(#(P
30L('1H92!N;W1E:&]L9&5R(&9U;&QY(&-O;G9E

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G=&5X


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




M/B8C



M


3$U)3L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

@=VET:!A
M(&9A8V4@=F%L=64@;V8@)#(R+#`P,!W87

M=&5D(0Q,2PP,#`@;V8@;F]T92!I;G1O(#(T+#0T-2!S:&%R97,@;V8@8V]M
M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY+CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2PP
#`\

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

34E


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L

3)P

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


RP@







@=&AA=`D,XP



M92!;&%C:R!38VAO;&5S($UE=&AO9!T;R!V86QU92!T:&4@9&5R:79A=&EV

M(#
R

34E
M)SXF(S$V







M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

3$U)3L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG




3)P

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



6QE
M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P


M;&4]






R!D87D@=')A9&EN



@365T:&]D('1O('9A;'5E('1H92!D

M=&EO;G

C4L('9O;&%T
M:6QI='D@;V8@

M9B`P)2X@26X@3F]V96UB97(@

S4@;V8@;F]T92!I;G1O(#

6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH

@




G!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U
M)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
M














L






M;7!A;GD@:&%S(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@9&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='D@9F]R
M('1H:7




#@E+!A;F0@86X@87-S=6UE9!D:79I

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT





#L\+W`^




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M.B`V

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

30@=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@97AE

#`N(%1H92!N;W1E


M5&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@:&%S(')E8V]R9&5D('1H92!D97)I=FET:79E(&QI86)I

M960@9&EV:61E;F0@;V8@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@


38E.R!T97AT+6%L



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[(&9O;G0M


T0G;&EN










M/B8C

G!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V

M

M9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M+C`Q



T0G;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W



M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@




34E


34E.R!F


M:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V


M)B



RP@
C`Q


3(E



#$S-2!W:&EC:&5V97(@
M:7




4N($EN($IU;F4@,C`Q-P@








C8L-C8W('-H87)E

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\





M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[


M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[(&9O


T0G
6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q



T0G=&5X
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R
M:68G/D]N($IU;F4@
S`L(#(P
30@=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@97AE8W5T960@82!P

#`N(%1H92!N;W1E(&)E87)S(&EN


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO



T0G9F]N=#H@


'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9VAT.B`Q


G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U
M)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
M





PP,#`N(%1H92!N;W1E(&)E87)S(&EN=&5R97-T(&%T(#8E(&%N9!I






M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



M)B



M;&4]


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[


M
6QE/3-$)VQI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P.SPO=&0^

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$T('1H92!#;VUP


B4@86YD(&ES('-E8W5R960@
M8GD@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY+B!4:&4@;F]T92!C86X@
M8F4@8V]N=F5R=&5D(&EN=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T(&$@9&ES8V]U;G0@


@=&AE(&%V97)A9V4@;&]W97-T(#
@9&%Y('1R861I



@;W(@:7-S=65S('-T

M92X@4VAO=6QD('1H:7


@


@365T:&]D('1O('9A;'5E('1H

M=6UP=&EO;G

C4L('9O
M;&ET:6QI='D@;V8@
CDR)2!A;F0@86X@87-S=6UE9!D:79I9&5N9!O9B`P

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V






M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U
M)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q



@3F5W(%)O











M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



Q



M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[(&9O


T0G
6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9VAT.B`Q


G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97








M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q


M;&4]


6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E.R!F;VYT


34E.R!F;VYT+7-I


M
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N
'0M86QI

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C







34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[


M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[(&9O


T0G



6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q








T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


M=#H@


M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U
M)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[(&9O;G0M


T0G;&EN




M93H@

6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q




6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/E!R

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M97


Q-C`[

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W

34E.R!F;VYT


M:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[



M(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T
M:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M


34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M
M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G8F]R9&5R
M+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97










G!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U
M)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#(N


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M
C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

C(X+#8Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



S9D
#-?-64U9E\T
M9C4P7SEA961?.6)E

M.B\O+T
Z+V-B-C
V9#`S7S5E-69?-&8U
%\Y865D7SEB93`P9&$V









S$L(#(P
M





'!T

M.B`P)SX\8CY.3U1%(#8@)B
Q-3`[(%-43T-+2$]
1$524R8C
30V.R!%455)

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@
#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\8CXF(S$V,#L\+V(^/]P/@T*



BPP
#`L
#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@=VET:!A('!A

XP,#`P,2X@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@86QS;R!H87,@,3`P+#`P
M,PP



#`P

#`L

XP,#`P,2!P87(@=F%L=64-E!R969E


M
C`Q







T0G9F]N=#H@






M97



M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



@;V8@4V5R:65S($(@4')E9F5R


M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY397)I97


M

M87
@=F]T:6YG#0IR:6=H='



@8V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@:6YT;R!C



@;V8@4V5R:65S($



M5&EM97








M92!H;VQD97)S(&]F('1H92!397)I97



@



S0[4')E9F5R96YC92!686QU928C


M9B!397)I97



M/B8C

M5&EM97


T0G9F]N=#H@




S
R`H-3`P+#`P



M:V5T('9A;'5E(&]F(0R+#DU,X@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D#0IA;B!A
M9&1I=&EO;F%L(#8V+#8V-R!S:&%R97
@:6X@3F]V96UB97(@


34L


M;W5N='




S$L(#(P
30L

38S+#`V-2`H





@=V%S(&5X




S$L(#(P
30L#0IT:&4@8V]M

C`L


M:71H(&$@9F%C92!V86QU92!O9B`D.#8L
CDR('!L=7

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M-6EN)SXF(S$V


2P@

S$W+B!4:&ES




@3F5W(%)O;6%N


Q+`R,#$T+`T*
M=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#0P+#`P,!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T

M(&YO=&4@=VET:!A(&9A8V4@=F%L=64@;V8@)#@V+#(Y,B!P;'5S#0IA8V-R
M=65D(&EN=&5R97-T(&]F(0S
38N(%1H:7

M


M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M
S
L
S

M86QU92!O9B`D.#8L
CDR('!L=7

T0G9F]N=#H@

M
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
M

M97


M(#
Q+`R,#$T+`T*=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#8P+#`P,!S:&%R97
@


3$N(%1H:7
@=V%S(&5X




S$L(#(P
30L#0IT:&4@8V]M



M:71H(&$@9F%C92!V86QU92!O9B`D.#8L
CDR('!L=7

T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M-6EN)SXF(S$V


2P@

RX@5&AI


30T

@


M;BP@5&EM97



3
L
S



CDR('!L=7

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

2P@





38P

@


Q


3


M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M('1H92!Y96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#





M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

34V+#8V-R!S
M:&%R97


M87

30T+CPO

@3F5W



M5&EM97


#`L


M;F]T92!W:71H(&$@9F%C92!V86QU92!O9B`D.#8L
CDR('!L=7

M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

#$T+`T*=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#(S
M
RPS
S




M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




B!P;'5S

@97AE;7!T(&9R








L
S

M9F%C92!V86QU92!O9B`D.#8L
CDR('!L=7

'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


#$T+`T*=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#(Y
RPS
S



M;BP@5&EM97





B!P;'5S#0IA8V-R=65D(&EN

M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@

#$T+`T*=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#0P+#`P

M)#0L-#@X('!L=7



M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


#$T+`T*=&AE
M(&-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#0P+#`P










M;&4@

M5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



#$T+`T*=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@
M:7-S=65D(#(P+#`V-R!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('=I=&@@=&AE


T0G9F]N=#H@

M

M(S$V


2P@

RPP
M

BPP
S
N(%1H:7
@=V%S




S$L(#(P
30L#0IT:&4@


M92!W:71H(&$@9F%C92!V86QU92!O9B`D-3
L
#`P('!L=7

M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M

#$T+`T*=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#8W+#`U

M;V8@)#4S+#`P
!P;'5S#0IA8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R97-T(&]F(0W-RX@5&AI


30T

@


M;BP@5&EM97




RPP


C@N(%1H:7

M


M96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M
3`Y+#$X

M=F%L=64@;V8@)#4S+#`P
!P;'5S#0IA8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R97-T(&]F(0Q

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X

#L\

2P@
M

RPP


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



2P@
C`Q-P-G1H92!C;VUP86YY(&ES


M;V8@)#(L


M/B8C

M5&EM97

M8F5R(#

M
RPP

@=V%S




S$L(#(P
30L#0IT:&4@

30S+#`W-R!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K

M=&4@=VET:!A(&9A8V4@=F%L=64@;V8@)#4S+#`P,!P;'5S#0IA8V-R=65D

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

2P@

2X@


M

M97


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


L



L
#`P('!L=7
-


M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



#$T+`T*=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@:7-S
M=65D(#$T
RPP




M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q


M
!P;'5S#0IA8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R97-T(&]F(0S

T0G9F]N=#H@

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/CQB/B8C
38P.SPO8CX\+W`^

2P@
C`Q



M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT
M+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M96%R(&5N9&5D($1E8V5M8F5R(#

RPP

M9B`D
30N(%1H:7



M
S$L(#(P

30S+#$X
B!S:&%R97
@



T0G9F]N=#H@



2P@
C`Q-P-G1H92!C;VUP



M:6XG/B8C

M86P@5&EM97

M8V5M8F5R(#

RPP


M87

30T+CPO

@3F5W



M5&EM97




M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

#$T+`T*=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#(T

M=64@;V8@)#(R+#`P
!P;'5S#0IA8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R97-T(&]F(0W
BX@


M

M97


M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


S8L
S



C4L
#`P('!L=7
-


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



#$T+`T*=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@
M:7-S=65D(#(S




M/B8C

M5&EM97

M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T+`T*=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#(T+#8V,!S:&%R
M97


#4N(%1H:7
@=V%S




S$L(#(P
30L#0IT:&4@

C@L-3


M92!W:71H(&$@9F%C92!V86QU92!O9B`D
SDL-S`Y('!L=7

T0G9F]N
M=#H@



M(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

2P@


C8Q+B!4





@3F5W(%)O


Q+`R,#$T
M+`T*=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#,W+#$P,!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N


3@N(%1H:7

M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V

2P@



M-#DN(%1H:7



S$L
M(#(P




SDL-S`Y('!L
M=7


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



#$T+`T*=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@
M:7-S=65D(#@Q+#`P

M(&9A8V4@=F%L=64@;V8@)#



M9&5R(')U;&4@

M;W)M86P@5&EM97

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3
L
3DS('-H87)E


SDL
M-S`Y('!L=7



M:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


#$T+`T*=&AE(&-O
M;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#$Q.2PQ
S




T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M-6EN)SXF(S$V


2P@





@3F5W(%)O;6%N





M;VYT.B`Q

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

#$T+`T*=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#$W


M=64@;V8@)#$U+#`P

T0G9F]N=#H@


#L\+W`^

2P@
C`Q






L
'0M





38P

@


Q
M+`R,#$T+`T*=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@:7-S=65D(#(P,PP




M5&EM97




M='




@3F5W(%)O



M;B!S=&]C:R!A;F0@8V%N8V5L;&5D(#$S
RPS
S




S$L
M(#(P
3

34L


L(#$Y




@9&5S8W)I8F5D(&EN('1H:7
@9FEL

M=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!R;W5N9&EN9R!O9B!S:&%R97



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97














C8L-C8W


M97(@
C8L(#(P
34N(%1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!W87)R86YT('=A

M

Z(')I





@9F]R('1H92!P
M=7)C:&%S92!O9B`R+#8V-R!S:&%R97
@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K#0IO9B!T




2P@
C`Q-2X@5&AE(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@

M=6UP=&EO;G





M97

M=&]C:R!O9@T*=&AE(&-O;7!A;GD@870@)#`N


M:&]L97


M;V8@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


-F]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%S(&]F
M($1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN
M9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI
M8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q
#`E.R!B;W)D


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M-B!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@



M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V

M/C0L
#`P+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M($]C=&]B97(@
C$L(#(P
3


34E)SXF(S$V

PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

3
S+#
S

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O
M;3H@8FQA8VL@

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

XP,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M4V5R:68G/C0L-3
S+#
S-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

M/C`N


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@








M:6=H=#H@



C5P=!D;W5B;&4[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M.B`Q

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@


!M;VYT:',N($%L;!W

M8V4@;V8@)#`N

@:&%D(&%N(&EN=')I;G-I8R!V
M86QU92!O9B`D

2P@

M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V(V
S9D
#-?-64U9E\T9C4P7SEA961?.6)E
M

O4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


]


M1#$^

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^







M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
XU:6XG/CQB/B8C,38P.SPO8CX\+W`^#0H-CQP('-T

M97

M92!#;VUP86YY)B




M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&1E9FEC:70@;V8@)#@L-S4V+#`V-B!A;F0@82!W;W)K


2P@

30V.W

M;VYT:6YU90T*87
@82!G;VEN9R!C;VYC97)N+B8C


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



N($UA;F%G96UE;G0F(S$T-CMS('!L86X@=&\@;V)T



M='


38P

@


@;F\@87-S=7)A;F-E('1H870@=&AE($-O






M;G




M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


]
T1T97AT

]



L(%-E
'0M:6YD

Q-C`[)B




M+#`P
D@=&AA=!M87D@8F4@879A:6QA8FQE('1O(')E9'5C92!O=7(@=&%X

#

M92!T:&4@8F5N969I='

M)#
L
S4T+#`P








M







38P.SPO



38P.SPO







T0G=VED=&@Z

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE
M/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E





Q-C`[

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@


M(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

34E)SXF(S$V
M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

3$U


M=#H@





34E)SXF
M(S$V



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V

C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M








@87


2P@


L(%-E
'0M:6YD






T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


@




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


@





T0G9F]N=#H@



M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




T0G=VED


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N



24[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


34E
M)SXF(S$V


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

BPU-#DL
C

34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34E)SXF(S$V




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M

T0G9F]N=#H@





Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[




M871I;VX-F%L;&]W86YC92!I;F-R96%S960@8GD@)#@P-PW-C$@:6X@
C`Q


@4V5C=&EO;B`S.#(@:6X-


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C8C8S-F0P
U\U935F7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P
M



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M='


]
M






M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY.3U1%
M(#D@)B
Q-3`[($9!25(@5D%


T0G9F]N=#H@




M(#@R



M97(@875T:&]R:71A=&EV92!A8V-O=6YT:6YG#0IG=6ED86YC92`H05-5($YO
M+B`R

@5&]P:6



M:6XG/B8C

M86P@5&EM97


@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@

M)SXF(S$V

M97


M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^
M)B




@9F]R



M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



M86YD('1H870@87)E('-I9VYI9FEC86YT('1O('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F

@;W(@;&EA8FEL:71I97







M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE


F5S(&%L;!F:6YA;F-I86P@:6YS=')U;65N='




M=&EO;G
@87
@861J=7-T;65N='


@;V8@:6YT97)A8W1I;VYS#0IB971W965N(&5M

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






30V.W
@9&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI=&EE


M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^)B
Q


M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V






M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M


M;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M=#H@


M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


3$U




T0G9F]N=#H@




M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!C




M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97
'0M86QI9VXZ(&-E;G1E









M8V%L+6%L:6=N.B!B;W1T;VTG/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

B!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E
M)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M9&5N=&EC86P@07-S971S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V

B!S='EL93TS1=T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/CQB/B8C


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



M



M)B

M=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:68G/CQB/BA

M;&4]

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:6=H=#H@


M:68G/CQB/B8C
38P.RA
979E;`S*3PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\



E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


M/B8C

M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


24[(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS



M

M9'1H.B`Q)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97





M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M:68G/B8C




T0G9F]N=#H@


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


38P.SPO9F]N=#X\






M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\=&0@





@3F5W





34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


C$L
M-#

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M(#QI/B8C

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4:6UE





M

T0G9F]N=#H@

M;&4]

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@


M;W)M86P@5&EM97

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V(V
S9D
#-?-64U9E\T9C4P7SEA961?
M.6)E

O4VAE970Q-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]



M8RX@
S$L(#(P




M;&4]


`F(S$U,#L@0T%0251!3!
14%312!/0DQ)


M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY4:&4@0V]M


M;V)L:6=A=&EO;G

M97)A=&EO;G





M(S$V

M97



T0G9F]N=#H@




@3F5W


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



Q


34E)SXF(S$V
M





Q-C`[

34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


M
34E)SXF(S$V


M

M93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M



M


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@






34E)SXF(S$V



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


M;&4]

@86-C=6UU;&%T960@9&5P
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/BD\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M



34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C0X+#
T-#PO


M)B


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@






2P@

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@



M+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C(P

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^,34L
M-S`U/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C(P


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^,34L-S`U/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C



M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

RPY



T0G;&EN92UH



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


M(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC



34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SY

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C8C8S
M-F0P
U\U935F7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O

@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97



]




'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






96]N87)D($=O='-H86QK+!#;&EN=&]N($AA;&PL($Q,0RP-E)I




M5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@8F5L:65V97




M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V(V
S9D
#-?-64U9E\T9C4P7SEA961?
M.6)E


M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4








]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#





]





'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L
'0M




M

N


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

#8E(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M($9E8G)U87)Y(#$L(#(P
34@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@96YT97)E9`T*:6YT;R!A

@

M;VYT.B`Q
'!T+S$P-B4@5&EM97

M

C`Q-2!T:&4@

M;W5R;B!#87!I=&%L+!,4!F;W(@)#(X+#`P

@3F5W(%)O

M-6EN)SXF(S$V

6%B;&4-FEN=&\L(#(U+#8T


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C8C8S-F0P
U\U935F7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P
&1A



]


@86YD

M4&]L:6-I97


]
T1T:#Y$
M96
N(#





]
T1T97AT



M(S$V





@
M:6X@=&AE(&]R9V%N:6

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J
M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C


M3VX@36%R8V@@
34L(#(P
3

M0V%N;W5S92!W87

M





M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@





CDL
#

M;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:&%V92!B965N(')E

'!T+VYO

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


#$S('1H92!N86UE





#`L
#`P*2!T;R!F;W5R(&AU

#`L
#`P*2X\+W`^


M;B!-87D@
C@L(#(P
30L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&EN8W)E87-E9`T*=&AE(&YU


M+#`P



T0G9F]N=#H@
M



M-6EN)SXF(S$V

M($




M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M4V-O='0@36%R=&EN(&%S(&$@;65M8F5R(&]F('1H92!;V%R9!A;F0@4V5C




M=7-T:69Y)SY/;B!*=6YE(#0L(#(P




@0VAA:7)M86X@;V8@=&AE

M17AE8W5T:79E($]F9FEC97(@)B
S.#L@0VAI968@1FEN86YC:6%L($]F9FEC


M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY/;B!397!T96UB97(@
2P@
M



#`L
#`P*2X\+W`^

'!T+S$Q-24@5&EM97

2P@
C`Q


M('1H:7





M=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4






]




L(%-E
'0M:6YD



@86YD('1R





M;BP@5&EM97

M259!3$5.5%

M;VYT.B`Q



@;V8@=&AR964@;6]N=&AS(&]R



L
'0M





M0R8C
30X.RD@=7`@=&\@)#(U

@




T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@





S`L(%-T871E;65N=`T*





30W.TEN9&ER96-T#0IM
M971H;V0F(S$T.#LI(&%S(&1E9FEN960@8GD@05-#(#(S



@86YD






M1B!&24Y!3D-)04P@24Y35%)5345.5%

'!T


30V.W
@





]



@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




@=&AA

M='
@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&%T('1H92!D871E('1H92!F:6YA;F-I86P@





M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



M86P@5&EM97

M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



L#0IL86)E;'

@8V5R=&%I







M5&EM97










2P@
F5R;R!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN/]P/CQS<&%N/CPO<W!A;CX\


]








L(%-E




@

BP@8V]M;6]N('-H


S$L(#(P
M
30@86YD(#(P
3

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P







@-C`U+3$P+5





M(&1E=&5R;6EN86)L92P@86YD#0HH:78I(&-O;&QE8W1A8FEL:71Y(&ES(')E


M

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4


M9&%R9'
@9F]R(&%L;!S:&%R92UB87-E9!P87EM96YT('1R86YS86-T:6]N



@=&\@96UP;&]Y965S

M:VYO=VX@87


'!T







M:6YS=')U;65N='



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE



Q
M+`R,#$T(&%N9`R




T0G;6%R

M86P@5&EM97



M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


30W.U=E8G-I=&4@


M960@87


'!E;G-E9!A<PT*:6YC=7)R




@3F5W(%)O





]




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SY214-%3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!04D].3U5.

M5&EM97

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@86YD(&$@;&EM:71E9!N=6UB97(@;V8@9W)A
M;F1F871H97)E9!S=&%N9&%R9'

30W.T%30R8C
30X.RD@
M:7


M(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B





M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P







L(&%M;VYG(&]T:&5R('1H





@

\



M)SY!('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4@:7


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97













M:&%T(&5X8V5E9'




!P;W-I=&EO;G


M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@











M=&AE('-T871U=&4@;V8@;&EM:71A=&EO;G

M9V5M96YT#0IH87

2P@


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C8C8S-F0P
U\U935F7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P
M



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO

M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]



M



]

M;CH@



2P@
C`Q

T0P
M(&-E;&QP861D:6YG/3-$
!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6-O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C0E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M)3L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E)SXF(S$V

M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@



T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM




3$U

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXQ+#@T





3$U


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M

3$U


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


3PO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

2PX-#$\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



M=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B@Q
PQ
M-S(\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B@Q+#`Q


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



34E)SXF
M(S$V

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M



M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@

M=#H@
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

M9VAT.B`Q







3$U




V9#`S7S5E-69?
M-&8U
%\Y865D7SEB93`P9&$V





]

T1)1#!%3$4^#0H@(`@(`\



M1'1H/D1E8RX@
S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-H
M961U;&4@;V8@0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@3F]T97,@4&%Y86)L93PO=&0^#0H@(`@



@


@=&%B



38P.SPO


T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=!#86QI8G)I+!(96QV971I8V$L(%-A;G
M
M4V5R:68[('=I9'1H.B`Q







M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@




#$T/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT

M+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@

S$L(#(P
3



M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8R)3L@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@

38L(#(P
3(@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@97AE8W5T

#`N(%1H92!N;W1E(&)E




C`Q



M92!;&%C:R!38VAO;&5S($UE=&AO9!T;R!V86QU92!T:&4@9&5R:79A=&EV

M(#@X

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/B0\+V9O


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@



M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U
M)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
7!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
7!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q



@3F5W(%)O

#`N($EN
M(#(P
30@=&AE(&YO=&4@=V%S(&UO9&EF:65D(&EN=&\@=&AR964@;F]T97
@
M;V8@)#$U+#`P

#$T+B!/;F4@



#(U

M(')A=&4@;V8@

#`@;F]T97
@


M8V]N=F5R=&5D(0U+#`P,!O9B!N;W1E(&EN=&\@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D




M=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M,7!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q


M;&4]


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[


M
6QE/3-$)VQI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P.SPO=&0^


T0G
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@

3
@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@97AE8W5T960@

M86-H+B!4:&4@;F]T97





M('1H92!;&%C:R!38VAO;&5S($UE=&AO9!T;R!V86QU92!T:&4@9&5R:79A



M92!B=70@;F\@9&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='D@=V%S(')E8V]R9&5D+CPO

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@



34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@

M36%R8V@@
3
L(#(P
3



M)#$P.2PU

M(&EN=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]F('1H92!C;VUP86YY(&%T('1H92!A=F5R


M('@@
RDN($]N($IU;F4@
3$L(#(P

@=V5R92!S;VQD

@:6YT




#$S
M-2!W:&EC:&5V97(@:7

@;V-C=7(@=&AE




M97








M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M

@3F5W(%)O

M-6EN)SXF(S$V

3`P)3L@8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3$L
M(#(P
3



M('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%T(&$@9&ES8V]U;G0@;V8@
S4E(&]F9B!T:&4@879E


@;F]T92X@
M5&AE(&YO=&4@:7



T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M/C$U+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\




M


34E


G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*









M;'



M(%-C:&]L97
@365T:&]D('1O('9A;'5E('1H92!D97)I=F%T:79E(&QI86)I



C4L('9O;&%T:6QI='D@;V8@-3DY)2P@

34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


BPU

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


@


M:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V



M)B


34E.R!F




#$S('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5X

L
#`P+B!4:&4@;F]T



@=&AE(&%V97)A9V4@;V8@



M:6%B:6QI='D@9F]R('1H:7






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



Q

M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@

L

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN




M93H@

T0G;&EN92UH



M

6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

6QE/3-$)V9O
M;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/D]N($IA

#$L(#(P

M;W)Y(&YO=&4@9F]R(0R,PP
#`@87


M92!H879E(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@;&EA8FEL:71Y(&]F(0Q,PW-CDL(&]R('!U



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M







3)P

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



6QE
M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P.SPO

G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#$T+!A
M(&YO=&4@=VET:!A(&9A8V4@=F%L=64@;V8@)#
U+#`P




M:71Y(&]F(#

M


3$U


34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]





M:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*
M(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V



M)B


34E.R!F




M97)T960@)#$Q+#`P


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C






T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q


M;&4]


6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E.R!F;VYT


34E.R!F;VYT+7-I


M
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N
'0M86QI

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY+B!4:&4@;F]T92!C86X@8F4@8V]N=F5R=&5D(&EN
M=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T(&$@9&ES8V]U;G0@;V8@
S`E(&]F9B!T:&4@

@=&AE
M(&%V97)A9V4@


M:6YG(&$@


M=&AE($)L86-K(%-C:&]L97
@365T:&]D('1O('9A;'5E('1H92!D97)I=F%T

Z

C4L('9O;&%T:6QI='D@
M;V8@


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P.SPO


3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE
M.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
M,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q


M;&4]



3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


30@=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@

M8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY+B!4:&4@;F]T92!C86X@8F4@
M8V]N=F5R=&5D(&EN=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T(&$@9&ES8V]U;G0@;V8@




M(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@9&5R:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='D@9F]R('1H:7
@;F]T




M=F5R=&5D(0W+#$S-2!O9B!N;W1E(&EN=&\@,S8V+#4Y.!S:&%R97
@;V8@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



M/B8C



M

G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V



RPP
#`N(%1H92!N;W1E(&)E87)S(&EN
M=&5R97-T(&%T(#@@)2!A;F0@:7


M(#



@






M9B`N



T0G9F]N=#H@
M



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\





T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C


M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



T0G=VED
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/D]N($IU;F4@.2P@

P+#`P

M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]F('1H92!C;VUP86YY+B!4:&4@;F]T92!C86X@8F4@8V]N
M=F5R=&5D(&EN=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T(&$@9&ES8V]U;G0@;V8@-#(E


@=&AE(&%V97)A9V4@;&]W97-T(#

M8V4@9'5R:6YG(&$@

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



38E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M
M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


M=VAI=&4G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@






M




#`N(%1H92!N;W1E(&)E87)S(&EN=&5R97-T(&%T(#$R
M)2!A;F0@:7






M)#`N
#$S-2!W:&EC:&5V97(@:7


M;W1E('5S:6YG('1H92!;&%C:R!38VAO;&5S($UE=&AO9!T;R!V86QU92!T


M

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@



M)B



M;&4]


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[


M
6QE/3-$)VQI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P.SPO=&0^

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M
B4@86YD(&ES('-E8W5R960@8GD@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]F('1H92!#;VUP
M86YY+B!4:&4@;F]T92!C86X@8F4@8V]N=F5R=&5D(&EN=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T


@=&AE(&%V97)A9V4@
M;&]W97-T(#

3`@9&%Y('!E


@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]F('1H92!#;VUP
M86YY+B!);B!*=6QY(#(P



30L('1H92!T:&ER

Q
M
2!O9B!N;W1E(&EN=&\@-#(P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K
M(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY+B!);B!/8W1O8F5R(#(P,30L('1H92!T:&ER9!P

2!O9B!N;W1E(&EN=&\@-C4U+#



34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M9VAT.B`Q


M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U
M)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[(&9O;G0M


T0G;&EN




M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@



@

M(&]F('1H92!C;VUP86YY+B!4:&4@;F]T92!C86X@8F4@8V]N=F5R=&5D(&EN


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M97


Q-C`[

34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@







Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q


M


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N


M

M;W(@)#4P+#`P



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M

T0G9F]N=#H@

#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T




G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U
M)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL





M9VAT.B`Q




@3F5W

BPU
#`N
M(%1H92!N;W1E(&)E87)S(&EN=&5R97-T(&%T(#(R)2!A;F0@:7



R!D87D@=')A




T0G;&EN92UH

@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@




M


34E


G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




#$T('1H92!#;VUP


B4@86YD(&ES('-E8W5R960@
M8GD@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY+B!4:&4@;F]T92!C86X@
M8F4@8V]N=F5R=&5D(&EN=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T(&$@9&ES8V]U;G0@


@=&AE(&%V97)A9V4@;&]W97-T(#
@9&%Y('1R861I



@;W(@:7-S=65S('-T

M92X@4VAO=6QD('1H:7


@


@365T:&]D('1O('9A;'5E('1H

M=6UP=&EO;G

C4L('9O
M;&ET:6QI='D@;V8@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V






M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U
M)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q



@3F5W(%)O

#$T('1H92!#


B4@86YD(&ES('-E8W5R
M960@8GD@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY+B!4:&4@;F]T92!C
M86X@8F4@8V]N=F5R=&5D(&EN=&\@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&%T(&$@9&ES8V]U


@=&AE(&%V97)A9V4@;&]W97-T(#
@9&%Y('1R


M
XP,3,U+!W:&EC:&5V97(@:7


34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN

M97


G!T
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF
M(S$V

Q-C`[






F4Z(#$R<'0G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T<CX-




BPU
#`N(%1H92!N;W1E(&)E87)S(&EN
M=&5R97-T(&%T(#$R)2!A;F0@:7




M82`Q



T0G

M5&EM97



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



T0G9F]N=#H@


'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU<W1I9GD[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q


M.B`Q


G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@
M9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V
#L\





PP,#`N(%1H92!N;W1E(&)E87)S(&EN=&5R97-T(&%T(#8E(&%N9!I







T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T



M

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

@3F5W(%)O

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U)3L@9F]N=US
M:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG



M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24[(&9O


T0G



6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q







G!T)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U
M)3L@9F]N=US:7IE.B`Q
G!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ(&IU

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C



M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C0X+#@Q
3PO





T0G

M5&EM97



T0G=&5X


Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@




M/B8C



M


3$U)3L@9F]N
M=US:7IE.B`Q,G!T)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@



Q-C`[


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M;CH@
#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^/'-P86X^/]S

M;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V(V
S9D
#-?-64U9E\T9C4P7SEA961?.6)E


O4VAE970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M1&5C+B`S
2P@

]



T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P=]N;W)M86P@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4









T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C0T-%149&)SX-B`@(`\





34E)SXF(S$V
M




M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M.B`W
B4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


#`L
#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

38P

M.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=#H@,3!P=!4:6UE

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*




M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@

#PO9F]N=#X\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C






34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

S
L
S

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




M)B

M(#(N


S
L
S

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@

XP,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR
M-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@




T0G9F]N=#H@

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@








C

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES




3(@

S$L(#(P



]



]


T0G9F]N=#H@

M
#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V,#L\+W`^#0H-CQT86)L92!C




38P

M86X]

M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



38P

M86X]

M;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



38P


M;&4]



M(#$Q-24G/B8C


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT
M.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

S@V+#@V



M97


24[(&QI;F4M:&5I
M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

@;F5T(&]F
M(&9E9&5R86P@8F5N969I=#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G9F]N
M=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


M)B



M
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M-#
S+#4X


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@



#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




Q-C`[

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

3PO9F]N

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C




T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


34E)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L

M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T


T1T;W`^4V-H


]

'!T
!E9F9E8W0@870@=&AE


M;VQL;W=S(&%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$T(&%N9`R


@3F5W(%)O





M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@
M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@

C`Q-#PO
M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V


M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M+6AE:6=H=#H@




Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3$E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN

M97

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M



T0G9F]N=#H@

BPU-#DL
C

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


T0G

M5&EM97

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





34E
M)SXF(S$V

M


34E
M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97




T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M
S9D
#-?-64U9E\T9C4P7SEA961?.6)E

M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-B-C
V9#`S7S5E-69?-&8U
%\Y865D7SEB
M93`P9&$V





3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

M=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

]

]
T1T97AT

]



M5&EM97

M/E1H92!#;VUP86YY('5S97
@3&5V96P@
R!I;G!U='
@9F]R#0II='
@=F%L


@87



@87-S=6UP=&EO;G
N
M(%1H92!#;VUP86YY)B






M5&EM97

T0P

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C







M=#H@


M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V


M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@



38P

M86X]


@3F5W



M-24G/B8C

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



Q

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M/&(^)B

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM
'0M86QI9VXZ
M(&-E;G1E<CL@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M(#$Q-24G/B8C








38P
6QE/3-$
M)V9O;G0Z(#$P<'0@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N+!4:6UE<RP@4V5R:68G/CQB



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M

T0G9F]N=#H@

Q-C`[26YP=71S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\
M+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M

T0G

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@


M5&EM97

M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V
M,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
3!P

M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@

M/&(^)B
Q-C`[*$QE=F5L(#
I/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


R4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!B;W)D97(M


M:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@
M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF
M(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3@E.R!B;W)D

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
M
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

24[


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

T0G=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U



M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=B;W)D97(M
M8F]T=&]M.B!B;&%C:R`Q+C5P=!S;VQI9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@


34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXM/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M



M3&EA8FEL:71I97


T0G9F]N=#H@


#$S

@




M8F%L86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E



24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@




T0G

M5&EM97




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL
M93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



34E
M)SXF(S$V











T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F
M;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@3F5W





M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@







T0G9F]N=#H@






^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5:1CX-B`@(`@

M86)L97

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#


]


T0G9F]N=#H@



M(&)E96X@8V%P:71A;&EZ960@87
@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,XU:6XG/B8C


T0G9F]N=#H@


3$U


M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


34E)SXF(S$V
M





M;W1T;VTZ(&)L86-K(#$N-7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

2P@
C`Q
SPO=&0^#0H@
6QE/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D
M/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M
34E)SXT.2PQ-C
\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@,24[
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W)3L@=&5X

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M)B


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D



M



34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B@X
3D\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL




M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
2XU



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P


34E)SXM

T0G;6%R




]

'!T)SX\+W`^#0H-

2P@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C(P

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^
M,34L-S`U/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/C(P



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^,34L-S`U/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C



M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

RPY



T0G;&EN



Q-C`[

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXV-BPW-#8\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M;W(Z(-#0T5%1D8G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B!W
6UE;G1S/]T9#X-

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO




34E)SXF(S$V


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R


Q-C`[

34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SY

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
M8C8S-F0P
U\U935F7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P
&1A-C`X-S0O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


!-;VYT:',@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@

]

]

]

]

]
M
T1T:#Y$96
N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^4V5P+B`P
2P@









]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

BPP
#`L
#`P+#`P


#`\











M;W5N='

]







]
M






]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@;F]T97


3(V+#@S-BPR


3(L







]


]


]

]
M


M;&4]


M9VEN.B`P(#`@.'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`Q
'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




]


]


T1T;W`^36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^








]
T1N=6UP/C(L


]






]
T1N=6UP/CDW-2PP
#`L
#`P/'-P

M+#`P

]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97,@:7-S=65D/]T


CDL
#


]


]






M
BPP
#`L
#`P+#`P


#`L
#`P+#`P





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R




]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#

S$L(#(P
3


]
M

]
T1T97AT


T1T

M:69E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XS('EE87)S/'-P


M87AI;75M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X




]
T1T97AT/CQS



^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$4R2T%#

M/3-$




S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H
M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

]
M


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@







]
T1N




]
T1N=6T^*#$P+#$W

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#`Q




]
T1N=6UP/CDP+#4V




T1T;W`^


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE

$53


CX\



M
T0Q/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

C@L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@


#$S/&)R

]
T1R:#X-


]



]



T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB

BPP
M



@0B!0



T0G9F]N=#H@


M=7-E(')E8V5I=F5D#0IT:&4@



M97

]


















]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C8C8S-F0P
U\U935F
M7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P

P+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13




M
CXQ
B!-;VYT:'





T1T


]


]


]



]



T1T;W`^4V5T




]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P


]


]


]
T1R








]


]


]





]

]


]









]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
M






M1&YU;7`^
C



]
T1T
M97AT/C$X


]


]



]




]
T1N=6UP/CDS


]

2PP
M


M-C
V9#`S7S5E-69?-&8U
%\Y865D7SEB93`P9&$V





]

T1)1#!%


M=&EB;&4@3F]T97



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#











34\





]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`P


T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92`R(%M-





]









]
T1N=6UP/C$P.2PU




]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^3F]T97



T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L
M92`W(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\




]


T1T;W`^3F]T92!P87EA8FQE



]



]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N8G-P.SQS

]



]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#`P


T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L
M92`Q


]
T1N=6UP
M/C8L












]












]

M;7`^
S`L








]





]


]



M

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






]



]


]

]



BPU




]
M

]


]

]



T1T;W`^3F]T

BPU
M





]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]T92!P87EA8FQE/]T

]
T1T97AT/B9N8G-P.R9N

S(N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M




M;&4@3F]T97



T1T
M;W`^4')O8V5E9'




]
T1R93X-




]
T1N
M=6UP/C
T-RPU


38L



]



]

M1&YU;7`^-3`L





]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!I

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y397`@

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y397`@,S`L#0H)3(P
30\




]


S`L

S`L


M97

]
T1N=6UP/C$W+#4Y

]







T1T;W`^1&5R
M:79A=&EV92!L:6%B:6QI='DL(&1I=FED96YD(')A=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@
'0^/'-P










T1T



]




]
T1T97AT/DIU;B`S
P-@D)



T1T;W`^



T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@








M9VX]


]

M


]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N







M


]








M












]





T1T;W`^



]


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O











]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!L
M:6%B:6QI='DL(&1I=FED96YD(')A=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]



]
T1N


]

]

]
T1N=6UP/C$U
M+#`P

M86QI9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C8N


M







]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^4')O8V5E9'




]
T1N=6UP/C(N
M







]




M=&]C:R!S:&%R97


]
T1N=6UP/C$S
RPS
M




T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C4Y.2XP

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C`N



M-2XP


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$S
RPS


S
L
S




]


]



L



]
T1N=6UP/C@N

;V%N(&UA='5R:71Y(&1A

]


M









]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#




M





]








]



T1T;W`^4')O8V5E
M9'



]
T1N=6UP/C8N



M-2XP


]






]


T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N




]






T1T;W`^



]


]

]
T1N



]

]



T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M



]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]T
M97,@4&%Y86)L92`Q,2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S







]
T1N=6UP



]





]

S(Q+C`P)3QS





]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]T
M97,@4&%Y86)L92`Q,B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S




RPP


RPP







]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N
#



#`E

M

]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N








]

]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P



T1T;W`^


BXP


]



]
M





]





]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C`N






]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F]T97,@4&%Y86)L92`Q-!;365M8F5R








]



]







]
M
T1N=6UP/C(W-BXP

M



]


BXP


]

]


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'



]





]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C0L
3

]
M





]





M=F4@;&EA8FEL:71Y+!D:79I9&5N9!R871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




]



]








]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#
E/'-P86X^



]



#`E/'-P86X^





T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@:7-S=65D(&9O


S`L

S`L



]


T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92`Q-B!;
M365M8F5R72!\($IU;F4@



\+W1D/@T*

]



]



]







T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92`Q-B!;365M8F5R72!\

]

L
S




T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92`Q-B!;365M8F5R72!\(%-E

#$T(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




@9F]R


]



]



]




M;VYV97)T:6)L92!N;W1E+!V86QU93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S

30L


M3F]V96UB97(@
C`Q-!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S





\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]



]

]
M


]

M86QI9VX]







T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y86)L92`Q-R!;365M8F5R73PO






]




T1T;W`^3F]T97
@4&%Y











]

]



]
T1N=6UP/C
U+C`P)3QS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M3F]T97,@4&%Y86)L92`Q.2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C




BPU


BPU
#`\



]






M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C(Y
BXP
M


]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N







]
T1R;SX-


]
T1N=6UP/C0R+#4P





BXP

]
M


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!L


]
T1N=6UP/C`N
#








]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N









]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]
T1N
M=6UP/C4R+#4P



BXP

]
T1R;SX-





]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]


]


T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'



]
M


]
T1T97AT/DIU;B`U

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1R

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'




]
T1N=6UP



]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@








T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!C;VYV97)T





C0@6TUE

]


]





#`Q/'-P



]
T1N=6UP/C


S9D
#-?-64U
M9E\T9C4P7SEA961?.6)E

M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-B-C
V9#`S7S5E-69?-&8U
%\Y865D7SEB93`P9&$V
#@W






]



3XQ
2!-;VYT:'
@16YD

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@



]




M;7`^
BPP
#`L
#`P+#`P









]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

S0W


]


]







T1T;W`^5')E87-U


]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C
L
#`P+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]










]



]


]


]


]








]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$W

]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP

]
M

]
M

]
M

]











]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M



]


]


]


]


]



]

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]


]


]


]





S$V






M


M:&%R97

M


]

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]


]


]


]













M:&%R97

M
RPS
S










]
T1N=6UP
M/C@V+#(Y

]
M

]
M

]
M

]











]

]
T1N=6UP/C8P
M+#`P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

M.#8L










]


]


]




#`P/'-P86X^








]
M


]


]


]


]

]
M



























]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
RPS
S


@


]
T1N=6UP/C@V+#(Y


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@1&5B=!496X@

]


]


]



T1T;W`^06-C








]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS=')U;65N=P@

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]
















]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]


]


]


]


]









34S+#
S


]


]


]


]


M:6)L92!$96)T(%1H:7)T965N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D









]

]


M:&%R97


]
T1N=6UP/C@V+#(Y


]


]


]


]



]


]


]














]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T





















]


]


]





















]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C(Y
RPS
S










]
T1N=6UP/C@V+#(Y


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N
M=F5R=&EB;&4@1&5B=!%:6=H=&5E;B!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@








]


]


]





















]


]


]

M86QI9VX]


]


]


]










]


]


]


]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


M9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS=')U;65N

M;7`^-#`L










]


]


]

M86QI9VX]

]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP/C0W/'-P









]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T



















]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C$R

]
M














]


]


]



T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R











]

]




]


]


]


T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F('-T











]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#

BPP
S



]


]


]


T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F('-T











]


]


]


]

]
T1P









T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV










]

]


]



]


]


]







]


]


]










@:7-S=65D


]
T1N=6UP/C4S+#`P


]


]


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@1&5B=!4=V5N='D@3FEN


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T





RPP



















]
M


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L





]
M


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]

]





]
T1R;SX-


]


]


]



T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R

]


]


]


]



]


















RPP










]


]


]














]

]


]


]



T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F('-T;V-K










]


]



]


]


]


]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C











]

]


]


]



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5B=!#;VYV97)S:6]N+!#;VYV97)T960@26YS=')U

M1&YU;7`^


]


]


]

]
T1P


L










M8V-R=65D(&EN=&5R97-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N


@27-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

L










]

]


]


]


]


]


T1T

30S
M+#$X

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

M-3
L
















]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C$T










]
T1N=6UP/C4S+#`P


]


]


]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C










]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]


]


]


T1T;W`^0V]N=F5R=&EB;&4@














]


]


]


T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F('-T;V-K('-H




















]


]


]


@27-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]

]


]


]




]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$L.3







2PY




]

]


]


]




]

]
T1N

]
M

]
M

]
M


]


]


]


]














]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C(T+#8V

]
M

]
M

]
M

]

M;7`^


















]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T

C@L
M-3









]

]


]


]


]



]




]

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T









]

]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5B=!#














]


]


]












]











M8G0@1FEF='D@3VYE(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
















]


]

Q


]


]


]



]












]
M

]
M

]
M



]


]


]


]












]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1N=6UP


M:&%R97

M
3
L









]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]

]

]









@27-S

3DL
3
S/'-P









]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]

]






]
T1R;SX-












]













]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]








]
M












]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T









]














]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT



]

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]




]


]


]


@27-S=65D

#`L
#`P/'-P86X^








]
M


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1T


]


]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K('9A;'5E(&9O




]


]


]


]








]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@









@27-S


]

M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]


































@=F%L=64\+W1D







T1T;W`^16UB961D960@5V%R

@06=R965M96YT(%M-96UB97)=('P@0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K(%M-96UB









]
M

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]



]



]


]


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT
M/D]C=`R.2P-@D)


]

C`Q


T1T





L

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
30P+#`P






]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N


]


]

]
T1N=6UP




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D9A:7(@=F%L=64@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


]


]


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR('EE



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4V5R:65S($











]
T1N=6UP/C$P







#`L
#`P+#`P
#QS

]

#`P

#`P


]


]


#`P


]












]


]


]



]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M




]


]





]


]


]


]


]

@875T:&]R:7IE

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS




;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C8C8S-F0P
U\U935F7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P
&1A




]




M;CTS1#(^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S

S$L(#(P
30\8G(^
M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q
SQB

#$R


]
T1N=6UP/C0L-3
S+#


]


]

]
T1T97AT


]

]
T1P


RPS
M





S
L
S







]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]



T1T;W`^5V5I


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





T1T;W`^4V5P=&5M8F5R(#(V


]










2P@
C`Q
R!;365M





M+#`P





M



M9VX]

C`Q

3
S+#


]
M

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R


@3F%R





]






]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PV
M.#`L



M=%]C8C8S-F0P
U\U935F7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P




M240P159*04

]



]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]


M+#`P


]

M=&EO;B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#YY96%R
M#0HR
#



]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M
S4T+#`P


M9VX]

S4N

S4N




]
T1N=6UP/C


T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@












@


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#




]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#
X-BPX-C4I/'-P


M9VX]

]


]




]
T1T97AT/B9N


]

]


T1T;W`^





;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C8C8S-F0P
U\U935F7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P
&1A




]


@+2!38VAE9'5L


]


]
T1T97AT

]



]


RPS-30L



]


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V(V
S9D
#-?-64U9E\T9C4P
M7SEA961?.6)E

O4VAE970S.2YH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M92!-96%S=7)E;65N='
@+2!38VAE9'5L92!O9B!&86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F($QI



]

]


@
M*$QE=F5L(&PI(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$













]



]

]




]

]
M


M9VX]


]




M:G


M9#TS1$E$







M
S$L(#(P
3


]
T1R;SX-


]


]
T1N=6T^*#8R
2PT
S





T1T;W`^0VAA;F=E(&EN(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@96UB

M:7-S;W)Y(&YO=&5S(&1U92!T;R!C;VYV97)S:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



U\U935F
M7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P

M





3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'



2P@

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@







]

]
T1T97AT


T1T






V9#`S7S5E-69?-&8U
%\Y865D7SEB93`P9&$V
#@W



]
T1R97!O

T1)1#!%




]

]



T1T;W`^
C`Q-3PO=&0^




38\+W1D

]


]







3D\+W1D/@T*



T1T;W`^5&]T86P@9G5T=7)E
















]


]



M971S+U-H965T-#

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$4Q34%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M

CXQ
B!-;VYT:'



#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M


]

]
M









@


C$L












]




M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C8C8S-F0P
U\U935F7S1F-3!?.6%E9%\Y8F4P
&1A


T0B4VAE970P
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P
M-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#8N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970P.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M,#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3@N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T,C$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3

M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970R.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S`N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,S,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#
W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M,T0B4VAE970T,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB+SX-CPO

U\U935F7S1F-3!?.6%E
29%\Y8F4P
&1A-C`X-S0M+0T*
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














Conversion of notes payable
 amount
$ 347
534
$ 116
199
        


        
        
        
        


        
25
640
538
        
        


Conversion of notes payable
 amount
121
048
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 28
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

  2016




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


Converted common stock share
 value
$ 11
000
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
$ 22
000


Converted common stock share
 shares
24
445
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Stock based compensation
 description
        
At the time of his appointment Mr. Canouse received
the 1 share of convertible Preferred B stock previously issued to a director.
        
        


Stock issued for services
 shares
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Stock based compensation
 description
        
        
Company issued 1 additional shares of convertible
preferred B stock to Mr. Quirk when he joined the Company.
        


Stock issued for services
 shares
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity share options
 or other equity instruments; or (b) the entity incurs liabilities to them: (1) in amounts based
 at least in part
 on the price of the entity's shares or other equity instruments; or (2) that require or may require settlement by issuance of the entity's shares. Such an arrangement is usually provided to employees and directors to compensate them
 provide performance incentives to them
 and to attract or retain their services. May also include pertinent information particular to a plan that is not elsewhere specified in the taxonomy.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        
        


        
$ 3
389
$ 1
841


        
97
342
        


        
100
731
1
841


        
(10
172)
(1
013)


Property and equipment
 net
90
560
        


        
        
        


Property and equipment
 net
$ 90
559
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but are not limited to
 desks
 chairs
 tables
 and bookcases.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      














        
7
155
532
417
846
        


        
$ 93
097
$ (109
600)
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
284
917


        
        
        
1
000
000


        
        
        
332
748


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
1
750
000


        
        
        
        


Stock issued during period
 shares
        
        
97
150


        
        
        
875
491


        
        
        
        


        
        
243
448
        


Remaining balance of the stock payable
 shares
        
231
856
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
163
065
49
333
        


        
93
097
109
600
        


        
$ 170
648
$ 21
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 available-for-sale securities and held-to-maturity securities.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
$ 29
846
$ 8
077


        
(284
813)
(54
962)


Total convertible notes outstanding
 net of unamortized discounts
388
957
228
615


        
        
        


        
20
000
20
000


        
        
        


        
10
015
45
000


        
        
        


        
15
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
109
500


        
        
        


        
15
000
15
000


        
        
        


        
2
500
2
500


        
        
        


        
        
53
000


        
        
        


        
20
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
11
000
        


        
        
        


        
6
000
        


        
        
        


        
17
865
        


        
        
        


        
17
865
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
30
000
        


        
        
        


        
86
500
        


        
        
        


        
5
542
        


        
        
        


        
88
500
        


        
        
        


        
50
000
        


        
        
        


        
42
500
        


        
        
        


        
42
500
        


        
        
        


        
52
500
        


        
        
        


        
52
500
        


        
        
        


        
$ 40
000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 aggregate carrying amount of all types of notes payable
 as of the balance sheet date
 with initial maturities beyond one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Paragraph 13
 16
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        



cost. The Company depreciates the equipment using the straight-line method over the useful lives of the equipment. The useful lives
are estimated to be between 3 and 7 years. Depreciation expense amount for 12 months ended was $8
844 and $200 for the year ended
December 31
 2014 and 2013
 respectively. Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31
 2014 and December 31
2013:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
389
    
    
    
1
841
    

    
    
    
97
342
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
100
731
    
    
    
1
841
    

    
    
    
(10
172
    
    
    
(1
013
    

Property and equipment
 net.
    
    
90
559
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Property and equipment
 net
    
    
90
559
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
$ 531
710
$ 229
000


        
        
        


        
(22
000)
(8
000)


        
347
534
116
199


        
        
        


        
50
000
50
000


        
        
        


        

  2014

  2014


        
        
        


        
30
000
30
000


        
17
595
17
595


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        


        
        
        


        
45
000
45
000


        
        
        


        

  2014

  2014


        

  2014

  2014


        
5
000
5
000


        
16
955
16
955


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        


        
15
000
15
000


        
15
000
15
000


        
        
        


        
45
000
        


        
        
        


        

  2014
        


        

  2014
        


        
15
000
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        


        
15
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
109
500


        
        
        


        
        
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
15
000
15
500


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
8
077
8
077


        
        
        


        
2
500
2
500


        
        
        


        

  2014

  2014


        
        
        


        
133
334
133
334


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        


        
        
        


        
133
334
133
334


        
        
        


        
        
53
000


        
        
        


        
        

  2014


        
        
408
660


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
41
000


        
        
53
299
071


        
        
        


        
20
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
10
769
        


        
10
769
        


        
        
        


        
762
604
762
604


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        


        
35
000
35
000


        
4
710
4
710


        
        
        


        
24
445
        


        
22
000
        


Stock issued for convertible note
 value
11
000
        


        
        
        


        
6
000
6
000


        
        
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
53
000
53
000


        
        
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
25
000
25
000


        
        
        


        
366
598
366
598


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        


Stock issued for convertible note
 value
7
135
7
135


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
30
000
30
000


        
        
        


        

  2015

  2015


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
86
500
86
500


        
        
        


        

  2015

  2015


        
4
132
4
132


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
86
291
86
291


        
        
        


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        


Stock issued for convertible note
 value
30
000
30
000


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
56
000
        


Stock issued for convertible note
 value
13
319
        


        
        
        


        
40
000
        


Stock issued for convertible note
 value
4
510
        


        
        
        


        
93
334
        


Stock issued for convertible note
 value
5
077
        


        
        
        


        
420
000
        


Stock issued for convertible note
 value
12
311
        


        
        
        


        
655
334
        


Stock issued for convertible note
 value
14
111
        


        
        
        


        
753
334
        


Stock issued for convertible note
 value
13
816
        


        
        
        


        
626
667
        


Stock issued for convertible note
 value
4
670
        


        
        
        


        
88
500
88
500


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
50
000
50
000


        
        
        


        

  2015

  2015


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
42
500
42
500


        
        
        


        

  2015

  2015


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
42
500
42
500


        
        
        


        

  2015

  2015


Derivative liability
 risk free interest rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 volatality rate
        
        


Derivative liability
 dividend rate
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
52
500
52
500


        
        
        


        

  2015

  2015


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
52
500
52
500


        
        
        


        

  2015

  2015


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
52
500
52
500


        
        
        


        

  2015

  2015


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 40
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 commercial loans
 mortgage loans
 convertible debt
 subordinated debt and other types of debt
 with initial maturities beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer). Represents currently earned compensation under compensation arrangements that is not actually paid until a later date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in percentage terms (for instance
 the standard deviation or variance)
 for a given stock price.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 trade payables.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
$ 156
549


        
(621
433)


        
1
135
190


        
(85
450)


        
$ 584
856




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 1
663
$ 33
335


        
20
934
        


        
        
        


        
23
112
33
335


Property
 Plant &amp; Equipment net
90
560
        


        
4
782
        


        
118
454
33
335


        
        
        


        
298
815
236
797


        
69
087
32
958


        
388
957
228
615


        
330
465
64
000


        
        
47
000


        
584
856
156
549


        
23
600
        


        
        
170
648


        
7
678
        


        
1
703
458
936
567


        
        
        


        
35
748
        


        
1
739
206
936
567


Common stock - par value $0.00001 2
000
000
000 shares authorized
 7
155
532 and 417
846 shares outstanding
 respectively
        
        


        
7
135
240
6
705
272


        
(8
756
066)
(7
608
511)


        
(1
620
752)
(903
232)


        
118
454
33
335


        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 value
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 value
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal
 through the balance sheet date and due to be paid more than one year (or one operating cycle
 if longer) after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 expected to be settled within one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including trade payables
 that has been incurred and is unpaid. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ (1
147
555)
$ (639
084)


        
        
        


        
461
460
255
625


        
(706
883)
(679
347)


        
479
978
395
296


        
(22
000)
(8
000)


        
        
        


        
10
512
255
625


        
        
1
700


        
(93
097)
109
600


        
        
169
500


        
21
769
48
912


        
4
950
29
570


        
8
844
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
354
965
64
000


        
        
        


        
(3
000)
56
600


        
8
600
        


        
(20
935)
        


        
62
018
(22
598)


        
52
631
29
105


        
(517
623)
(190
753)


        
        
        


        
(99
403)
        


        
(4
782)
        


        
(104
185)
        


        
        
        


        
531
710
229
000


        
15
000
        


        
49
163
        


        
        
5
000


        
(5
737)
(10
250)


        
590
136
223
750


        
(31
672)
32
997


        
33
335
        


        
1
663
33
335


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
347
534
116
199


        
        
169
500


        
$ 77
551
$ 124
600




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 contract
 escrow
 or earnest money deposits
 retainage (if applicable)
 deposits with clearing organizations and others
 collateral
 or margin deposits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 during an accounting period
 in total obligations owed to the reporting entity's executives and owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which represents the amount owed to note holders
 bond holders
 and other parties for interest earned on loans or credit extended to the reporting entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4
6)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred stock
 treasury stock
 stock options
 and other types of equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 1
147
555
$ 639
084


        
8
756
066
7
608
511


        
$ 1
680
346
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

outstanding as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:



    
    
    
    

Outstanding warrants December 31
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrant granted September 26
 2013
    
    
4
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrant granted October 21
 2013
    
    
400
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrant granted October 29
 2013
    
    
133
334
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding warrants December 31
 2014
    
    
4
533
334
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
533
334
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whereas options are exchange instruments and are not issued by the company. Also
 the lifetime of a warrant is often measured in years
 while the lifetime of a typical option is measured in months. Disclose the title of issue of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the aggregate amount of securities called for by warrants and rights outstanding
 the date from which the warrants or rights are exercisable
 and the price at which the warrant or right is exercisable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ (8
600
000)
        


        

2034
        


        
3
354
000
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
$ 804
761
$ 175
823




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

its valuation methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value were determined by using the Black
Scholes option-pricing model based on various assumptions. The Company&#146;s derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair
value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments
to fair value of derivatives.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
584
856
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
584
856 &#160;
    

    
    
    
584
856
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
584
856 &#160;
    




        
        

of change in fair value of our derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
156
549
    

    
    
    
(621
433
    

    
    
    
1
135
190
    

    
    
    
(85
450
    

    
    
    
584
856
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 by class that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).  Where the quoted price in an active market for the identical liability is not available
 the Level 1 input is the quoted price of an identical liability when traded as an asset.
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 1 &#150; NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES




and marketing company focused on the high-margin multi-billion dollar health and wellness food and beverage sectors. Under its
wholly owned subsidiary
 Harvest Soul Inc.
 the Company is building a production facility in Atlanta
 GA. and has launched two
new flavors of Harvest Soul Chewable Juices in the organic all-natural juice category.


 2013 all officers and directors
resigned from the Company and Mr. Joseph C. Canouse was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Director.


 2013 Mr. Kevin P. Quirk
joined the Company and was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Canouse
 who continued as a Director
 assumed the
title of Chief Financial Officer.


 2013 the Company
completed a 1 for 100 reverse stock split
 which reduced the number of issued and outstanding common shares from 2
903
888
889
to approximately 29
039
066. Fractional shares produced as a result of this reverse stock split were rounded up to the next whole
share. The consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse stock split.


 2013 the name of the
Company was changed to Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. and the Company also reduced the number of authorized shares of common stock from
four billion (4
000
000
000) to four hundred seventy five million (475
000
000).


 2014
 the Company increased
the number of authorized shares of common stock to nine hundred seventy five million shares (975
000
000) from four hundred seventy
five million (475
000
000).


 2014
 Joseph C. Canouse resigned
as Chairman of the Board of Directors (the &#147;Board&#148;) of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;)
and as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Canouse informed the Company that his decision to resign was not the result
of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company&#146;s operations
 policies or practices.


 2014
 the Board approved
by unanimous written consent the appointment of Scott Martin as a member of the Board and Secretary of the Company
 effective as
of such date.


 2014
 the Board also approved
by unanimous written consent the appointment of Mr. Kevin P. Quirk as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Quirk currently serves as Chief
Executive Officer &#38; Chief Financial Officer of the Company and a director and will retain his current positions.


 2014
 the Company increased
the number of authorized shares of common stock to two billion shares (2
000
000
000) from nine hundred seventy five million shares
(975
000
000).


 2015 the Company completed
a 1 for 150 reverse stock split. All share and per share have been presented to give retroactive effective for this reverse stock
split.




accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP accounting&#148;). The Company
has adopted a December 31 fiscal year end.




include the financial statements of Fresh Promise Foods Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul Inc. All significant
inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated upon consolidation.





highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.


credit quality financial institution. The Company&#146;s account at this institution is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) up to $250
000. For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company has not reached bank
balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial institution
 the
Company evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits.




 Statement
of Cash Flows
 for cash flows reporting
 classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating
 investing
or financing activities and provides definitions of each category
 and uses the indirect or reconciliation method (&#147;Indirect
method&#148;) as defined by ASC 230
 Statement of Cash Flows
 to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting net
loss to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating
cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are
included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.




are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate prevailing market
rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.




in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.




 closures
labels and boxes as well as certain raw materials that go into the production of the final product. Inventory is stated at the
lower of the cost or market. Cost is determined on the average cost method. Inventories are reviewed and reconciled periodically.




Receivables. The Company charges off receivables if they determine that the amount is no longer collectible. The allowance for
doubtful accounts was zero at December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013. Bad debt expense related to customer receivables for the
period ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was zero and zero respectively.




in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &#147;Earnings per Share.&#148; Basic net income (loss) per common share is based on the weighted
average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2014 and 2013. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by
dividing the Company&#146;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding
during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for
any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company had convertible notes and warrants outstanding
that could be converted into approximately 126
836
204 and 612
902
 common shares based up the closing bid price of the company&#146;s
common stock at December 31
 2014 and 2013 respectively.




sale of its products. The Company follows paragraph ASC 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue
recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized
or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) the
product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer
 (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and
(iv) collectability is reasonably assured.&#160;




 Compensation &#150; Stock
Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services
are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
 and other equity instruments
such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee
stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized
over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
 known as the requisite service
period (usually the vesting period).


compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50
 Equity &#150; Based Payments
to Non-Employees. Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is
more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based
payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date.


ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 totaled $4
950 and $29
570
 respectively.

Website
Development Costs


costs in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 350-50 &#147;Website Development Costs&#148;. Accordingly
 all costs
incurred in the planning stage are expensed as incurred
 costs incurred in the website application and infrastructure development
stage that meet specific criteria are capitalized and costs incurred in the day to day operation of the website are expensed as
incurred.


main website (www.freshpromisefoods.com) in 2013. All costs associated with these websites are subject to straight-line amortization
over there expected useful life
 a five year period.




of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered standards
 the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification&#153; (&#147;ASC&#148;) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature recognized by the FASB and applicable
to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes any effect will not have a material
impact on the Company&#146;s present or future financial statements.




pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &#147;Accounting for Income Taxes
&#148; which requires
 among other things
 an asset
and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the
tax bases of assets and liabilities


offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not
be realized.


the ASC 740 -10 related to
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that
some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about
the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance
of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all
available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including
the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.
Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is
more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits
associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for
uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable
to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon
examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.


Definition of Settlement
 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled
for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively settled
upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively
settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered more likely than
not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. Management
has not filed tax returns for the year ended December 31
 2014. Tax years 2013
 2012 and 2011 remain open for examination.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











Common stock
 par value
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorized
2
000
000
000
2
000
000
000


Common stock
 shares outstanding
7
155
532
417
846


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 par value
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized
100
000
000
100
000
000


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
308
180
308
180


        
        
        


Preferred stock
 no par value
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares authorized
        
        


Preferred stock
 shares outstanding
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
Note
11 &#150; Commitments and Contingencies


 together with certain other parties (collectively
the &#147;Defendants&#148;)
 are currently involved in litigation against Kyle Gotshalk
 Leonard Gotshalk
 Clinton Hall
 LLC
Richard Maher and Patrick O&#146;Loughlin (collectively
 the &#147;Plaintiffs&#148;). On April 25
 2013
 the Plaintiffs filed
a complaint with the United States District Court for the District of Nevada alleging claims including securities fraud and breach
of contract. The Company believes these claims to be unfounded and the Company is prepared to file an answer with the United States
District Court for the District of Nevada
 together with counterclaims against the Plaintiffs. The Company is continuing to vigorously
defend itself against this lawsuit. On September 9
 2014
 the Court granted the Defendants&#146; motion to set aside any entry
of default judgment.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

 INC.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

  2014
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
$ 329
965


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        
32
796
070
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2015 the Company signed
a National distribution agreement with United Natural Foods
 Inc. to distribute Harvest Soul Chewable Juices.


 2015 the Company entered
into a 90 day exclusive agreement with Whole Foods Market to sell Harvest Soul Chewable Juices in their Southern Region.


 2015 the Company signed a
convertible note with Carebourn Capital
 LP for $28
000 in proceeds. This note carries an annual percentage rate of 12% and with
a maturity date of March 17
 2016.


into
 25
640
538 shares of common stock. The total principal converted was $121
048. The conversions were done at the contractual
terms per the agreements.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
$ 1
030
        


        
11
437
(2
515)


        
(10
407)
(2
451)


        
        
        


        
31
106
        


        
288
860
299
818


        
141
304
51
811


        
418
000
95
125


        
8
844
        


        
4
950
29
570


        
893
064
476
524


        
(903
471)
(478
975)


        
        
        


        
(22
000)
(8
000)


        
(706
883)
(679
347)


        
479
978
395
296


        
10
512
255
625


        
        
        


        
(93
097)
109
600


        
575
671
86
886


        
244
084
160
109


        
(1
147
555)
(639
084)


        
        
        


        
$ (1
147
555)
$ (639
084)


        
        
        


        
2
042
252
249
875




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after income or loss from equity method investments
 but before income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the components of which are not separately disclosed on the income statement
 resulting from ancillary business-related activities (that is
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business) also known as other nonoperating expense recognized during the period. Such amounts may include: (a) unusual costs
 (b) loss on foreign exchange transactions
 (c) losses on securities (net of profits)
 and (d) miscellaneous other expense items.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



consist of 2
000
000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. The Company also has 100
000
000 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred
C stock authorized and 10 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred B stock authorized and 30
000
000 par value $0.00001 par value
Preferred C stock authorized. The Company adjusted the par value and additional paid in capital accounts on its balance sheet at
March 30
 2013 for common and Preferred A stocks.






has voting rights equal to four times the sum of all shares of common stock issued and outstanding at time of voting
 plus all
shares of Series C Preferred Stock issued and outstanding at time of voting
 divided by the number of shares of Series B Preferred
Stock issued and outstanding at the time of voting.


Board
 the Board issued an aggregate of two (2) shares of Series B Preferred
 to two individuals (the &#148;Series B Stockholders&#148;).
As a result of the voting rights granted to the Series B Preferred
 the Series B Stockholders together hold in the aggregate approximately
80% of the total voting power of all issued and outstanding voting capital of the Company.




rights of one vote per share owned. The Preferred C stock is convertible into common stock of the Company at the rate of 0.10 per
common share for each share of Preferred C stock. The holders of Series C Preferred stock are entitled to receive any dividend
declared by the Board of Directors.


 dissolution or
winding up of the Corporation
 whether voluntary or involuntary
 before any distribution or payment. shall be made to the holders
of any stock ranking junior to the Series B Preferred Stock
 the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock shall be entitled to be
paid out of the assets of the Corporation an amount equal to $1.00 per share or
 in the event of an aggregate subscription by a
single subscriber for Series B Preferred Stock in excess of $100
000
 $0.997 per share (as adjusted for any stock dividends
 combinations
splits
 recapitalizations and the like with respect to such shares) (the &#34;Preference Value&#34;)
 plus all declared but unpaid
dividends
 for each share of Series B Preferred Stock held by them. After the payment of the full applicable Preference Value of
each share of the Series B Preferred Stock as set forth herein
 the remaining assets of the Corporation legally available for distribution
if any
 shall be distributed ratably to the holders of the Corporation's Common Stock.




333 (500
000
pre-split shares) shares of common stock to a service provider which was recorded at fair market value of $2
950. The Company issued
an additional 66
667 shares in November 2014 to a service provider and recorded it at fair market value of $2
000. Effective January
2015
 the Company completed a 1 for 150 reverse stock split. All of the shares and per share amounts have been adjusted to reflect
the split.


 2014
the Company issued 163
065 (24
459
750 pre-split shares) shares of common stock in conjunction with the settlement agreement with
Ironridge Global
 previous discussed. The stock was recorded at $77
551 but had a fair market value of $170
648. The Company recorded
a gain on this issuance of $93
097. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 20
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $199. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 36
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $317. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 40
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $316. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 33
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $475. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&#160;


 2014
the company issued 60
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $211. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 80
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $182. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 100
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $153. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 113
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $143. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 126
667 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $67. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 145
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $138. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 153
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $47. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 156
667 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $65. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 200
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $80. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 233
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $55. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 226
667 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $78. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 293
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $30. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 293
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $40. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 333
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $86
292 plus
accrued interest of $8. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 40
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $4
488 plus
accrued interest of $25. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 40
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $4
448 plus
accrued interest of $47. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&#160;


 2014
the company issued 120
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $3
960 plus
accrued interest of $107. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 33
667 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $15
500 plus
accrued interest of $116. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 20
067 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $15
500 plus
accrued interest of $11. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 53
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $2
033. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 66
667 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $72. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 67
054 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $77. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 60
476 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $28. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 109
180 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $18. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 51
950 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $4. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 143
243 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $2
277. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 143
243 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $89. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 143
077 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $89. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 143
137 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $111. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 143
077 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $43. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 143
030 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $49. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 143
111 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $30. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.&#160;


 2014
the company issued 143
137 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $21. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 143
194 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $14. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 143
182 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $12. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 143
182 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $14. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 203
939 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $53
000 plus
accrued interest of $3. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 16
955 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $15
000 plus
accrued interest of $247. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 24
444 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $22
000 plus
accrued interest of $72. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 136
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $25
000 plus
accrued interest of $1
932. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 230
265 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $25
000 plus
accrued interest of $126. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 24
660 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39
709 plus
accrued interest of $505. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 28
533 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39
709 plus
accrued interest of $192. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 35
253 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39
709 plus
accrued interest of $261. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 37
100 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39
709 plus
accrued interest of $118. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 39
053 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39
709 plus
accrued interest of $49. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 75
313 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39
709 plus
accrued interest of $43. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 81
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39
709 plus
accrued interest of $60. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 113
193 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39
709 plus
accrued interest of $24. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 119
133 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39
709 plus
accrued interest of $6. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 125
333 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39
709 plus
accrued interest of $10. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 84
031 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $39
709 plus
accrued interest of $3. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 17
760 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $15
000 plus
accrued interest of $74. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 18
693 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $15
000 plus
accrued interest of $75. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 11
952 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $15
000 plus
accrued interest of $28. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


 2014
the company issued 200
000 shares of common stock with the partial conversion of promissory note with a face value of $15
000 plus
accrued interest of $10. This was exempt from registration under rule 144.


done based on the contractual terms within the agreements.


 2013
the Company issued 324
892 shares of common stock and cancelled 133
333 shares of common stock.


 2013
the Company issued 15
046 shares of common stock to service providers
 191
174 shares of common stock in conjunction with the conversion
of promissory notes
 118
667 shares of common stock in to IronRidge Global under an agreement previous described in this filing
and 4 shares of common stock in conjunction with the rounding of shares produced by the reverse stock split previously described
in this filing.


of previous reported treasury stock with a book value of $208.&#160;




during the year ended December 31
 2014.


 2013 the Company issued
a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase of 26
667 shares of common stock
of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on September 26
 2015. The fair value of the warrant was estimated
 at the
date of the grant at $140
000 using the Black-Sholes option &#150;pricing model with the following assumptions: risk free interest
rate of 0.01 %
 volatility factor of 720%
 and an expected life of two years.


 2013 the Company issued
a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase of 2
667 shares of common stock
of the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on October 21
 2015. The fair value of the warrant was estimated
 at the
date of the grant at $5
600 using the Black-Sholes option &#150;pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest
rate of 0.01 %
 volatility factor of 598%
 and an expected life of two years.


 2013 the Company issued
a convertible note with an embedded warrant agreement. The agreement provides for the purchase of 889 shares of common stock of
the company at $0.02 per share. The warrant expires on October 29
 2015. The fair value of the warrant was estimated
 at the date
of the grant at $3
099 using the Black-Sholes option &#150;pricing model with the following assumptions: risk-free interest rate
of 0.011 %
 volatility factor of 599%
 and an expected life of two years.


outstanding as of December 31
 2014 and 2013:



    
    
    
    

Outstanding warrants December 31
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Warrant granted September 26
 2013
    
    
4
000
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrant granted October 21
 2013
    
    
400
000
    
    
    
    
    

Warrant granted October 29
 2013
    
    
133
334
    
    
    
    
    

Outstanding warrants December 31
 2014
    
    
4
533
334
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
4
533
334
    
    
    
    
    



2014 have a weighted average remaining contractual life of 10 months. All warrants have an average weighted exercise price of $0.02.
The warrants had an intrinsic value of $0 at December 31
 2014 and 2013.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        
NOTE 5 &#150; NOTES AND CONVERTIBLE
NOTES PAYABLE


the following at December 31
 2014 and 2013. All common share data in this table has been adjusted for the reverse stock split.


have been adjusted for the reverse stock split.



    
    
December 31
 2014
    
    
December 31
 2013
    

On January 16
 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for $50
000. The note bears interest at 10 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $0.05 per share. In 2012
 $30
000 of the note was converted to 17
595 shares of common stock of the Company. In 2013 the note maturity date was extended to September 30
 2014. Due to the features in this note
 the Company could not determine if sufficient shares in the Company stock would be available to fulfill all conversion obligations .Accordingly a derivative liability was recorded for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 882%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
20
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On March 5
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $45
000. In 2014 the note was modified into three notes of $15
000 each. The notes bear interest at 8 % are unsecured. The notes matured March 5
 2014 but were extended to June 30
 2014. One of the notes was sold to a third party and amended. Due to the amended features the Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 765%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. The remaining two $15
000 notes are also convertible into common stock at the market price but no derivative liability was recorded. In February 2014
 the third party converted $5
000 of note into 16
955 shares of common stock of the Company.
    
    
10
015
    
    
    
45
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On March 5
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $45
000. In 2014 the note was modified into three notes of $15
000 each. The notes bear interest at 8 % are unsecured. The notes matured March 5
 2014 but were extended to June 30
 2014. One of the notes was sold to a third party and amended. Due to the amended features the Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 765%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. The remaining two $15
000 notes are also convertible into common stock at the market price but no derivative liability was recorded.
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On March 13
 2013 the Company executed three promissory notes for services provided totaling $109
500. The notes are payable upon demand and bear interest at 12 % and can be converted into common stock of the company at the average five day closing bid price multiplied by three. Note Amount Converted / (Average price x 3). On June 11
 2014 these notes were sold to Carebourn Capital. The new note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 or $0.0135 whichever is greater. Should this occur the conversion prices is reduced to the lower price. The company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025
 volitility of 65% and an assumed dividend of 0%.
    
    
    
    
    
    
109
500
    




On September 11
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $15
000 as payment to a service provider. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount of 35% off the average one day bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to the discount feature we have recorded a liability of $8
077
 or put premium
 as part of the carrying value of this note. The note is convertible at any time prior to maturity and bears interest at 6% per annum.
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
15
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On October 29
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $2
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures April 29
 2014. The note is convertible at the lower of a discount of 35% off the prior day&#146;s closing bid price or $0.01. The note also provided for purchase of 133
334 shares by execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of the note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 599%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.
    
    
2
500
    
    
    
2
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On December 12
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $53
000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock 180 days after issuance at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 368%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. Throughout 2014
 the noteholder fully converted the note into 408
660 common shares.
    
    
    
    
    
    
53
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On January 01
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $20
000 as payment to a service provider. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount of 35% off the average one day bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to the discount feature we have recorded a liability of $10
769
 or put premium
 as part of the carrying value of this note. The note is convertible at any time prior to maturity and bears interest at 6% per annum.
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

In February 2014
 a note with a face value of $35
000 was sold to a third party. The accrued interest on the note of $4
710 was added to the principal amount purchased. The note was amended and the Company has recorded a derivative liability based upon the amended features. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025%
 volatility of 304%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. Throughout 2014
 the noteholder fully converted the note into 762
604 common shares.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

In February 2014
 a note notes with a face value of $22
000 was sold to a third party. In February 2014
 the third party converted $11
000 of note into 24
445 shares of common stock of the Company.
    
    
11
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On January 23
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $6
000. The note bears interest at 9.875 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average 3 day lowest closing sales price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 but no less that $0.0001. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 321%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On March 17
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $25
000. The note bears interest at 12 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 296%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. In November 2014
 the third party converted $7
135 of note into 366
598 shares of common stock of the Company.
    
    
17
865
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On February 04
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $53
000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock 180 days after issuance at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 308%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. Throughout 2014
 the noteholder fully converted the note into 1
778
554 common shares.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




On June 9
 2014 the company executed a promissory note for $30
000. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 42% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion. The company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025
 volitility of 276% and an assumed dividend of 0%.
    
    
30
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On June 11
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $86
500. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 or $0.0135 whichever is greater. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025
 volitility of 276% and an assumed dividend of 0%.
    
    
86
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On June 11
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $86
291 for the note plus interest on the note executed March 13
 2013. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 or $0.0135 whichever is greater. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025
 volitility of 276% and an assumed dividend of 0%. In June 2014
 the third party converted $13
319 of note into 56
000 shares of common stock of the Company. In July 2014
 the third party converted $4
510 of note into 40
000 shares of common stock of the Company. In August 2014
 the third party converted $5
077 of note into 93
334 shares of common stock of the Company. In September 2014
 the third party converted $12
311 of note into 420
000 shares of common stock of the Company. In October 2014
 the third party converted $14
111 of note into 655
334 shares of common stock of the Company. In November 2014
 the third party converted $13
816 of note into 753
334 shares of common stock of the Company. In December 2014
 the third party converted $4
670 of note into 626
667 shares of common stock of the Company.
    
    
5
542
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On June 30
 2014 the company executed a promissory note for $88
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the company. The note can be converted into common stock at the bid price on day prior to conversion.
    
    
88
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On August 8
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $50
000. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 35% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. Or the closing price of the issuer on the date of this note of $.001
 whichever is lower.
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On April 3
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $42
500. The note bears interest at 22% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a lower price than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion prices is reduced to the lower price. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025
 volitility of 292% and an assumed dividend of 0%.
    
    
42
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On July 8
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $42
500. The note bears interest at 22% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a lower price than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion prices is reduced to the lower price. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025
 volitility of 270% and an assumed dividend of 0%.
    
    
42
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On September 5
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 or the stock can be converted at $0.0135
 whichever is greater.
    
    
52
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On October 27
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 or the stock can be converted at $0.0135
 whichever is greater.
    
    
52
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On December 11
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $40
000. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 35% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. Or the closing price of the issuer on the date of this note of $.001.
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
29
846
    
    
    
8
077
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(248
811
    
    
    
(54
962
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total convertible notes outstanding
 net of unamortized discounts
    
    
388
957
    
    
    
228
615
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

rate of 35% to the Company&#146;s effective tax rate is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(386
865
    
    
    
(217
289
    

    
    
    
(45
514
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
61
199
    
    
    
41
466
    

    
    
    
(433
581
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
804
761
    
    
    
175
823
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




        
        

rate of 35% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as of December 31
 2014 and 2011:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
354
000
    
    
    
2
549
239
    

    
    
    
(3
354
000
    
    
    
(2
549
239
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



and marketing company focused on the high-margin multi-billion dollar health and wellness food and beverage sectors. Under its
wholly owned subsidiary
 Harvest Soul Inc.
 the Company is building a production facility in Atlanta
 GA. and has launched two
new flavors of Harvest Soul Chewable Juices in the organic all-natural juice category.


 2013 all officers and directors
resigned from the Company and Mr. Joseph C. Canouse was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer
 and Director.


 2013 Mr. Kevin P. Quirk
joined the Company and was appointed President
 Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Canouse
 who continued as a Director
 assumed the
title of Chief Financial Officer.


 2013 the Company
completed a 1 for 100 reverse stock split
 which reduced the number of issued and outstanding common shares from 2
903
888
889
to approximately 29
039
066. Fractional shares produced as a result of this reverse stock split were rounded up to the next whole
share. The consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this reverse stock split.


 2013 the name of the
Company was changed to Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. and the Company also reduced the number of authorized shares of common stock from
four billion (4
000
000
000) to four hundred seventy five million (475
000
000).


 2014
 the Company increased
the number of authorized shares of common stock to nine hundred seventy five million shares (975
000
000) from four hundred seventy
five million (475
000
000).


 2014
 Joseph C. Canouse resigned
as Chairman of the Board of Directors (the &#147;Board&#148;) of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation (the &#147;Company&#148;)
and as Chief Financial Officer of the Company. Mr. Canouse informed the Company that his decision to resign was not the result
of any disagreement with the Company on any matter relating to the Company&#146;s operations
 policies or practices.


 2014
 the Board approved
by unanimous written consent the appointment of Scott Martin as a member of the Board and Secretary of the Company
 effective as
of such date.


 2014
 the Board also approved
by unanimous written consent the appointment of Mr. Kevin P. Quirk as Chairman of the Board. Mr. Quirk currently serves as Chief
Executive Officer &#38; Chief Financial Officer of the Company and a director and will retain his current positions.


 2014
 the Company increased
the number of authorized shares of common stock to two billion shares (2
000
000
000) from nine hundred seventy five million shares
(975
000
000).


 2015 the Company completed a 1 for 150
reverse stock split. All share and per share have been presented to give retroactive effective for this reverse stock split.


        
        



of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#147;GAAP accounting&#148;). The
Company has adopted a December 31 fiscal year end.


        
        



include the financial statements of Fresh Promise Foods Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul Inc. All significant
inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated upon consolidation.


        
        



highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents.


high credit quality financial institution. The Company&#146;s account at this institution is insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (&#147;FDIC&#148;) up to $250
000. For the years ended December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company has not reached bank
balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial institution
 the
Company evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits.


        
        



 Statement
of Cash Flows
 for cash flows reporting
 classifies cash receipts and payments according to whether they stem from operating
investing
 or financing activities and provides definitions of each category
 and uses the indirect or reconciliation method (&#147;Indirect
method&#148;) as defined by ASC 230
 Statement of Cash Flows
 to report net cash flow from operating activities by adjusting
net loss to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects of (a) all deferrals of past operating
cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts and payments and (b) all items that are
included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments.


        
        



are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates that approximate prevailing market
rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.


        
        



in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date the financial statements
and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.


        
        



 closures
labels and boxes as well as certain raw materials that go into the production of the final product. Inventory is stated at the
lower of the cost or market. Cost is determined on the average cost method. Inventories are reviewed and reconciled periodically.


        
        



Receivables. The Company charges off receivables if they determine that the amount is no longer collectible. The allowance for
doubtful accounts was zero at December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013. Bad debt expense related to customer receivables for the
period ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 was zero and zero respectively.


        
        



in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &#147;Earnings per Share.&#148; Basic net income (loss) per common share is based on the weighted
average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2014 and 2013. Diluted earnings per share is calculated by
dividing the Company&#146;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding
during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the basic weighted number of shares adjusted for
any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the Company had convertible notes and warrants outstanding
that could be converted into approximately 126
836
204 and 612
902
 common shares based up the closing bid price of the company&#146;s
common stock at December 31
 2014 and 2013 respectively.


        
        



sale of its products. The Company follows paragraph ASC 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards Codification for revenue
recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company considers revenue realized
or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists
 (ii) the
product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer
 (iii) the sales price is fixed or determinable
 and
(iv) collectability is reasonably assured.


        
        



 Compensation &#150; Stock
Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment transactions in which employee services
are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue shares
 options
 and other equity instruments
such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee
stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized
over the period during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
 known as the requisite service
period (usually the vesting period).


compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC 505-50
 Equity &#150; Based Payments
to Non-Employees. Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees is based on the fair value of whichever is
more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments issued. The fair value of the share-based
payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance completion date.


ended December 31
 2014 and 2013 totaled $4
950 and $29
570
 respectively.


        
        
Website
Development Costs


costs in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 350-50 &#147;Website Development Costs&#148;. Accordingly
 all costs
incurred in the planning stage are expensed as incurred
 costs incurred in the website application and infrastructure development
stage that meet specific criteria are capitalized and costs incurred in the day to day operation of the website are expensed as
incurred.


main website (www.freshpromisefoods.com) in 2013. All costs associated with these websites are subject to straight-line amortization
over there expected useful life
 a five year period.


        
        



of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered standards
 the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification&#153; (&#147;ASC&#148;) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature recognized by the FASB and applicable
to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes any effect will not have a material
impact on the Company&#146;s present or future financial statements.


        
        



pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &#147;Accounting for Income Taxes
&#148; which requires
 among other things
 an asset
and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires the recognition of deferred
tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts and the
tax bases of assets and liabilities


offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not that the net deferred asset will not
be realized.


the ASC 740 -10 related to
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns are filed
 it is highly certain that
some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while others are subject to uncertainty about
the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately sustained. In accordance with the guidance
of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements in the period during which
 based on all
available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination
 including
the resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken are not offset or aggregated with other positions.
Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is
more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits
associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above should be reflected as a liability for
uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable
to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions will be highly certain of being upheld upon
examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.


Definition of Settlement
 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether a tax position is effectively settled
for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a tax position can be effectively settled
upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished. For tax positions considered effectively
settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position is not considered more likely than
not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations remains open. Management
has not filed tax returns for the year ended December 31
 2014. Tax years 2013
 2012 and 2011 remain open for examination.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bonuses
 incentive awards
 postretirement and postemployment benefits granted to employees
 including equity-based arrangements; discloses methodologies for measurement
 and the bases for recognizing related assets and liabilities and recognizing and reporting compensation expense.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f(1))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -Section 02
 03
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 ii
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



under ASC Topic 820 for financial instruments measured on a fair value on a recurring basis. ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value
hierarchy
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest priority to unobservable data and requires
disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level in the hierarchy. Further authoritative accounting
guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820
 provides clarification that in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active
market for the identical liabilities is not available
 a reporting entity is required to measure fair value using one or more of
the techniques provided for in this update.


hierarchy based on three levels of input
 of which the first two are considered observable and the last unobservable
 that may
be used to measure fair value
 which are the following:


markets for identical assets and liabilities.


1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets of liabilities; quoted prices in
markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially
the full term of the asset or liabilities.


that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities.


a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment
 and considers factors specific to the asset
or liability.


with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &#147;Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity&#148; and ASC 815
 &#147;Derivatives
and Hedging&#148;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease
in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions
between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving at the over- all fair value of the financial instruments.
In addition
 the fair value of free standing derivative instruments such as warrant and option derivatives are valued using the
Black-Scholes modes.


its valuation methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value were determined by using the Black
Scholes option-pricing model based on various assumptions. The Company&#146;s derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair
value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments
to fair value of derivatives.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
584
856
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
584
856 &#160;
    

    
    
    
584
856
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
584
856 &#160;
    



of change in fair value of our derivative liabilities for the year ended December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
156
549
    

    
    
    
(621
433
    

    
    
    
1
135
190
    

    
    
    
(85
450
    

    
    
    
584
856
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America applicable to a going concern
which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. The Company has not
yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating cost and allow it to continue as a going concern.
The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining adequate capital to fund operating
losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital
 it could be forced to cease operations.


of $1
147
555 for the year ended December 31
 2014 and the Company had an accumulated deficit of $8
756
066 and a working capital
deficit of $1
680
346 at December 31
 2014. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#146;s ability to continue
as a going concern.&#160;


the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&#146;s plan to obtain such resources for the
Company include
 obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses.
However
 management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans.


will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds
 if available
 will be obtainable on terms satisfactory
to the Company. In addition
 profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues received from business operations.
However
 there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2014
 the Company
had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately ($8
600
000) that may be available to reduce our tax liability through tax
year 2034. We estimate the benefits of this loss carry forward at $3
354
000 if the Company produces sufficient taxable income.
No adjustments to the financial statements have been recorded for this potential tax benefit.&#160;The Company has no provisions
from income tax in 2014
 due to current period losses and full valuation allowance on deferred tax assets.


rate of 35% to the Company&#146;s effective tax rate is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(386
865
    
    
    
(217
289
    

    
    
    
(45
514
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
61
199
    
    
    
41
466
    

    
    
    
(433
581
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
804
761
    
    
    
175
823
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



rate of 35% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as of December 31
 2014 and 2011:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
3
354
000
    
    
    
2
549
239
    

    
    
    
(3
354
000
    
    
    
(2
549
239
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



allowance increased by $804
761 in 2014. Tax net operating loss carryforwards may be limited pursuant to the IRS Section 382 in
the event of certain ownership changes.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



capital lease obligations to purchase equipment used for operations. The Company will own the equipment at the end of the leasing
term. The underlying assets and related depreciation were included in the appropriate fixed asset category
 and related depreciation
account.


following amounts for leases that have been capitalized as of December 31
 2014:



    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    



capital leases at December 31
 2014 are as follows:



    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    






        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 the following: a) the basis on which contingent rental payments are determined; (b) the existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses; (c) restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) - Schedule of Stock Warrants Outstanding (Details) (Warrants [Member]
 USD $)

        
        

      














Warrants Outstanding
 Beginning Balance
4
533
334
        
        


Warrants
 Granted
        
        
        


Warrants Outstanding
 Ending Balance
4
533
334
        
        


Warrants
 Common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants
4
533
334
4
533
334
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Beginning
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Outstanding
 Ending
        
        
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Common stock issuable upon exercise of warrants
        
        
        






        
        
        


Warrants
 Granted
4
000
000
4
000
000
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted
        
        
        






        
        
        


Warrants
 Granted
400
000
400
000
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted
        
        
        






        
        
        


Warrants
 Granted
133
334
133
334
        


Weighted Average Exercise Price
 Granted
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

have been adjusted for the reverse stock split.



    
    
December 31
 2014
    
    
December 31
 2013
    

On January 16
 2012 the Company executed a promissory note for $50
000. The note bears interest at 10 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at $0.05 per share. In 2012
 $30
000 of the note was converted to 17
595 shares of common stock of the Company. In 2013 the note maturity date was extended to September 30
 2014. Due to the features in this note
 the Company could not determine if sufficient shares in the Company stock would be available to fulfill all conversion obligations .Accordingly a derivative liability was recorded for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 882%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
20
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On March 5
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $45
000. In 2014 the note was modified into three notes of $15
000 each. The notes bear interest at 8 % are unsecured. The notes matured March 5
 2014 but were extended to June 30
 2014. One of the notes was sold to a third party and amended. Due to the amended features the Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 765%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. The remaining two $15
000 notes are also convertible into common stock at the market price but no derivative liability was recorded. In February 2014
 the third party converted $5
000 of note into 16
955 shares of common stock of the Company.
    
    
10
015
    
    
    
45
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On March 5
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $45
000. In 2014 the note was modified into three notes of $15
000 each. The notes bear interest at 8 % are unsecured. The notes matured March 5
 2014 but were extended to June 30
 2014. One of the notes was sold to a third party and amended. Due to the amended features the Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 765%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. The remaining two $15
000 notes are also convertible into common stock at the market price but no derivative liability was recorded.
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On March 13
 2013 the Company executed three promissory notes for services provided totaling $109
500. The notes are payable upon demand and bear interest at 12 % and can be converted into common stock of the company at the average five day closing bid price multiplied by three. Note Amount Converted / (Average price x 3). On June 11
 2014 these notes were sold to Carebourn Capital. The new note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 or $0.0135 whichever is greater. Should this occur the conversion prices is reduced to the lower price. The company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025
 volitility of 65% and an assumed dividend of 0%.
    
    
    
    
    
    
109
500
    




On September 11
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $15
000 as payment to a service provider. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount of 35% off the average one day bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to the discount feature we have recorded a liability of $8
077
 or put premium
 as part of the carrying value of this note. The note is convertible at any time prior to maturity and bears interest at 6% per annum.
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
15
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On October 29
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $2
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures April 29
 2014. The note is convertible at the lower of a discount of 35% off the prior day&#146;s closing bid price or $0.01. The note also provided for purchase of 133
334 shares by execution of a warrant agreement. The agreement expires two years from the date of the note. Under this agreement shares can be purchased for $0.02 unless the Company sells stock at a price below that level. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 599%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.
    
    
2
500
    
    
    
2
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On December 12
 2013 the Company executed a promissory note for $53
000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock 180 days after issuance at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 368%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. Throughout 2014
 the noteholder fully converted the note into 408
660 common shares.
    
    
    
    
    
    
53
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On January 01
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $20
000 as payment to a service provider. The note is convertible into common stock of the Company at a discount of 35% off the average one day bid price the day prior to conversion. Due to the discount feature we have recorded a liability of $10
769
 or put premium
 as part of the carrying value of this note. The note is convertible at any time prior to maturity and bears interest at 6% per annum.
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

In February 2014
 a note with a face value of $35
000 was sold to a third party. The accrued interest on the note of $4
710 was added to the principal amount purchased. The note was amended and the Company has recorded a derivative liability based upon the amended features. The Company used the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025%
 volatility of 304%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. Throughout 2014
 the noteholder fully converted the note into 762
604 common shares.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

In February 2014
 a note notes with a face value of $22
000 was sold to a third party. In February 2014
 the third party converted $11
000 of note into 24
445 shares of common stock of the Company.
    
    
11
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On January 23
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $6
000. The note bears interest at 9.875 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average 3 day lowest closing sales price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 but no less that $0.0001. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 321%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%.
    
    
6
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On March 17
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $25
000. The note bears interest at 12 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 296%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. In November 2014
 the third party converted $7
135 of note into 366
598 shares of common stock of the Company.
    
    
17
865
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On February 04
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $53
000. The note bears interest at 8 % and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock 180 days after issuance at a discount of 45% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a price lower than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion price is reduced to that lower price. The Company has recorded a derivative liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivative liability with the following assumptions: Risk Free Interest rate of .025
 volatility of 308%
 and an assumed dividend rate of 0%. Throughout 2014
 the noteholder fully converted the note into 1
778
554 common shares.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




On June 9
 2014 the company executed a promissory note for $30
000. The note bears interest at 8% and is secured by common stock of the company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 42% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion. The company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025
 volitility of 276% and an assumed dividend of 0%.
    
    
30
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On June 11
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $86
500. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 or $0.0135 whichever is greater. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025
 volitility of 276% and an assumed dividend of 0%.
    
    
86
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On June 11
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $86
291 for the note plus interest on the note executed March 13
 2013. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 or $0.0135 whichever is greater. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025
 volitility of 276% and an assumed dividend of 0%. In June 2014
 the third party converted $13
319 of note into 56
000 shares of common stock of the Company. In July 2014
 the third party converted $4
510 of note into 40
000 shares of common stock of the Company. In August 2014
 the third party converted $5
077 of note into 93
334 shares of common stock of the Company. In September 2014
 the third party converted $12
311 of note into 420
000 shares of common stock of the Company. In October 2014
 the third party converted $14
111 of note into 655
334 shares of common stock of the Company. In November 2014
 the third party converted $13
816 of note into 753
334 shares of common stock of the Company. In December 2014
 the third party converted $4
670 of note into 626
667 shares of common stock of the Company.
    
    
5
542
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On June 30
 2014 the company executed a promissory note for $88
500. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the company. The note can be converted into common stock at the bid price on day prior to conversion.
    
    
88
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On August 8
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $50
000. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 35% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. Or the closing price of the issuer on the date of this note of $.001
 whichever is lower.
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On April 3
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $42
500. The note bears interest at 22% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a lower price than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion prices is reduced to the lower price. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025
 volitility of 292% and an assumed dividend of 0%.
    
    
42
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On July 8
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $42
500. The note bears interest at 22% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 unless the Company sells or issues stock at a lower price than the conversion price. Should this occur the conversion prices is reduced to the lower price. The Company has recorded the derivitive liability for this note using the Black Scholes Method to value the derivitive liabiltiy with the following assumptions: Risk free interest rate of .025
 volitility of 270% and an assumed dividend of 0%.
    
    
42
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On September 5
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 or the stock can be converted at $0.0135
 whichever is greater.
    
    
52
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On October 27
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 12% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average lowest 3 day trading price during a 10 day period prior to conversion
 or the stock can be converted at $0.0135
 whichever is greater.
    
    
52
500
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

On December 11
 2014 the Company executed a promissory note for $40
000. The note bears interest at 6% and is secured by common stock of the Company. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 35% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. Or the closing price of the issuer on the date of this note of $.001.
    
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
29
846
    
    
    
8
077
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(248
811
    
    
    
(54
962
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Total convertible notes outstanding
 net of unamortized discounts
    
    
388
957
    
    
    
228
615
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        
        
        

      


























Stockholders equity
 reverse split
1 for 100 reverse stock split
 which reduced the
number of issued and outstanding common shares from 2
903
888
889 to approximately 29
039
066.
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares outstanding
        
7
155
532
417
846
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorised
        
2
000
000
000
2
000
000
000
        
        
        


        
        
$ 250
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
4
950
29
570
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Convertible notes and warrants outstanding
 conversion of common stock
        
126
836
204
612
902
        
        
        


January 1
 2015 [Member]
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stockholders equity
 reverse split
        
        
1
for 150 reverse stock split
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares issued
2
903
888
889
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares outstanding
2
903
888
889
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorised
        
        
        
975
000
000
975
000
000
475
000
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares issued
29
039
066
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares outstanding
29
039
066
        
        
        
        
        


Common stock
 shares authorised
        
        
        
2
000
000
000
475
000
000
4
000
000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a valuation allowance for receivables due a company that are expected to be uncollectible.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        

      










        
        
        


Capital leased assets
 net
48
344
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Capital leased assets
 gross
$ 49
163
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Balance at Dec. 31
 2012
        
        
        
        
        
$ (22
500)
$ 6
329
254
$ (6
969
422)
$ (662
455)


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2012
225
015
        
        
3
414
180
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
29
570
        
29
570


Stock issued for services
 shares
15
047
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Adjust of prior period
 shares
1
273
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
13
000
        
13
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
22
500
(22
500)
        
        


Cancellation of service contracts
 shares
        
        
        
(33
000)
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Cancellation of stock issued to management
 shares
(133
333)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Fractional shares issued in reverse stock split
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
5
000
        
5
000


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
116
197
        
116
199


Stock issued for debt conversion
 shares
191
174
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
234
269
        
234
270


Stock issued under financing agreement
 shares
118
667
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(639
084)
(639
084)


Balance at Dec. 31
 2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
6
705
272
(7
608
511)
(903
232)


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2013
417
846
        
        
308
180
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
4
949
        
4
950


Stock issued for services
 shares
70
000
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
347
469
        
347
534


Stock issued for debt conversion
 shares
6
504
621
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
77
550
        
77
551


Stock issued under financing agreement
 shares
163
065
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
(1
147
555)
(1
147
555)


Balance at Dec. 31
 2014
        
        
        
        
        
        
$ 7
135
240
$ (8
756
066)
$ (1
620
752)


Balance
 shares at Dec. 31
 2014
7
155
532
        
        
308
180
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



 2012
 The Company entered
into an agreement with Iron ridge Global to settle $284
917 in liabilities. Pursuant to an order approving stipulation for settlement
of claims between Ironridge and the Company
 Ironridge is entitled to receive 1 million common shares plus that number of shares
with an aggregate value equal to $332
748
 divided by 70% of the following: the volume weighted average price of the issuer&#146;s
common stock over that number of consecutive trading days following the date of receipt required for the aggregate trading volume
to exceed $1.75 million
 not to exceed the arithmetic average of the individual daily volume weighted average prices of any five
trading days during such period.


any shares of common stock that would cause it to be deemed to beneficially own more than 9.99% of the Company&#146;s total outstanding
shares at any one time. Ironridge received an initial issuance of 97
150 shares
 and may be required to return or be entitled to
receive shares
 based on the calculation summarized in the prior paragraph. For purposes of calculating the percent of class
 the
initial issuance to Ironridge was based upon a total of 875
491 shares of common stock outstanding immediately prior to the issuance
of shares to Ironridge
 such that 97
150 shares issued would represent approximately 9.99% of the outstanding common stock after
such issuance.


31
 2014 and 2013
 Ironridge received 163
065 and 49
333 shares respectively
 which were recorded at $170
648 and $21
000 respectively.
For the same periods the Company recorded a gain of $93
097 on the shares issued in the fiscal the year ended December 31
 2014
and a loss of $109
600 on the shares issued in the fiscal the year ended December 31
 2013. At December 31
 2014 and 2013
 the
balance of shares due Ironridge Global was -0- and 231
856 respectively
 which was recorded at values of $0 and $243
448
 respectively.
Carrying value of amounts due under this agreement are computed by multiplying the percentage of total shares due issued to Ironridge
times the initial value of the obligation recorded in 2012. In connection with the transaction
 Ironridge agreed not to hold any
short position in the issuer&#146;s common stock
 and not to engage in or affect
 directly or indirectly
 any short sale until
at least 180 days after the end of the calculation period.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
$ 8
844
        


        
        
        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        
        


        
        
        


Property and equipment
 estimated useful life
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
$ 3
354
000
$ 2
549
239


        
(3
354
000)
(2
549
239)


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        


        
        

the following at December 31
 2014 and December 31
 2013:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    

    
    
    


    
    
    


    



    
    


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


    
    
    
    
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













