

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-13-000685
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130416
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130416
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STAKOOL
 INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001058330
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				880393257
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24723
		FILM NUMBER:		13764739
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18565 SOLEDAD CANYON ROAD #153
		CITY:			CANYON COUNTRY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91351
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(310) 309-9080
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18565 SOLEDAD CANYON ROAD #153
		CITY:			CANYON COUNTRY
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			91351
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mod Hospitality
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080926
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PSPP HOLDINGS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070122
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	PITTS & SPITTS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20020815








     






UNITED
STATES
SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

[X]
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For
the Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2012



[&nbsp;&nbsp;]
TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



STAKOOL
    INC.

(Exact
    name of registrant as specified in its charter)


Commission
file number: 00-24723

STAKOOL
INC.
(Name
of small business issuer in its charter)



    
    
    
    
    

(State
    or other jurisdiction of
    
(Commission
    File Number)
    
(I.R.S.
    Employer

incorporation
    or organization)
    
    
    
Identification
    Number)


1111
Alderman Drive
 Suite 210
Alpharetta
Georgia 30005
(Address
of Principal Executive Offices)

(770)
521-9826
(Registrant&rsquo;s
telephone number
 including area code)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
Common
Stock
 $0.00001 par value

&nbsp;Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;]
No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive
Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [&nbsp;&nbsp;]

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 or a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller
reporting company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller
reporting company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one):



Large
    accelerated filer
    
    
Accelerated
    filer
    
    

Non-accelerated
    filer
    
    
Smaller
    reporting company
    
    


Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes [&nbsp;&nbsp;] No [X]

The
aggregate market value of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of June 29
 2012
 was
97
264
167. As of April 8
 2013 the registrant had 2
047
666
666 shares of its common stock
 par value $0.00001; 0 shares of its
Preferred A Series stock
 par value $0.00001; 1 share of its Preferred B Series stock
 par value $0.00001; and 308
180 shares
of its Preferred C Series stock
 par value $0.00001 outstanding.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE







    
    



TABLE
OF CONTENTS



    
    
Page
    No.

PART
    I
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    1.
    
    
    

Item
    1A.
    
Risk
    Factors.
    

Item
    1B.
    
Unresolved
    Staff Comments.
    

Item
    2.
    
    
    

Item
    3.
    
Legal
    Proceedings.
    

Item
    4.
    
Mine
    Safety Disclosures.
    

    
    
    

PART
    II
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    5.
    
Market
    For Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.
    

Item
    6.
    
Selected
    Financial Data.
    

Item
    7.
    
Management&rsquo;s
    Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation.
    

Item
    7A
    
Quantitative
    and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.
    

Item
    8.
    
Financial
    Statements and Supplementary Data.
    

Item
    9.
    
Changes
    In And Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.
    

Item
    9A.
    
Controls
    And Procedures.
    

Item
    9B.
    
Other
    Information.
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    III
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    10.
    
Directors
    Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.
    

Item
    11.
    
Executive
    Compensation.
    

Item
    12.
    
Security
    Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.
    

Item
    13.
    
Certain
    Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence.
    

Item
    14.
    
Principal
    Accounting Fees and Services.
    

    
    
    
    

PART
    IV
    

    
    
    
    

Item
    15.
    
Exhibits
    Financial Statements Schedules.
    

    
    
    
    

    
    



    
    


SPECIAL
NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

The
following cautionary statements identify important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those
projected in forward-looking statements made in this amended. Annual Report on Form 10-K (this &ldquo;Report&rdquo;) and in other
reports and documents published by us from time to time. Any statements about our beliefs
 plans
 objectives
 expectations
 assumptions
future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often
 but not always
made through the use of words or phrases such as &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;will likely result
&rdquo; &ldquo;are expected
to
&rdquo; &ldquo;will continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;is anticipated
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimated
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo;
&ldquo;projection
&rdquo; &ldquo;outlook&rdquo; and the like
 constitute &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the
&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;). However
 as we issue &ldquo;penny stock
&rdquo; as such term is defined in Rule 3a51-1 promulgated
under the Exchange Act
 we are ineligible to rely on these safe harbor provisions. Such forward-looking statements involve known
and unknown risks
 uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results
 performance or achievements of our Company
to be materially different from any future results
 performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
Given these uncertainties
 readers are cautioned to carefully read all &ldquo;Risk Factors&rdquo; set forth under Item 1A and
not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation to update any such factors or to announce
publicly the results of any revisions of the forward-looking statements contained or incorporated by reference herein to reflect
future events or developments
 except as required by the Exchange Act. New factors emerge from time to time
 and it is not possible
for us to predict which will arise or to assess with any precision the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to
which any factor
 or combination of factors
 may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking
statements.

Unless
otherwise provided in this Report
 references to &ldquo;Stakool
 &ldquo;the &ldquo;Company
&rdquo; the &ldquo;Registrant
&rdquo;
the &ldquo;Issuer
&rdquo; &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; and &ldquo;our&rdquo; refer to Stakool
 Inc.


    
    


PART
I

Item
1. Business



History
of Stakool
 Inc.

Stakool
Inc. was incorporated in the State of Delaware under the name
 PLR
 Inc. in 1993
 and went through a series of name changes and
reorganizations. In November 1997
 PLR
 Inc. changed its name to Integrated Carbonics Corp. and moved its domicile to the State
of Nevada. On July 23
 1999
 Integrated Carbonics Corp. changed its name to Urbana.ca
 Inc. (&ldquo;URBA&rdquo;). On April 11
2003
 URBA changed its name to PSPP Holdings
 Inc. On August 11
 2008
 PSPP Holdings
 Inc. changed its name to Cynosure Holdings
Inc. by filing a Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation with the State of Nevada. On August 21
 2008
 the Company
changed its name to Hybid Hospitality
 Inc. by filing a Certificate of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation.

On
June 16
 2011
 Stakool entered into a Letter of Intent of Sale and Purchase with Anthus Life Corp.
 a privately held Nevada corporation
(&ldquo;Anthus Life&rdquo;).

On
July 20
 2011
 Stakool and Anthus Life executed an Agreement of Sale and Purchase where by Anthus Life received 77
588
470 shares
of 79
388
470 issued and outstanding shares of Stakool common stock
 as well as 10
000
000 Preferred Shares of Stakool in exchange
for scheduled payments
 totaling $350
000 and 1
300
000 shares of Stakool common stock the &ldquo;Agreement of Sale and Purchase&rdquo;).
The parties amended the Agreement of Purchase and Sale as of January 19
 2012
 providing
 among other things
 for the issuance
of an additional 2
650
000 shares of Stakool common stock to certain parties. All stock has been issued under the Agreement of
Sale and Purchase and
 as of December 31
 2012
 $355
000 has been paid.

Anthus
Life was incorporated in the State of Nevada on June 4
 2009
 with its principal place of business in Jacksonville Florida. Anthus
Life was founded on the belief that everyone has the power to make healthy lifestyle choices. The motivating mission of Anthus
Life was to:




    
    
Source
    or manufacture and distribute innovative products made with all certified natural and/or organic ingredients;

    
    
Conduct
    continual research and development of high performance &ldquo;green&rdquo; products;

    
    
Grow
    by engaging strategic partners who have proven distribution;

    
    
Sustain
    above-average annual top-line growth with a gross profit of 35% plus;

    
    
Instill
    a corporate culture that empowers our fellow workers with dedication and enthusiastic team spirit;

    
    
Apply
    sensitive and respectful practices to promote sustainable social relationships and responsible corporate governance; and

    
    
Maintain
    strong business growth through profitable and complementary acquisitions.


Stakool
strives to become a leading supplier of natural and organic products by fulfilling the highest standards for quality
 consistency
sustainability
 product assortments
 value-added support services and integrity in our business and personal relationships. Through
trust and our commitment to quality we will build a loyal consumer following throughout North America.

Current
Products
 Potential Product Categories and Extension

Anthus
Life has formally launched eight natural healthy snack bars in 2010; the Company will be looking to introduce additional USDA
Organic Certified health bars among other complementary products during 2013.

Nutritional
and dietary criteria that we adheres to are based on review and approval by accredited scientific food agencies and standards
as set by government organizations. The Company will take acute consideration to effectively produce and package the best tasting
product that is &ldquo;good and better&rdquo; for the consumer.

Intellectual
Property

The
company has no registered patents; however
 all of its products are formulated utilizing its own proprietary formulations.


    
    


Production
Sources of Raw Materials and the Names of Principal Suppliers

An
experienced core management team has reviewed
 studied and analyzed the natural and/or organic product market. We will establish
a procurement program and will work with outside professionals to build our business
 create brands through eco friendly packaging
and distinctive labeling
 and develop key distribution relationships.

Marketing
Strategy

The
strategy is to have our brand name strongly associated on all of our distributed products and to focus on finding and developing
the best USDA certified natural and/or organic food product options for North America. In fact
 during 2013
 the Company plans
to introduce additional USDA Certified Organic health bars among other complementary products. For 2013
 our R&amp;D team is diligently
working to develop additional product line extensions to include several products for the natural and organic food market as well
as for the health and wellness market.

We
have secured a manufacturer with the requisite governmental approval
 having completed the package design and is distributing
the initial product offering. We are excited about the opportunity to bring healthy
 great tasting
 and natural and/or organic
food products at affordable prices to the mass North American market.

Our
initial product launch included 8 Health Bars that have no refined sugar
 no artificial flavors
 low sodium
 no genetically modified
products
 no preservatives
 no trans fat
 no gluten
 no cholesterol
 no dairy products
 and no wheat.

We
are continuing to target the following consumers: (i) those who are already knowledgeable on the benefits of natural and/or organic
foods; presenting a viable opportunity for them to taste
 switch
 and become loyal
 to our product; (ii) parents of young children
wanting a healthy snack alternative and linking the need of healthy benefits and well-being
 value in the price
 and volume and
quality; (iii) organizations in need of fundraising programs; and (iv) companies in search for new product line under their brand
to add to their revenue stream.

We
believe that once the consumer tastes our product line
 he or she will become a loyal consumer and will seek out our product because
of the health benefits
 value in price
 quality of the product and the good taste of the product
 thus becoming a returning and
loyal consumer.

Market
indicators over the past 5 years show that the natural and/or organic product market is expanding fast
 and it is only a matter
of time before it enters into mainstream retailing. Even though most supermarkets sell natural and/or organic products it is our
belief that consumers cannot identify with just one brand when shopping for natural and/or organic. The offerings are confusing
and because they are mixed in with regular products they often become line extensions of existing products. We believe that the
consumer market is ready to identify with a brand dedicated to quality
 reasonably priced
 great tasting organic packaged products
for both children and adults.

According
to the Organic Trade Association
 organic product sales have grown at about a 20% annual rate since 1990. Organic Trade Association
(OTA) is a membership-based business association that concentrates on the organic business community in North America and is located
in Greenfield
 MA. A March 9
 2006 article published by &ldquo;Reuters Food Summit&rdquo; (an internet service of the Reuters
Foundation)
 indicates major signs showing that the natural and/or organic foods are gathering speed and that mainstream acceptance
is forcing big box stores
 such as Wal-Mart Inc.
 to double its offering of organic products in its stores.

Further
research shows consumers of various states
 such as Washington and Oregon
 for example
 conscious of buying green and organic.
Recent market research by Mambo Sprouts Marketing released in 2008
 explained that consumers in Washington and Oregon see buying
&lsquo;green&rsquo; as a priority. More than nine in ten consumers (92%) reported buying the same (54%) or more (38%) environmentally
friendly products compared to six months ago.



At
the present time
 the company has no employees other than its officer and director
 who devotes his full time to the Company.
We intend to add staff as needed
 as we expand operations or change our business plan.


    
    


Item
1A. Risk Factors

Our
business is subject to numerous risks. We caution you that the following important factors
 among others
 could cause our actual
results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf in filings with the
SEC
 press releases
 communications with investors and oral statements. Any or all of our forward-looking statements in this and
in any other public statements we make may turn out to be wrong. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions we might make
or by known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many factors mentioned in the discussion below will be important in determining
future results. Consequently
 no forward-looking statement can be guaranteed. Actual future results may vary materially from those
anticipated in forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result
of new information
 future events or otherwise. You are advised
 however
 to consult any further disclosure we make in our reports
filed with the SEC.

An
investment in our Company involves a substantial risk of loss. You should carefully consider the risks described below
 before
you make any investment decision regarding our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties
 including those generally affecting
the market in which we operate or that we currently deem immaterial
 may also impair our business. If any such risks actually
materialize
 our business
 financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected. In such case
 the trading price
of our common stock could decline.

The
following risk factors are not exhaustive and the risks discussed herein do not purport to be inclusive of all possible risks
but are intended only as examples of possible investment risks. To facilitate understanding of the various business risks applicable
to our Company and the strategic alliance companies through which we intend to operate our business during the foreseeable future
the risk factors discussed herein address our Company together with the risks applicable to our operations that we intend to conduct
with our strategic alliance partners.

RISK
FACTORS RELATING TO STAKOOL
 INC. AND ITS BUSINESS

THE
COMPANY IS SUBJECT TO THE RISKS INHERENT IN A NEWLY-CREATED BUSINESS

The
Company is subject to substantially all the risks inherent in a newly-created business. As a result of its small size and capitalization
and limited operating history
 the Company is particularly susceptible to adverse effects of changing economic conditions and
consumer tastes
 competition
 and other contingencies or events beyond the control of the Company. It may be more difficult for
the Company to prepare for and respond to these types of risks and the risks described elsewhere in this Form 10-K than for a
company with an established business and operating cash flow. If the Company is not able to manage these risks successfully
 the
Company&rsquo;s operations could be negatively impacted. Due to changing circumstances
 the Company may be forced to change dramatically
or even terminate
 its planned operations.


    
    


INVESTORS
MAY LOSE THEIR ENTIRE INVESTMENT IF STAKOOL FAILS TO IMPLEMENT ITS BUSINESS PLAN.

The
Company expects to face substantial risks
 uncertainties
 expenses
 and difficulties because it is a development-stage company.
Anthus Life was formed in Nevada on June 4
 2009. The Company has no demonstrable operations record of substance upon which you
can evaluate the company&rsquo;s business and prospects. The Company&rsquo;s prospects must be considered in light of the risks
uncertainties
 expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of development. The company
cannot guarantee that it will be successful in accomplishing its objectives.

As
of the date of this prospectus the Company has had only limited start-up operations and has generated minimal revenues. Considering
these facts
 independent auditors have reservation about the company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern in the independent
auditors&rsquo; report to the financial statements filed with our Form 10-K. In addition
 the company&rsquo;s lack of operating
capital could negatively affect the value of its common shares and could result in the loss of your entire investment.

WE
RELY ON KEY PERSONNEL AND IF THEY LEAVE US
 OUR BUSINESS PLAN AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS COULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED.

We
rely heavily on our President and Chief Executive Officer
 Joseph C. Canouse for our success. His experience and input create
the foundation for our business and he is responsible for the directorship and control over our activities. Moving forward
 should
we lose the services of Mr. Canouse
 for any reason
 we will incur costs associated with recruiting a replacement and delay in
our operations. If we are unable to replace Mr. Canouse with another suitably trained individual
 we may be forced to scale back
or curtail our business plan. As a result of this
 your investment in us could be devalued.

WE
HAVE NOT AND DO NOT ANTICIPATE PAYING ANY CASH DIVIDEND ON OUR COMMON STOCK AND BECAUSE OF THIS OUR SECURITIES COULD FACE DEVALUATION
IN THE MARKET.

We
have paid no cash dividends on our Common Stock to date and it is not anticipated that any cash dividends will be paid to holders
of our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. While our dividend policy will be based on the operating results and capital needs
of our business operations
 it is anticipated that any earnings will be retained to finance our business operations and future
expansion.

CHANGES
IN CONSUMER PREFERENCES AND DISCRETIONARY SPENDING MAY HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR REVENUE
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND
FINANCIAL CONDITION.


 our inability to
develop new products that appeal to consumers
 or changes in our product mix that eliminate items popular with some consumers
could harm our business. Also
 our success depends to a significant extent on discretionary consumer spending
 which is influenced
by general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary income. Accordingly
 we may experience declines in revenue
during economic downturns or during periods of uncertainty. Any material decline in the amount of discretionary spending could
have a material adverse effect on our sales
 results of operations
 business and financial condition.

FLUCTUATIONS
IN VARIOUS COMMODITY
 PACKAGING AND SUPPLY COSTS
 COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS.

The
prices of the main ingredients in our offerings can be highly volatile. Supplies and prices of the various products that we use
to prepare our products can be affected by a variety of factors
 such as weather
 seasonal fluctuations
 demand
 politics and
economics in the producing countries. An increase in pricing of any major ingredients that we use in our products could have a
significant adverse effect on our profitability In addition; higher diesel prices have
 in some cases
 resulted in the imposition
of surcharges on the delivery of commodities to distributors. Additionally
 higher diesel and gasoline prices may affect our supply
costs and may affect our sales going forward. To help mitigate the risks of volatile commodity prices and to allow greater predictability
in pricing
 we hope to enter into fixed price or to-be-fixed priced purchase commitments. We cannot assure you that these activities
will be successful or that they will not result in our paying substantially more than would have been required absent such activities.
We do not presently have any multi-year pricing agreements (with fixed processing costs)
 and none with guaranteed volume commitments.


    
    


We
may not be able to prevent others from using our intellectual property
 and may be subject to claims by third parties that we
infringe on their intellectual property.

Our
products are created using proprietary formulations; however
 we have no registered patents. Preventing and policing the unauthorized
use of our intellectual property is often difficult and any steps we take may not
 in every case
 prevent the infringement by
unauthorized third parties. Further
 there can be no assurance that our efforts to enforce our rights and protect our intellectual
property will be successful. We may need to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights
 which may result
in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.

Further
although management does not believe that our products infringe on the intellectual rights of others
 there is no assurance that
we will not be the target of infringement or other claims. Such claims
 even if not true
 could result in significant legal and
other costs and may be a distraction to our management or interrupt our business.

LITIGATION
AND PUBLICITY CONCERNING PRODUCT QUALITY
 HEALTH AND OTHER ISSUES
 WHICH CAN RESULT IN LIABILITIES AND ALSO CAUSE CONSUMERS TO
AVOID OUR PRODUCTS
 WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION.

Beverage
and food service businesses can be adversely affected by litigation and complaints from consumers or government authorities resulting
from food and beverage quality
 illness
 injury or other health concerns or operating issues stemming from one retail location
or a limited number of retail locations. Adverse publicity about these allegations may negatively affect us
 regardless of whether
the allegations are true
 by discouraging consumers from buying our products. We could also incur significant liabilities
 if
a lawsuit or claim results in a decision against us
 or litigation costs
 regardless of the result.

BEVERAGE
AND FOOD SAFETY CONCERNS AND INSTANCES OF FOOD-BORNE ILLNESSES COULD HARM OUR CONSUMERS
 RESULT IN NEGATIVE PUBLICITY AND CAUSE
THE TEMPORARY CLOSURE OF SOME CONSUMERS&rsquo; STORES AND
 IN SOME CASES
 COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT THE PRICE AND AVAILABILITY OF
FRUITS
 ANY OF WHICH COULD HARM OUR BRAND REPUTATION
 RESULT IN A DECLINE IN SALES OR AN INCREASE IN COSTS.

We
consider food and beverage safety a top priority and will dedicate substantial resources towards ensuring that consumers enjoy
high-quality
 safe and wholesome products. However
 we cannot guarantee that controls and training will be fully effective in
preventing all food-borne illnesses. Furthermore
 reliance on third-party suppliers and distributors increases the risk that food-borne
illness incidents (such as E. coli
 Hepatitis A
 Salmonella or Listeria) could occur outside of our control and at multiple locations.

Instances
of food-borne illnesses
 whether real or perceived
 and whether at our consumers&rsquo; stores or those of our competitors
 could
harm consumers and otherwise result in negative publicity about us or the products we serve
 which could adversely affect sales.
If there is an incident involving consumers&rsquo; C-stores and other approved channels serving contaminated products
 consumers
may be harmed
 our sales may decrease and our brand name may be impaired. If consumers become ill from food-borne illnesses
 we
could be forced to temporarily suspend some operations. If we react to negative publicity by changing our products or other key
aspects of the ALC experience
 we may lose consumers who do not accept those changes
 and may not be able to attract enough new
consumers to produce the revenue needed to make our operations profitable. In addition
 we may have different or additional competitors
for our intended consumers as a result of making any such changes and may not be able to compete successfully against those competitors.
Food safety concerns and instances of food-borne illnesses and injuries caused by food contamination have in the past
 and could
in the future
 adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients and cause consumers to shift their preferences
particularly if we choose to pass any higher ingredient costs along to consumers. As a result
 our costs may increase and our
sales may decline. A decrease in consumer traffic as a result of these health concerns or negative publicity
 or as a result of
a change in our products or smoothie experience or a temporary suspension of any of our consumer operations
 could materially
harm our business.

THE
FOOD SERVICE INDUSTRY HAS INHERENT OPERATIONAL RISKS THAT MAY NOT BE ADEQUATELY COVERED BY INSURANCE.

We
can give no assurance that we will be adequately insured against all risks or that our insurers will pay a particular claim. Furthermore
in the future
 we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at reasonable rates for our operations. We may also be
subject to calls
 or premiums
 in amounts based not only on our own claim records but also the claim records of all other members
of the protection and indemnity associations through which we may receive indemnity insurance coverage for tort liability. Our
insurance policies may also contain deductibles
 limitations and exclusions which
 although we may believe are standard in the
food service industry
 may nevertheless increase our costs.


    
    


THE
PLANNED INCREASE IN THE NUMBER OF STORES WHERE ARE OUR PRODUCTS WILL BE AVAILABLE MAY MAKE FUTURE RESULTS UNPREDICTABLE.

Our
future results depend on various factors
 including successful selection of new markets
 market acceptance of Anthus Life&rsquo;s
&ldquo;ALC Experience&rdquo;
 consumer recognition of the quality of our products and willingness to pay our prices (which reflect
our often higher ingredient costs
) the quality and performance of our equipment and general economic conditions. In addition
as with the experience of other retail food and beverage concepts who have tried to expand nationally
 we may find that the Anthus
Life concept has limited or no appeal to consumers in new markets or we may experience a decline in the popularity of the ALC
Experience. Newly opened stores may not succeed
 future markets may not be successful and average store revenue may not meet expectations.

OUR
FAILURE TO MANAGE OUR GROWTH EFFECTIVELY COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS.

Our
plans call for a significant increase in the number of consumers. Product supply
 financial and management controls and information
systems may be inadequate to support our expansion. Managing our growth effectively will require us to continue to enhance these
systems
 procedures
 and controls and to hire
 train and retain management and staff. We may not respond quickly enough to the
changing demands that our expansion will impose on our management
 employees and existing infrastructure. We also place a lot
of importance on our culture
 which we believe will be an important contributor to our success. As we grow
 however
 we may have
difficulty maintaining our culture or adapting it sufficiently to meet the needs of our operations. Our failure to manage our
growth effectively could harm our business and operating results.

OUR
QUARTERLY OPERATING RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE SIGNIFICANTLY AND COULD FALL BELOW THE EXPECTATIONS OF INVESTORS DUE TO VARIOUS FACTORS.

Our
quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly because of various factors
 including:



1.
    
    
The
    impact of inclement weather
 natural disasters and other calamities
 such as earthquakes and/or hurricanes
 which could cause
    a delay in getting our products to our consumers;

    
    
    

2.
    
    
unseasonably
    cold or wet weather conditions could cause a delay in getting our products to our consumers;

    
    
    

3.
    
    
profitability
    of our operations where our products are sold
 especially in new markets;

    
    
    

4.
    
    
changes
    in comparable store sales and consumer visits
 including the introduction of new product items;

    
    
    

5.
    
    
variations
    in general economic conditions
 including those relating to changes in diesel and gasoline prices;

    
    
    

6.
    
    
negative
    publicity about the ingredients we use or the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or other problems at stores where our products
    are available;

    
    
    

7.
    
    
changes
    in consumer preferences and discretionary spending;

    
    
    

8.
    
    
increases
    in infrastructure costs; and

    
    
    

9.
    
    
fluctuation
    in supply prices.


Because
of these factors
 results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or
for any year. Average consumers&rsquo; store revenue or comparable store revenue in any particular future period may decrease.
In the future
 our operating results may fall below the expectations of investors. In that event
 the value of our Common Stock
or other securities would likely decrease.

OUR
CONSUMERS AND SUPPLIERS COULD TAKE ACTIONS THAT HARM OUR REPUTATION AND REDUCE OUR PROFITS.

Consumers
and suppliers are separate entities and are not our employees. Further
 we do not exercise control over the day-to-day operations
of our consumers and suppliers. Any operational shortcomings of our consumers and suppliers are likely to be attributed to our
system-wide operations and could adversely affect our reputation and have a direct negative impact on our profits.


    
    


OUR
REVENUE IS SUBJECT TO VOLATILITY BASED ON WEATHER AND VARIES BY SEASON.

Seasonal
factors could also cause our revenue to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our revenue may be lower during the winter months and
the holiday season and during periods of inclement weather and higher during the spring
 summer and fall months. Our revenue will
likely also vary from quarter to quarter as a result of the number of trading days
 that is
 the number of days in a quarter when
stores are open.

WE
COULD FACE LIABILITY FROM OUR CONSUMERS
 SUPPLIERS OR GOVERNMENT.

A
consumer
 supplier or government agency may bring legal action against us based on the consumer/ supplier relationships. Various
state and federal laws govern our relationship with consumers and suppliers. If we fail to comply with these laws
 we could be
liable for damages to consumers or suppliers and fines or other penalties. Expensive litigation with our consumers/suppliers or
government agencies may adversely affect both our profits and our important relations with our consumer/suppliers.


WE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS.

Developing
our business may require significant capital in the future. To meet our capital needs
 we expect to rely on our cash flow from
operations and potentially
 third-party financing. Third-party financing may not
 however
 be available on terms favorable to
us
 or at all. Our ability to obtain additional funding will be subject to various factors
 including market conditions
 our operating
performance
 lender sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with other contractual restrictions
 such
as financial covenants under our credit facility. These factors may make the timing
 amount
 terms and conditions of additional
financings unattractive. Our inability to raise capital could impede our growth.

LITIGATION
COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT US BY DISTRACTING MANAGEMENT
 INCREASING OUR EXPENSES OR SUBJECTING US TO MATERIAL MONEY DAMAGES AND OTHER
REMEDIES.

Our
consumers could file complaints or lawsuits against us alleging that we are responsible for some illness or injury their consumers
suffered at or after a visit to their stores
 or that we have problems with food quality or operations. We are also subject to
a variety of other claims arising in the ordinary course of our business
 including personal injury claims
 contract claims and
claims alleging violations of federal and state law regarding workplace and employment matters
 discrimination and similar matters
and we could become subject to class action or other lawsuits related to these or different matters in the future. Regardless
of whether any claims against us are valid
 or whether we are ultimately held liable
 claims may be expensive to defend and may
divert time and money away from our operations and hurt our performance. A judgment significantly in excess of our insurance coverage
for any claims could materially and adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting
from these allegations may also materially and adversely affect our reputation or prospects
 which in turn could adversely affect
our results. The food and beverage services industry has been subject to a growing number of claims based on the nutritional content
of food products they sell and disclosure and advertising practices.

WE
MAY ALSO INCUR COSTS RESULTING FROM OTHER SECURITY RISKS WE MAY FACE IN CONNECTION WITH OUR ELECTRONIC PROCESSING AND TRANSMISSION
OF CONFIDENTIAL CONSUMER INFORMATION.

We
rely on commercially available software and other technologies to provide security for processing and transmission of consumer
credit card data. Our systems could be compromised in the future
 which could result in the misappropriation of consumer information
or the disruption of systems. Either of those consequences could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business
or subject it to additional liabilities.


    
    


WE
ARE EXPOSED TO INCREASED COSTS AND RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH COMPLIANCE WITH CHANGING LAWS
 REGULATIONS AND STANDARDS IN GENERAL
AND SPECIFICALLY WITH INCREASED AND NEW REGULATION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND DISCLOSURE STANDARDS.

We
expect to spend an increased amount of management time and external resources to comply with existing and changing laws
 regulations
and standards in general
 and specifically relating to corporate governance. In particular
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 requires management to annually review and evaluate all of our internal control systems
 and file attestations of
the effectiveness of these systems by our management and by our independent auditors. This process may require us to hire additional
personnel and use outside advisory services and result in additional accounting and legal expenses. If in the future our chief
executive officer
 chief financial officer or independent auditors determine that our controls over financial reporting are not
effective as defined under Section 404
 investor perceptions may be adversely affected and could cause a decline in the value
of our stock. If our independent auditors are unable to provide an unqualified attestation of management&rsquo;s assessment of
our internal control over financial reporting
 or disclaim an ability to issue an attestation
 it could result in a loss of investor
confidence in our financial reports
 adversely affect our stock value and our ability to access the capital markets or borrow
money. Failure to comply with other existing and changing laws
 regulations and standards could also adversely affect the Company.

THE
REPORT OF OUR INDEPENDENT AUDITORS INDICATES UNCERTAINTY CONCERNING OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN AND THIS MAY IMPAIR
OUR ABILITY TO RAISE CAPITAL TO FUND OUR BUSINESS PLAN.

Our
independent auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We cannot assure you that
this will not impair our ability to raise capital on attractive terms. Additionally
 we cannot assure you that we will ever achieve
significant revenues and therefore remain a going concern.

COMPETITORS
WITH MORE RESOURCES MAY FORCE US OUT OF BUSINESS.

We
will compete with many well-established companies
 food and beverage service
 C-stores and other approved channels and otherwise
on the basis of taste
 quality and price of product offered
 consumer service
 atmosphere
 location and overall guest experience.
Aggressive pricing by our competitors or the entrance of new competitors into our markets could reduce our revenue and profit
margins.

STAKOOL
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ATTAIN PROFITABILITY WITHOUT ADDITIONAL FUNDING
 WHICH MAY BE UNAVAILABLE.

The
Company has limited capital resources. To date
 the Company has funded its operations from limited funding and has not generated
sufficient cash from operations to be profitable or to maintain sufficient inventory. Unless the Company begins to generate sufficient
revenues to finance operations as a going concern
 the Company may experience liquidity and solvency problems. Such liquidity
and solvency problems may force the Company to cease operations if additional financing is not available.

THE
COST TO MEET OUR REPORTING AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS AS A PUBLIC COMPANY SUBJECT TO THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 WILL BE SUBSTANTIAL
AND MAY RESULT IN US HAVING INSUFFICIENT FUNDS TO EXPAND OUR BUSINESS OR EVEN MEET ROUTINE BUSINESS OBLIGATIONS.

Subject
to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934
 we will incur ongoing expenses associated with professional fees for
accounting
 legal
 and a host of other expenses for annual reports and proxy statements. We estimate that these costs could range
up to $50
000 per year in the next few years and will be higher if our business volume and activity increases.

WE
MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY IN ATTRACTING AND RETAINING MANAGEMENT AND OUTSIDE INDEPENDENT MEMBERS TO OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS AS A RESULT
OF THEIR CONCERNS RELATING TO THEIR INCREASED PERSONAL EXPOSURE TO LAWSUITS AND STOCKHOLDER CLAIMS BY VIRTUE OF HOLDING THESE
POSITIONS IN A PUBLICLY-HELD COMPANY.

The
directors and management of publicly-traded corporations are increasingly concerned with the extent of their personal exposure
to lawsuits and stockholder claims
 as well as governmental and creditor claims which may be made against them
 particularly in
view of recent changes in securities laws imposing additional duties
 obligations and liabilities on management and directors.
Due to these perceived risks
 directors and management are also becoming increasingly concerned with the availability of directors&rsquo;
and officers&rsquo; liability insurance to pay on a timely basis the costs incurred in defending such claims. We currently do
not carry directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance. Directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance has
recently become much more expensive and difficult to obtain. If we are unable to provide directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo;
liability insurance at affordable rates or at all
 it may become increasingly more difficult to attract and retain qualified outside
directors to serve on our board of directors.


    
    


We
may lose potential independent board members and management candidates to other companies that have greater directors&rsquo; and
officers&rsquo; liability insurance to insure them from liability or to companies that have revenues or have received greater
funding to date which can offer more lucrative compensation packages. The fees of directors are also rising in response to their
increased duties
 obligations and liabilities as well as increased exposure to such risks. As a company with a limited operating
history and limited resources
 we will have a more difficult time attracting and retaining management and outside independent
directors than a more established company due to these enhanced duties
 obligations and liabilities.

WE
MAY NOT ACHIEVE RESULTS SIMILAR TO THE FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS.

Projections
and estimated financial results are based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and
 though considered reasonable
by us
 are subject to significant business
 economic
 and competitive uncertainties and contingencies
 all of which are difficult
to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly
 there can be no assurance that the projected results will be
realized or that actual results will not be significantly lower than projected. Neither we nor any other person or entity assumes
any responsibility for the accuracy or validity of the projections.

OUR
DIRECTORS HAVE THE RIGHT TO AUTHORIZE THE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES OF OUR PREFERRED STOCK.

Our
directors
 within the limitations and restrictions contained in our articles of incorporation and without further action by our
stockholders
 have the authority to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to fix the number
of shares and the relative rights
 conversion rights
 voting rights
 and terms of redemption
 liquidation preferences and any
other preferences
 special rights and qualifications of any such series. Any issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely
affect the rights of holders of our common stock.

IF
THERE IS A MARKET FOR OUR SECURITIES IN THE FUTURE
 OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE AND ILLIQUID.

We
can make no assurance that there will be a public market for our common Stock in the future. If there is a market for our Common
Stock in the future
 we anticipate that such market may be illiquid and might be subject to wide fluctuations in response to several
factors
 including
 but not limited to the following factors:



(1)
    
    
actual
    or anticipated variations in our results of operations;

(2)
    
    
our
    ability or inability to generate new revenue;

(3)
    
    
our
    ability to anticipate and effectively adapt to a developing market;

(4)
    
    
our
    ability to attract
 retain and motivate qualified personnel;

(5)
    
    
consumer
    satisfaction and loyalty;

(6)
    
    
increased
    competition; and

(7)
    
    
conditions
    and trends in the market for organic and natural products.


SALES
OF A SUBSTANTIAL NUMBER OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK INTO THE PUBLIC MARKET BY SELLING SHAREHOLDERS MAY CAUSE A REDUCTION IN
THE PRICE OF OUR STOCK AND PURCHASERS WHO ACQUIRE SHARES FROM THE SELLING SHAREHOLDERS MAY LOSE SOME OR ALL OF THEIR INVESTMENTS.

If
a market for our shares develops
 sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could cause
a reduction in the price of our Common Stock. If selling Shareholders resell a substantial portion of the issued and outstanding
shares of our Common Stock it could have an adverse effect on the price of our Common Stock. As a result of any such decreases
in the price of our Common Stock
 purchasers who acquire shares from Selling Shareholders may lose some or all of their investment.

OUR
EXISTING SHAREHOLDERS WILL EXPERIENCE DILUTION.

We
will need to raise additional funds
 and these funds may not be available on favorable terms
 or at all. Furthermore
 if we issue
equity or debt securities to raise additional funds
 our existing shareholders will experience dilution
 and the new equity or
debt securities may have rights
 preference
 and privileges senior to those of our existing shareholders. If we cannot raise funds
on acceptable terms
 we may not be able to develop or enhance our products
 execute our business plan
 take advantage of future
opportunities
 or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated consumer requirements.


    
    


There
is no assurance that we will be profitable
 and we may not be able to successfully develop
 manage or market our products and
services. We may not be able to attract or retain qualified executives and technological personnel and our products and services
may become obsolete. Government regulation may hinder our business. Additional dilution in outstanding stock ownership will be
incurred due to the issuance of more shares
 stock options
 or the exercise of stock options
 and other risks inherent in our
business.

Currently
there is a limited public market for our securities
 and there can be no assurances that any public market will ever develop and
even if developed
 it is likely to be subject to significant price fluctuations.

We
have a trading symbol for our common stock
 namely &rsquo;STKO&rsquo;. However
 our stock has been thinly traded
 if at all. Consequently
there can be no assurances as to whether:



    
    
any
    market for our shares will develop;

    
    
    

    
    
the
    prices at which our common stock will trade; or

    
    
    

    
    
the
    extent to which investor interest in us will lead to the development of an active
 liquid trading market. Active trading markets
    generally result in lower price volatility and more efficient execution of buy and sell orders for investors.


Until
our common stock is fully distributed and an orderly market develops in our common stock
 if ever
 the price at which it trades
is likely to fluctuate significantly. Prices for our common stock will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced
by many factors
 including the depth and liquidity of the market for shares of our common stock
 developments affecting our business
including the impact of the factors referred to elsewhere in these risk factors
 investor perception of our Company and general
economic and market conditions. No assurances can be given that an orderly or liquid market will ever develop for the shares of
our common stock.

We
are subject to the penny stock rules which will make our securities more difficult to sell.

We
are subject to the SEC&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules because our securities sell below $5.00 per share. The penny stock
rules require broker-dealers to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC which provides information
about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer
with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson
 and monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. In addition
 the bid and
offer quotations
 and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing
prior to completing the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer&rsquo;s confirmation.

Furthermore
the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction
 the broker dealer must make a special written determination that the
penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written agreement to the transaction.
The penny stock rules are burdensome and may reduce purchases of any offerings and reduce the trading activity for our securities.
As long as our securities are subject to the penny stock rules
 the holders of such securities will find it more difficult to
sell their securities.

We
are not likely to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future.

We
currently intend to retain any future earnings for use in the operation and expansion of our business. Accordingly
 we do not
expect to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future
 but will review this policy as circumstances dictate.


    
    


SHARES
ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE BY OUR CURRENT STOCKHOLDERS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR STOCK PRICE.

The
sale of a significant number of shares of common stock at any particular time could be difficult to achieve at the market prices
prevailing immediately before such shares are offered. In addition
 sales of substantial amounts of common stock
 including shares
issued upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants
 under Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 144 or otherwise could
adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital at that time through
the sale of our securities.

NEED
FOR ANY GOVERNMENTAL APPROVAL OF PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS.

Companies
have been the target of class action lawsuits and other proceedings alleging
 among other things
 violations of federal and state
workplace and employment laws. Proceedings of this nature
 if successful
 could result in our payment of substantial damages.

Our
results of operations may be adversely affected by legal or governmental proceedings brought by or on behalf of employees or consumers.
In recent years
 a number of companies
 including juice companies
 have been subject to lawsuits
 including class action lawsuits
alleging violations of federal and state law. A number of these lawsuits have resulted in the payment of substantial awards by
the defendants. Although we are not currently a party to any material class action lawsuits
 we could incur substantial damages
and expenses resulting from lawsuits
 which would increase the cost of operating the business and decrease the cash available
for other uses.

GOVERNMENT
AND INDUSTRY REGULATION.

We
are subject to various federal
 state and local regulations. Our products are subject to state and local regulation by health
sanitation
 food and workplace safety and other agencies. We may experience material difficulties or failures in obtaining the
necessary licenses or approvals for new products which could delay planned execution of our business plan. We are subject to the
U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to individuals with disabilities
in the context of employment
 public accommodations and other areas. We may in the future have to modify office and warehouse
space
 for example by adding access ramps or redesigning certain architectural fixtures
 to provide service to or make reasonable
accommodations for disabled persons. The expenses associated with these modifications could be material. Our operations are also
subject to the U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act
 which governs such matters as minimum wages
 overtime and other working conditions
along with the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act
 family leave mandates and a variety of similar laws enacted by the states
that govern these and other employment law matters. In addition
 federal proposals to introduce a system of mandated health insurance
and flexible work time and other similar initiatives could
 if implemented
 adversely affect our operations. In recent years
there has been an increased legislative
 regulatory and consumer focus on nutrition and advertising practices in the food industry.
As a result
 we may in the future become subject to initiatives in the area of nutrition disclosure or advertising
 such as requirements
to provide information about the nutritional content of our products
 which could increase our expenses.

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

Not
applicable

Item
2. Properties

On
September 29
 2010
 the Company signed a lease for office space in Jacksonville
 Florida. The lease commenced on November 1
 2010
and is for a term of three years and one month. The monthly rent is $1
073.33 with annual increases. The lease required a security
deposit of $1
700.



    

    31
 2012

    31
 2011

    
1
192
1
192

    
    
    

    
1
841
1
841

    
(1
013
    


 net
    
1
311



    
    


Item
3. Legal Proceedings

We
are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. There is no action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or investigation before or by any court
 public board
government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company
or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our common stock
 any of our subsidiaries or of our Company&rsquo;s
or our Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries&rsquo; officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could
have a material adverse effect.

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.

Not
applicable.

PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

(a)
Market Information
Our
common stock was initially quoted on OTCBB under the symbol STKO. The following table sets forth for the indicated periods the
high and low sales prices per share for our common stock on the OTCQB.




    Year 2012 Quarters Ended:
    
    


 2012
    
    


 2012
    
    


 2012
    
    


 2012
    
    

    
    
    


    Year 2011 Quarters Ended:
    
    


 2011
    
    


 2011
    
    


 2011
    
    


 2011
    
    


(b)
Holders 

As
of April 8
 2013
 of record of our common
stock
 and the closing price of our common stock was $0.0002 per share as reported by OTCQB.

(c)
Dividends

Since
our inception
 we have not declared nor paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and we do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends in the foreseeable future. Our current policy is to retain any earnings in order to finance our operations. Our Board
of Directors will determine future declarations and payments of dividends
 if any
 in light of the then-current conditions it
deems relevant and in accordance with applicable corporate law.

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

As
of the date hereof
 we have not adopted an equity compensation plan and have not granted any stock options.

Item
6. Selected Financial Data

Not
applicable.


    
    


Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations

Forward-Looking
Statements 

We
make forward-looking statements in Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
and elsewhere in this report based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management and on information currently available to
us. Forward-looking statements include information about our possible or assumed future results of operations which follow under
the headings &ldquo;Business and Overview
&rdquo; &ldquo;Liquidity and Capital Resources
&rdquo; and other statements throughout
this report preceded by
 followed by or that include the words &ldquo;believes
&rdquo; &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo;
&ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;plans
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimates&rdquo; or similar expressions.

Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those
expressed in these forward-looking statements
 including the risks and uncertainties described below and other factors we describe
from time to time in our periodic filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;). We therefore
caution you not to rely unduly on any forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this report speak only as
of the date of this report
 and we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement
 whether as a result
of new information
 future developments or otherwise.

Plan
Of Operations

The
Company strives to become a leading supplier of natural and organic products by maintaining the highest standards for quality
consistency
 sustainability
 product assortments
 value-added support services and integrity in our business and personal relationships.
Through trust and our commitment to quality we will build a loyal consumer following throughout North America.

An
experienced core management team is in place and has reviewed
 studied and analyzed the natural and/or organic product market.
The Company plans to establish a procurement program and will work with outside professionals to build its business
 create brands
through eco-friendly packaging and distinctive labeling
 and develop key distribution relationships.

The
strategy is to have Anthus Life&rsquo;s brand name strongly associated on all their distributed products and to focus on finding
and developing the best USDA certified natural and/or organic food product options for North America. During 2013
 the Company
plans to continue to introduce additional USDA Certified Organic health product
 positively impacting sales going forward. Also
for 2013
 the Company&rsquo;s R&amp;D team will be diligently working to develop additional product line extensions to include
but not limited to energy drinks
 additional health food items
 snacks
 cookies
 as well as the potential integration of advanced
technologies such as nutraceuticals
 etc.

In
June 2009
 Anthus Life secured a contract manufacturer with the requisite governmental approval
 having completed the package
design and is distributing the initial product offering. During the first half of 2012
 the Company engaged efforts to entirely
redesign the packaging (wrapper and display boxes) of its Natural plus Energy product line. The Company is excited about the opportunity
to bring healthy
 great tasting
 and natural and/or organic food products at affordable prices to North American consumer market.

Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

This
Annual report on Form 10-K and other reports filed by Stakool
 Inc. (&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; or
the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) from time to time with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the &ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) contain
or may contain forward-looking statements (collectively the &ldquo;Filings&rdquo;) and information that are based upon beliefs
of
 and information currently available to
 the Company&rsquo;s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Company&rsquo;s
management. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which are only predictions
and speak only as of the date hereof. When used in the Filings
 the words &ldquo;anticipate&rdquo;
 &ldquo;believe&rdquo;
 &ldquo;estimate&rdquo;
&ldquo;expect&rdquo;
 &ldquo;future&rdquo;
 &ldquo;intend&rdquo;
 &ldquo;plan&rdquo;
 or the negative of these terms and similar
expressions as they relate to the Company or the Company&rsquo;s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements
reflect the current view of the Company with respect to future events and are subject to risks
 uncertainties
 assumptions
 and
other factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize
 or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect
actual results may differ significantly from those anticipated
 believed
 estimated
 expected
 intended
 or planned.


    
    


Although
the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable
 the Company cannot guarantee
future results
 levels of activity
 performance
 or achievements. Except as required by applicable law
 including the securities
laws of the United States
 the Company does not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements to conform these statements
to actual results.

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).
These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates
 judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates
 judgments
and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates
 judgments
and assumptions are made. These estimates
 judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented.
Our financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results.
In many cases
 the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management&rsquo;s
judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management&rsquo;s judgment in selecting any available alternative
would not produce a materially different result. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements
and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.

Results
of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011



Total
Revenue.
 2012 and 2011 were $17
435 and $16
710
 respectively. Total revenues
were the result of our product sales. Total cost of goods sold was $36
491 and $24
120 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and
2011
 respectively. Gross Loss was $19
056 and $7
410 for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.



Operating
expenses: 
 2012 and 2011 were $3
934
440 and $1
310
231. Operating
expenses consisted of professional fees of $454
201
 stock-based compensation for common and preferred stock of $3
062
015
 rent
of $16
445 and selling
 general and administrative expenses of $401
779. The changes in operating expenses were primarily the
results of stock-based compensation and consulting fees.

Other
 Other income (expenses) for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
were $1
431
487 and $7
100
 respectively. Other income (expenses) consisted of forgiveness of debt of $3
750
 interest expense
of $8
344
 amortization of debt discount of $30
013
 loss on debt settlement of $320
688
 loss on note settlement of $106
242
loss on stock issuance of $262
500 and loyalty expense of $707
450. The change in other income (expense) was primarily due to
stock issued for less than market value
 loss due to the settlement of debt and preferred stock issued to investors as a loyalty
gift.

Liquidity
&amp; Capital Resources

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern which contemplates
among other things
 the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.

The
Company sustained a loss of $5
384
983 for the year ended December 31
 2012 and $1
324
741 for the year ended December 31
 2011.
Because of the absence of positive cash flows from operations
 the Company requires additional funding for continuing the development
and marketing of products. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.
The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


    
    


We
are presently unable to meet our obligations as they come due. At December 31
 2012 we had minimal assets and a working capital
deficit of $664
983. Our working capital deficit is due to the results of operations.

Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was ($179
022) and ($291
064)
 respectively. Net
cash used in operating activities includes our net loss
 accounts payable
 depreciation
 prepaid expenses
 accrued interest
 inventories
and stock-based compensation.

Net
cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $-0- and $34
493
 respectively. Net cash
provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31
 2011 included the purchase of property and equipment and the
repayment to us of a note receivable.

Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 was $163
800 and $184
700
 respectively. Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31
 2012 includes the proceeds from stock sales of $13
000 and
the issuance of convertible notes payable of $150
800.

We
anticipate that our future liquidity requirements will arise from the need to fund our growth from operations
 pay current obligations
and future capital expenditures. The primary sources of funding for such requirements are expected to be cash generated from operations
and raising additional funds from the private sources and/or debt financing. However
 we can provide no assurances that we will
be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations and/or obtain additional financing on terms satisfactory to us
 if at
all
 to remain a going concern. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash
flow to meet our obligations on a timely basis and ultimately to attain profitability. In addition
 our Plan of Operation for
the next twelve months is to raise capital to continue to expand our operations. We are presently engaged in capital raising activities
through one or more private offering of our company&rsquo;s securities. See &ldquo;Note 8&ndash; Going Concern&rdquo; in our financial
statements for additional information as to the possibility that we may not be able to continue as a &ldquo;going concern.&rdquo;

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to investors.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We
do not hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in any hedging activities.


    
    


Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

The
financial statements and supplementary data required by this item are set forth at the end of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
beginning on page F-1.

STAKOOL
INC.
TABLE
OF CONTENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2012



    
    
    

    
    
    

Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Statement of Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit) as of December 31
 2012
    
    

    
    
    

Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
    
    

    
    
    

Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements
    
F-6
    &ndash; F-13



    
    


Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC CPAs and Business Advisors




 Suite 2175

 MI 48025-4586


REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Inc.

 Georgia


balance sheets of Stakool
 Inc.
 as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&rsquo;
equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audits.


the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform
the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company
has determined that it is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. Our audits included consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures
that are appropriate in the circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion. An audit includes examining on a test basis
evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Stakool
 Inc.
 as of December
31
 2012 and 2011 and the results of its operations and cash flows for the years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America.


have been prepared assuming that the Stakool
 Inc. will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 8 to the financial statements
the Company has negative working capital
 has received limited revenue from sales of products or services
 and has incurred losses
from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s
plans with regard to these matters are described in Note 8. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.



/s/
    Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC
    



    



    



    



    
    


STAKOOL
INC.
CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS



    
December
    31
 2012
December
    31
 2011

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
15
560

Accounts
    receivable
    
3
211

Prepaid
    expenses
    
334
263

    
    
21
925

Total
    current assets
    
374
959

    
    
    

Property and
    equipment
 net
    
1
311

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
700
1
700

Total
    assets
2
866
377
970

    
    
    

Liabilities
    and Stockholders&rsquo; Equity (Deficit)
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

Accounts
    payable
259
395
14
710

Due
    for acquisition
    
220
000

Customer
    deposit
    
    

Stock
    payable
295
318
    

Notes
    payable
    
35
000

Loan
    payable
6
000
6
000

Convertible
    notes payable
 net of debt discount
102
013
10
000

Accrued
    interest
2
451
10
299

Total
    current liabilities
665
321
296
009

Total
    liabilities
665
321
296
009

    
    
    

Stockholders&rsquo;
    equity (deficit)
    
    

Common
    stock
 4
000
000
000 shares authorized
 3
375
231
494
 par value $0.00001 and 43
311
767
 par value $0.001 shares issued and
    outstanding as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
33
008
43
312

Preferred
    stock A
 100
000
000 shares authorized
 0
 par value $0.00001 and 10
000
000
par value $0.001 shares issued and outstanding
    as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively
    
10
000

Preferred
    stock B
 10 shares authorized
 $0.00001 par value
 1 and 0 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
    respectively
    
    

Preferred
    stock C
 30
000
000 shares authorized
 $0.00001 par value
 341
180 and 0 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
    2012 and 2011
 respectively
    
    

Additional
    paid-in capital
6
296
248
1
556
450

Treasury
    stock
    
56
638

Deferred
    compensation
(22
500
    

Accumulated
    deficit
(6
969
422
(1
584
439

Total
    stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
(662
455
81
961

Total
    liabilities and stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
2
866
377
970


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


STAKOOL
INC.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS



    
    
    

    
December
    31
 2012
December
    31
 2011

    
    
    

    
17
435
16
710

    
36
491
24
120

Gross
    loss
(19
056
(7
410

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
454
201
160
952

    
3
062
015
1
013
937

    
16
445
16
475

Selling
    general &amp; administrative
401
779
118
867

    
3
934
440
1
310
231

Loss
    from operations
(3
953
496
(1
317
641

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
750
    

    
(8
344
(7
100

Amortization of debt
    discount
(30
013
    

    
(320
688
    

    
(106
242
    

    
(262
500
    

Loyalty
    expense
(707
450
    

Total
    other income (expenses)
(1
431
487
(7
100

Loss before provision
    for income taxes
(5
384
983
(1
324
741

Provision for income
    taxes
    
    

Net
    (loss)
(5
384
983
(1
324
741

    
    
    

Loss per common
    shares basic and diluted
    
    

    
    
    

Basic and diluted
    weighted average number of common shares outstanding
864
334
607
17
172
526


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


STAKOOL
INC. 
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY (DEFICIT)



    
Common
    Stock
Preferred
    Stock A
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
Par
    Value
    
Par
    Value
    
Par
    Value
    
Par
    Value
paid-in
    Capital
Treasury
    Stock
Deferred
    Compensation
Accumulated
    Deficit
Stockholders&rsquo;
    Equity

Balance at January
    1
 2011
3
784
500
3
785
    
    
    
    
    
    
368
815
    
    
(259
698
112
902

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Shares issued for cash at $0.10
    per share
3
290
000
3
289
    
    
    
    
    
    
325
711
    
    
    
329
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Equity issuance
    cost
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(30
200
    
    
    
(30
200

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Effects of
    reverse merge
79
425
737
79
426
10
000
000
10
000
    
    
    
    
(439
426
    
    
    
(350
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock returned
    to treasury
(56
638
470
(56
638
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
56
638
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock issued
    for services
4
450
000
4
450
    
    
    
    
    
    
440
550
    
    
    
445
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock issued
    for services to a related party
9
000
000
9
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
891
000
    
    
    
900
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
324
741
(1
324
741

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance at December 31
 2011
43
311
767
43
312
10
000
000
10
000
    
    
    
    
1
556
450
56
638
    
(1
584
439
81
961

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock
    issued for services
1
650
000
1
650
    
    
    
    
    
    
106
650
    
    
    
108
300

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock
    issued for services
2
650
000
2
650
    
    
    
    
    
    
47
965
    
    
    
50
615

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
950
000
1
950
    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
950
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock issued
    for debt conversion
17
422
000
17
422
    
    
    
    
    
    
29
688
    
    
    
47
110

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock issued
    for note payable sweetener
100
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
900
    
    
    
2
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Cancellation
    of previously issued stock
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
35
879
(35
879
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock issued
    against stock payable
9
715
000
9
715
    
    
    
    
    
    
34
003
    
    
    
43
718

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Adjustment for new par value
    of $0.00001
    
(76
775
    
(9
900
    
    
    
    
107
226
(20
551
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock
    issued for services
2
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
580
    
    
    
5
600

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred C
    stock issued for services
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
000
    
45
000
    
(22
500
    
22
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock
    issued to director for control
2
000
000
000
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
580
000
    
    
    
2
600
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred C
    stock issued for services
    
    
    
    
    
    
35
000
    
87
500
    
    
    
87
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred C
    stock issued for cash at $2.50 per share
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
200
    
13
000
    
    
    
13
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred B
    Stock issued to an officer and director for control
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock issued
    for debt conversion
393
932
727
3
939
    
    
    
    
    
    
42
393
    
    
    
46
332

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common stock
    issued for services
375
000
000
3
750
    
    
    
    
    
    
446
250
    
    
    
450
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
1
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Stock issued
    against stock payable
526
000
000
5
260
    
    
    
    
    
    
46
640
    
    
    
51
900

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Loss on issuance
    of stock against stock payable
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
262
500
    
    
    
262
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Loss on stock
    issued for convertible note
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
106
242
    
    
    
106
242

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Retired Preferred
    Series A stock
    
    
(10
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Intrinsic value
    of beneficial conversion feature of convertible note
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
35
800
    
    
    
35
800

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred C
    stock issued to prior stockholders as a loyalty gift
    
    
    
    
    
    
282
980
    
707
447
    
    
    
707
450

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Net
    loss for the year ended December 31
 2012
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(5
384
983
(5
384
983

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance at December 31
    2012
3
375
231
494
33
008
    
    
    
    
341
180
    
6
296
248
    
(22
500
(6
969
422
(662
455


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


STAKOOL
INC.
CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS



    
Year
    ended
Year
    ended

    
December
    31
 2012
December
    31
 2011

Cash flows
    from operating activities:
    
    

Net
    loss for the year
(5
384
983
(1
324
741

Adjustments
    to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities
    
    

    
(3
750
    

Depreciation
    expense
    
    

Amortization
    of debt discount
30
013
    

Issuance
    of Preferred C stock for loyalty
707
450
    

Issuance
    of Common and Preferred C stock for services
3
062
015
1
013
937

Loss
    on stock issuance
262
500
    

Loss
    on debt settlement
320
688
    

Loss
    on note conversion
106
242
    

Change
    in assets and liabilities:
    
    

Accounts
    and other receivables
3
211
(3
211

Prepaid
    expense
334
263
2
766

    
21
925
2
781

Accounts
    payable
309
601
9
846

Customer
    deposits
    
    

Stock
    payable
47
831
    

Accrued
    interest
3
345
7
100

Net
    cash used in operating activities
(179
022
(291
064

    
    
    

Cash
    flows from investing activities:
    
    

Purchase
    of property and equipment
    
    

Payments
    received on note receivable &ndash; related party
    
35
000

Net
    cash provided by investing activities
    
34
493

    
    
    

Cash flows
    from financing activities:
    
    

Proceeds
    from loans payable
    
6
000

Proceeds
    from convertible notes payable
150
800
10
000

Payments
    made on due to director loan
    
    

Payments
    on due for acquisition
    
(130
000

Equity
    issuance cost
    
(30
200

Proceeds
    from sale of Common stock
    
329
000

Proceeds
    from sale of Preferred C stock
13
000
    

Net
    cash provided by financing activities
163
800
184
700

    
    
    

Decrease
    in cash and cash equivalents
(15
222
(71
871

Cash
    and cash equivalent
 beginning of period
15
560
87
431

Cash
    and cash equivalents
 end of period
    
15
560

    
    
    

Supplemental
    cash flow information:
    
    

Cash
    paid for Income taxes
    
    

Cash
    paid for Interest
    
    

Supplemental
    non-cash investing and financing activities:
    
    

Issuance
    of stock payable for debt settlement
284
917
    

Stock
    issued against stock payable
37
430
    

Stock
    issued for accrued interest
11
193
    

Stock
    issued to settle note payable
31
250
    

Stock
    issued against convertible debt
53
000
    

Initial
    valuation of debt discount
35
800
    

Note
    payable recorded in connection with acquisition
    
350
000

Issuance
    of stock for deferred compensation
22
500
    

Prepaid
    expense recorded from stock issued for services
    
331
063


The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements.


    
    


STAKOOL
INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2012

NOTE
1 &ndash; NATURE OF BUSINESS



Stakool
Inc. f/k/a Mod Hospitality
) was incorporated in the State of
Delaware in 1993. In 1997
On
July 22
 2011
 Stakool entered into an agreement of Purchase and Sale with Anthus Life Corp. (&ldquo;Anthus&rdquo;) where Anthus
acquired 74
834
313 of the issued and outstanding shares of Stakool. Anthus operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of Stakool.

Anthus
Life Corp. was incorporated in Nevada on June 4
 2009. Anthus is a developer and manufacturer of natural and organic food products
packaged for consumer consumption. The company has one product line in the natural food category currently
 and will deploy several
additional product lines fostering rapid growth in retail accounts
 consumer exposure and revenue.

The
company is headquartered in Jacksonville
 FL.

NOTE
2 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

ACCOUNTING
BASIS

The
Company uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;GAAP
accounting&rdquo;). The Company has adopted a December 31 fiscal year end.

PRINCIPLES
OF CONSOLIDATION

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Stakool
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Anthus
Life Corp. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated upon
consolidation.

CASH
AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

Stakool
considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. At December 31
 2012 and
2011
 the Company had $338 and $15
560 of cash
 respectively.

CASH
FLOWS REPORTING

The
Company follows ASC 230
 Statement of Cash Flows
 for cash flows reporting
 classifies cash receipts and payments according to
whether they stem from operating
 investing
 or financing activities and provides definitions of each category
 and uses the indirect
or reconciliation method (&ldquo;Indirect method&rdquo;) as defined by ASC 230
 Statement of Cash Flows
 to report net cash flow
from operating activities by adjusting net income to reconcile it to net cash flow from operating activities by removing the effects
of (a) all deferrals of past operating cash receipts and payments and all accruals of expected future operating cash receipts
and payments and (b) all items that are included in net income that do not affect operating cash receipts and payments. The Company
reports the reporting currency equivalent of foreign currency cash flows
 using the current exchange rate at the time of the cash
flows and the effect of exchange rate changes on cash held in foreign currencies is reported as a separate item in the reconciliation
of beginning and ending balances of cash and cash equivalents and separately provides information about investing and financing
activities not resulting in cash receipts or payments in the period.

FAIR
VALUE OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The
Company&rsquo;s financial instruments are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates
that approximate prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these financial statements.

USE
OF ESTIMATES

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date the financial statements and the reported amount of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results
could differ from those estimates.


    
    


STAKOOL
INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2012

NOTE
2 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

FAIR
VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The
Company&rsquo;s balance sheet includes certain financial instruments. The carrying amounts of current assets and current liabilities
approximate their fair value because of the relatively short period of time between the origination of these instruments and their
expected realization.

ASC
820
 
 defines fair value as the exchange price that would be received for an asset
or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an
orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a fair value hierarchy that
distinguishes between (1) market participant assumptions developed based on market data obtained from independent sources (observable
inputs) and (2) an entity&rsquo;s own assumptions about market participant assumptions developed based on the best information
available in the circumstances (unobservable inputs). The fair value hierarchy consists of three broad levels
 which gives the
highest priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority
to unobservable inputs (Level 3). The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:



    
    
Level
    1 - Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical
 unrestricted assets
    or liabilities

    
    
Level
    2 - Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability
 either directly
    or indirectly
 including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or
    similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active; inputs other than quoted prices that are observable for the
    asset or liability (e.g.
 interest rates); and inputs that are derived principally from or corroborated by observable market
    data by correlation or other means.

    
    
Level
    3 - Inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable.


Fair
value estimates discussed herein are based upon certain market assumptions and pertinent information available to management as
of December 31
 2012. The respective carrying value of certain on-balance-sheet financial instruments approximated their fair
values due to the short-term nature of these instruments.

DEFERRED
INCOME TAXES AND VALUATION ALLOWANCE

The
Company accounts for income taxes under FASB ASC 740 &ldquo;Income Taxes.&rdquo; Under the asset and liability method of FASB
ASC 740
 deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between
the financial statements carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets
and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary
differences are expected to be recovered or settled. Under FASB ASC 740
 the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of
a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period the enactment occurs. A valuation allowance is provided for certain
deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize tax assets through future operations.



Inventories
consist of natural and organic food products
 wrappers and boxes
 and are stated at the lower of cost or market. Cost is determined
on the average cost method. Inventories are reviewed and reconciled quarterly. As of December 31
 2012
 all inventories were written
off due to spoilage.

ACCOUNTS
RECEIVABLE

The
Company&rsquo;s receivables consist of billings to customers for products invoiced and shipped. The Company charges off receivables
if they determine that the amount is no longer collectible. The allowance for bad debts is determined based on management&rsquo;s
estimate of uncollectible receivables. The allowance for doubtful accounts on receivables was $0 as of December 31
 2012. Bad
debt expense related to customer receivables for the year ended December 31
 2012 was $462.

PROPERTY
AND EQUIPMENT

The
capital assets are being depreciated over their estimated useful lives
 three to seven years using the straight-line method of
depreciation for book purposes.


    
    


STAKOOL
INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2012

NOTE
2 &ndash; SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

NET
INCOME (LOSS) PER COMMON SHARE

Net
income (loss) per share is calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &ldquo;Earnings Per Share.&rdquo; The weighted-average
number of common shares outstanding during each period is used to compute basic earning or loss per share. Diluted earnings or
loss per share is computed using the weighted average number of shares and diluted potential common shares outstanding. Dilutive
potential common shares are additional common shares assumed to be exercised.

Basic
net income (loss) per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
2012 and 2011. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 the Company had no dilutive potential common shares.

REVENUE
RECOGNITION

The
Company derives revenue from the sale of its products. The Company follows paragraph 605-10-S99-1 of the FASB Accounting Standards
Codification for revenue recognition. The Company recognizes revenue when it is realized or realizable and earned. The Company
considers revenue realized or realizable and earned when all of the following criteria are met: (i) persuasive evidence of an
arrangement exists
 (ii) the product has been shipped or the services have been rendered to the customer
 (iii) the sales price
is fixed or determinable
 and (iv) collectability is reasonably assured.

SHARE-BASED
EXPENSE

ASC
718
 
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment
transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to issue
shares
 options
 and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights. Share-based
payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the financial statements
based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide services
in exchange for the award
 known as the requisite service period (usually the vesting period).

The
Company accounts for stock-based compensation issued to non-employees and consultants in accordance with the provisions of ASC
505-50
 Measurement of share-based payment transactions with non-employees
is based on the fair value of whichever is more reliably measurable: (a) the goods or services received; or (b) the equity instruments
issued. The fair value of the share-based payment transaction is determined at the earlier of performance commitment date or performance
completion date.

Share-based
expense for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 totaled $3
062
015 and $1
013
937
 respectively.

RECENT
ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS

Except
for rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered
standards
(&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP
literature recognized by the FASB and applicable to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases
and believes any effect will not have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s present or future financial statements.

NOTE
3 &ndash; PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

Property
and equipment is recorded at cost. The Company depreciates the equipment using the straight-line method over the useful lives
of the equipment. The useful lives are estimated to be between 3 and 7 years. Depreciation expense was $483 and $458 for the years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively. Property and equipment consisted of the following at December 31
 2012 and December
31
 2011:



    
    
    

    
1
192
1
192

    
    
    

    
(1
013
    


 net
    
1
311



    
    


STAKOOL
INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2012

NOTE
4 &ndash; DUE FOR ACQUISITION

On
July 22
 2011
 Stakool entered into an agreement of Purchase and Sale with Anthus where Anthus acquired all the shares of Stakool.

The
Company recorded a liability in association with the agreement of purchase and sale in the amount of $350
000. The terms of the
agreement required a $100


000 of the remaining $250
000 during the year ended December 31
 2011. The payment terms were amended
to require monthly payments between $15
000 and $30
000 from February 2012 through October 2012. As part of the amended terms
an additional $5
000 was added to the balance as interest. The balance for the amount due for acquisition was $220

31



The entire balance was settled in 2012. See Note 5.

NOTE
5 &ndash; STOCK PAYABLE

On
April 26
 2012
 The Company entered into an agreement with Ironridge Global to settle $284
917.22 in accounts payable (which includes
the balance of the Note Payable for the acquisition of Stakool by Anthus Life Corp.
 outstanding legal fees
 filing fees
 packaging
costs and certain manufacturing costs)
 in exchange for unregistered shares of common stock. Pursuant to an order approving stipulation
for settlement of claims between Ironridge and the Company
 Ironridge is entitled to receive 1 million common shares plus that
number of shares with an aggregate value equal to $332
748
 divided by 70% of the following: the volume weighted average price
of the issuer&rsquo;s common stock over that number of consecutive trading days following the date of receipt required for the
aggregate trading volume to exceed $1.75 million
 not to exceed the arithmetic average of the individual daily volume weighted
average prices of any five trading days during such period.

Ironridge
is prohibited from receiving any shares of common stock that would cause it to be deemed to beneficially own more than 9.99% of
the Company&rsquo;s total outstanding shares at any one time. Ironridge received an initial issuance of 9
715
000 shares
 and
may be required to return or be entitled to receive shares
 based on the calculation summarized in the prior paragraph. For purposes
of calculating the percent of class
 the initial issuance to Ironridge was based upon a total of 87
549
167 shares of common stock
outstanding immediately prior to the issuance of shares to Ironridge
 such that 9
715
000 shares issued would represent approximately
9.99% of the outstanding common stock after such issuance. Ironridge received an additional 526
000
000 shares during the year
ended December 31
 2012 and the remaining balance of the stock payable was $295
318 as of December 31
 2012.

In
connection with the transaction
 Ironridge agreed not to hold any short position in the issuer&rsquo;s common stock
 and not to
engage in or affect
 directly or indirectly
 any short sale until at least 180 days after the end of the calculation period.

NOTE
6 &ndash; NOTES AND CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE

The
Company issued a promissory note for $35
000 during the period ended December 31
 2009. The note bears 6% interest
 is unsecured
and due on demand. Interest expense was $2
100 and $2
100 for the years ended December 31
 2011 and 2010
 respectively. Total
accrued interest on this loan was $5
299 as of December 31
 2011. The note and all accrued interest were converted to shares of
common stock during the first quarter of 2012.

The
Company issued two notes payable in the amount of $5
000 each in February 2011. The notes are unsecured
 non-interest bearing
and due on demand. The notes can be converted to common stock at the note holders&rsquo; discretion at $0.001 per share. The notes
totaled $10
000 as of December 31
 2011. The notes were converted in full to 10
000
000 shares of common stock during the first
quarter of 2012.


 2012
 a portion of a
note payable and related accrued interest were assigned to an unrelated party. The entire principal and accrued interest amount
of $33
333 were converted to shares of common stock per the terms of the amended convertible note payable. A loss on the conversion
of the note to stock of $106
242 was recorded in other expenses.

The
 borrowed $6
000 in December 2011. The loan is unsecured
non-interest bearing and due on demand. The balance of this loan was $6

31

 respectively.


    
    


STAKOOL
INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2012

NOTE
6 &ndash; NOTES AND CONVERTIBLE NOTES PAYABLE (CONTINUED)

Convertible
notes payable consist of the following at December 31
 2012 and 2011:



    
    
    

On
    March 1
 2012
 the Company executed a note payable for proceeds of $35
800. The note bears 0% interest
 is unsecured and due
    on demand.
22
800
    

    
    
    

On October
    5
 2012
 the Company executed a convertible promissory note for proceeds of $32
500. The note bears 8% interest and is secured
    by common stock of the Company. The loan matures on July 10
 2013. Any principal balance remaining after the due date is subject
    to an increased interest rate of 22% APR. The principal and interest can be convertible into shares of the Company&rsquo;s
    common stock at a 45% discount to the market price.
32
500
    

    
    
    

On August
    15
 2012
 the Company executed a convertible promissory note to Asher Enterprises
 Inc. for proceeds of $32
500. The note
    bears a 8% interest and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures on May 17
 2013. Any principal balance
    remaining after the due date is subject to a increased interest rate of 22% APR. The principal and interest can be convertible
    into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock at a 45% discount to the market price.
32
500
    

    
    
    

On January
    16
 2012
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note to a shareholder for proceeds of $50
000. The note bears 10% interest
    and is secured by common stock of the Company. The loan matures on January 16
 2013. Beginning 30 days before the maturity
    date of January 16
 2013
 the note and any accrued interest is convertible into shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
    at $0.05 per share. Additionally
 the Company issued 100
000 shares of common stock in connection with the note. The value
    of the shares of common stock will be recorded as additional interest amortized over the life of the loan. On October 4
 2012
    $30
000 of principal and $3
333 of accrued interest were assigned to an unrelated party.
20
000
    

    
    
    

Debt
    Discount
(5
787
    

Total
    notes payable
102
013
    

Less
    current maturities
102
013
    


NOTE
7 &ndash; RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

During
the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company issued 2
000
000
000 shares of common stock and 1 share of convertible preferred
B stock to an officer and director that has been classified as stock based compensation during the year ended December 31
 2012.
The Company also recorded consulting expense paid to this director of $50
000 and $65
600 for consulting services during the years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.

During
the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company issued 35
000 shares of convertible preferred C stock for services rendered to related
parties.


    
    


STAKOOL
INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2012

NOTE
8 &ndash; STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; EQUITY (DEFICIT)

The
Company filed an amendment to its Articles of Incorporation with the state of Nevada on July 23
 2012 to change the designation
of its capital and preferred stock
 as follows. The authorized common stock of the Company consist of 4
000
000
000 shares with
a par value $0.00001. The Company also has 100
000
000 shares of par value $0.00001 Preferred A stock authorized
 10 shares of
par value $0.00001 Preferred B stock authorized
 and 30
000
000 par value $0.00001 par value Preferred C stock authorized. The
Company adjusted the par value and additional paid in capital accounts on its balance sheet at September 30
 2012 for common and
Preferred A stocks.

During
the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company issued 1
950
000 shares of restricted common stock to initial private placement
investors in Anthus Life per terms of their subscription agreements.

During
the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company issued 3
650
000 shares of common stock and 9
000 shares of Convertible Preferred
C stock to consultants for services. The Company also issued 9
000 shares of Convertible Preferred C stock to a consultant for
deferred services.

During
the year ended December 31
 2012
 he Company issued 2
650
000 shares of common stock to the former management per the acquisition
agreement.

During
the year ended December 31
 2012 the Company issued 2
000
000
000 shares of common stock
 35
000 shares of Convertible Preferred
C stock and 1 share of Convertible Preferred B stock to related parties that has been classified as stock based compensation during
the year ended December 31
 2012.

On
January 10
 2012
 the Company retired 35
878
570 shares of common stock held in treasury at December 31
 2011.

During
the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company converted five convertible notes payable from non-related parties along with the
accrued interest for a total of $93
443 into 411
354
727 shares of its common stock. The Company also issued 100
000 shares of
common stock for $2
000 to a non-related party.

During
the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company issued 5
200 shares of preferred C stock for $13
000 in cash.

On
April 26
 2012
 the Company entered into an agreement with Ironridge Global to settle $284
917 in accounts payable (which includes
the balance of the Note Payable for the acquisition of Stakool by Anthus Life Corp.
 outstanding legal fees
 filing fees
 packaging
costs and certain manufacturing costs)
 in exchange for unregistered shares of common stock. Ironridge received an initial issuance
of 9
715
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. During the year ended December 31
 2012 the Company issued an additional
526
000
000 shares of unrestricted common stock to Ironridge.

On
September 14
 2012
 the Company filed a Form S-8 with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Form S-8 registered 400
000
000
shares of its common stock in connection with the Company&rsquo;s 2012 Incentive Stock Plan.

During
the month of October 2012
 the Company issued 282
980 shares of the Company&rsquo;s Convertible Preferred C stock. The stock was
issued as an addendum to the subscription agreements associated with the open private placement investments made by various investors
between fiscal year 2009 and 2011.

On
October 5
 2012 the Company issued 375
000
000 shares of its common stock without restriction to various consultants for services.
The Company registered the common stock with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form S-8 on September 14
 2012.


During
the year ended December 31
 2012
 the Company issued 1
5000
000 shares of restricted common stock to initial private placement
investors in Anthus Life per terms of their subscription agreements.

During
the year ended December 31
 2012 the Company retired 10
000
000 shares of its Preferred A stock
 which accounted for all of the
issued and outstanding Preferred A Stock.


    
    


STAKOOL
INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2012

NOTE
9 &ndash; INCOME TAXES

As
of December 31
 2012
 the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of $6
969
423 that may be available to reduce future years&rsquo;
taxable income through 2032. Future tax benefits which may arise as a result of these losses have not been recognized in these
financial statements
 as their realization is determined not likely to occur and accordingly
 the Company has recorded a valuation
allowance for the deferred tax asset relating to these tax loss carry-forwards.

The
provision for Federal income tax consists of the following for the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
830
894
405
412

    
(1
830
894
(405
412

    
    
    


The
cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of 34% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as
of December 31
 2012 and 2011:



    
    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
369
603
538
709

    
(2
369
603
(538
709

    
    
    


NOTE
10 &ndash; GOING CONCERN 

The
Company&rsquo;s financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course
of business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating cost and allow
it to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company obtaining
adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital
 it
could be forced to cease operations.

In
order to continue as a going concern
 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&rsquo;s
plan to obtain such resources for the Company include
 obtaining capital from management and significant stockholders sufficient
to meet its minimal operating expenses. However
 management cannot provide any assurance that the Company will be successful in
accomplishing any of its plans.

There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds
 if available
will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. In addition
 profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues
received from business operations. However
 there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern.

NOTE
11 &ndash; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS



 2013 the Company issued 2
000
Preferred C Series shares in consideration for a $5
000 investment received from a third party.


 2013 and March 15
 2013
 the Company issued 155
698
106 and 70
000
000
shares of its common stock
 respectively
 without restriction
 for outsourced professional services.&nbsp; The Company registered
the common stock with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form S-8 on September 14
 2012
 with additional shares
 registered
under Form S-8 filed on January 23
 2013.

On
February 6
 2013
 the Company signed a convertible note with Asher Enterprises for $10
500 in proceeds. This note carries an annual
percentage rate of 8% with a maturity date of November 11
 2013.

On
February 8
 2013
 through majority vote of the Board of Directors
 the Board removed Elsa Desousa. The Board unanimously agreed
that the services of Ms. Desousa were no longer required. The removal of Ms. Desousa also canceled the 25
000 Preferred C Series
share that were initially issued to her on September 24
 2012.

On
February 8
 2013
 the Company terminated three consulting agreements with Richard Desousa
 Kenneth Radcliffe and Ana Pastorfide.
The services performed by these individuals did not satisfactorily benefit the Company&rsquo;s strategic direction
 and as a result
management deemed it no longer necessary to maintain these agreements.


 2013
 the Company delivered
three Senior Secured Convertible Promissory Notes
 in the respective principal amounts of $34
500
 $35
000 and $40
000
 for outsourced
professional services.&nbsp; All of such notes provide for interest at the rate of 12% per annum
 are payable on demand
 and provide
for conversion at the 5-day average closing bid price multiplied by 3.


    
    


STAKOOL
INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
DECEMBER
31
 2012

NOTE
11 &ndash; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS (CONTINUED)

On
February 8
 2013 the Company terminated a consulting agreement it had with 701877 Canada
 Inc. for lack of performance
 the consultant
was originally issued 10
000 Preferred C Series shares on August 20
 2012
 and these shares have been cancelled with this termination.

On
February 20
 2013
 the Company signed a convertible note with Asher Enterprises for $27
500 in proceeds. However
 as of the date
of this filing
 this note has not yet been funded. The terms
 once funded
 state that the note carries and annual percentage rate
of 8% with a maturity date of November 22
 2013.

On
February 21
 2013 and March 9
 2013
 Peter Hellwig returned 500
000
000 shares and 400
000
000 shares respectively of his 2 billion
restricted common shares to treasury.

On
March 9
 2013 the Company issued 300
000
000 shares of common its common stock to Ironridge Global in continued satisfaction of
the 3(a)(10) Order for Approval of Stipulation for Settlement of Claims entered into between the Company and Ironridge Global
on April 27
 2012.

On
March 14
 2013 Asher Enterprises exercised its conversion rights on its note dated August 15
 2012 converting $8
200 of the $32
500
principle balance into 136
666
666 shares at $0.00006
 leaving a remaining balance on the note of $24
300.

On
March 15
 2013
 the Board of Directors voted on the approval of a Change of Control in the management of the Company going forward.
As a result
 the
 then current
 Board of directors consisting of Peter Hellwig
 Christian Breda and Kenji Katayama resigned their
respective positions
 and approved the appointment of Joseph C. Canouse as the sole Director and President and CEO of Stakool
Inc. and all of it operations.

In
accordance with ASC 855-10

2012 to the date these consolidated financial statements were issued
 and has determined that it does not have any material subsequent
events to disclose in these consolidated financial statements.


    
    


Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants and Financial Disclosure

There
were no significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred subsequent to our evaluation of our
internal control over financial reporting for the period ended December 31
 2012 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures

(a)
EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Our
management
 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the
&ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;))
 in connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 as of December 31
 2012.

Based
on the review described above
 our Chief Executive Officer determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of the end of the period covered by this report.

(b)
MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Our
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting under the supervision
of the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Management
evaluated the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2012
 based on the framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO)
 and has concluded that such internal control over financial reporting were not effective.

An
evaluation was performed
 under the supervision of
 and with the participation of
 our management
 including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-(e) to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation
our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were not adequate and effective
 as of December 31
 2012
 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us
in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported
within the time periods specified in the Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated
to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure.

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors
and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives
of the system are met and cannot detect all deviations. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation
of control can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or deviations
 if any
 within the Company
have been detected.

This
report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this report.

Item
9B. Other Information

Not
applicable.


    
    


PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Information
Regarding the Officers and Directors of Stakool
 Inc.

Our
bylaws provide that our board of directors shall consist of at least one member and will be determined by resolution of our board
of directors. The number of members of our board of directors is currently one.

The
following table lists our directors and provides their respective ages and titles as of December 31
 2012.



    
    
    
    
    

Peter
    Hellwig(1)
    
    
    
Director
    President/CEO

Kenji
    Katayama(1)
    
    
    
    

Christian
    Breda(1)
    
    
    
    

Elsa
    Desousa (2)
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

Joseph
    C. Canouse(1)
    
    
    
Director
    President/CEO




    
    
Effective
    March 15
 2013
 Peter Hellwig
 Kenji Katayama
 and Christian Breda resigned as directors and from all officer positions then
    currently held; as of such date Joseph C. Canouse was appointed as Director
 President and Chief Executive Officer.

    
    
    

    
    
Effective
    February 8
 2013
 Elsa Desousa
 was removed from the Board of Directors.


Joseph
C. Canouse
 age 49
 Chief Executive Officer
 Director 
 age 49
 combines over twenty plus years of experience
in finance
 consulting and public company restructuring. Previously
 he had been involved in financing public and private companies
where his firms raised over one billion dollars
 primarily in the firm he founded in 1995
 J.P. Carey. From 2011 through present
Mr. Canouse has been the Chief Executive Officer for Quasar Aerospace Industries
 Inc.
 an aviation-related company. From 2011
to present he has held the same position for Expert Group
 Inc.
 a company that transitioned from financial services to becoming
involved in bottling natural spring water. He has an undergraduate degree from Stetson University where he graduated in 1986.

Family
Relationships

There
are no family relationships among our directors
 executive officers
 or persons nominated or chosen by the Company to become directors
or executive officers.

Committees
of the Board of Directors

The
Company does not currently have any committees.


    
    


Compliance
with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act

Section
16(a) of the Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who beneficially own 10% or more
of a class of securities registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act to file reports of beneficial ownership and changes in
beneficial ownership with the SEC. Directors
 executive officers and greater than 10% stockholders are required by the rules and
regulations of the SEC to furnish the Company with copies of all reports filed by them in compliance with Section 16(a).

Based
solely on our review of certain reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to Section 16(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the reports required to be filed with respect to transactions in our common stock during the
fiscal year ended December 31
 2012
 were timely
 except for Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2011
 which was filed on
April 24
 2012
 and Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31
 2012
 which was filed on May 29
 2012.

Code
of Ethics

We
have not yet adopted a code of ethics because we wanted to complete our constitution of the Board prior to adopting such code
of ethics to allow the entire Board to review and approve a code of ethics.

Legal
Proceedings

There
are no material proceedings to which any director or officer
 or any associate of any such director or officer
 is a party that
is adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries or has a material interest adverse to our Company or any of our subsidiaries.
No director or executive officer has been a director or executive officer of any business which has filed a bankruptcy petition
or had a bankruptcy petition filed against it during the past ten years. No director or executive officer has been convicted of
a criminal offense or is the subject of a pending criminal proceeding during the past ten years. No director or executive officer
has been the subject of any order
 judgment or decree of any court permanently or temporarily enjoining
 barring
 suspending or
otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business
 securities or banking activities during the past ten years. No director
or officer has been found by a court to have violated a federal or state securities or commodities law during the past ten years.



11. Executive Compensation.

The
following table sets forth compensation for each of the past three fiscal years with respect to each person who served as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company and each of the four most highly-compensated executive officers of the Company who earned a total
annual salary and bonuses that exceeded $100
000 in any of the two preceding fiscal years.




SUMMARY
    COMPENSATION TABLE

Name
    and 
    
    
    
Year
    
    
    
    
Salary
    
    
    
    
Bonus
    
    
    
    
Stock
    
    
    
    
    
Option
    
    
    
    
    
Non-Equity
    
    
    
    
    
Nonqualified
    Deferred Earnings Compensation 
    
    
    
All
    Other 
    
    
    
    
Total
    
    
    

Peter Hellwig

    
    
    
    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
600
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
650
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
65
600
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
65
600
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
Effective
    March 15
 2013
 Peter Hellwig resigned as President and Chief Executive Officer and Joseph C. Canouse was appointed President
    and Chief Executive Officer.



    
    


Compensation
of Directors

Any
Director who also becomes our employee will receive no extra compensation for their service on our Board of Directors. Directors
may be compensated for out-of-pocket expenses associated with attending Board of Directors&rsquo; meetings.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The
following table sets forth information concerning the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock with respect to stockholders
who were known by us to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of our common stock as of December 31
 2012
 and our officers and
directors
 individually and as a group. Unless otherwise indicated
 the beneficial owner has sole voting and investment power
with respect to such shares of common stock.

Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and generally
includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. In accordance with the SEC rules
 shares of our common stock which
may be acquired upon exercise of stock options or warrants which are currently exercisable or which become exercisable within
60 days of the date of the table are deemed beneficially owned by the optionees
 if applicable. Subject to community property
laws
 where applicable
 the persons or entities named below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of
our common stock indicated as beneficially owned by them.




    
    
    
Name
    of Beneficial Owner
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Common
    &nbsp;
    
Joseph C. Canouse
 Chief Executive Officer
    President
 and Director (1)
    
    
1
100
000
000
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
Effective
    March 15
 2013
 Peter Hellwig resigned as President
 Chief Executive Officer and Director and Joseph C. Canouse was appointed
    as President
 Chief Executive Officer and Director.&nbsp; In connection with such resignation and appointment
 Mr. Hellwig
    assigned 1
100
000
000 shares of common stock to Mr. Canouse.


Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence

Certain
consultants used by the Company may be paid in stock in lieu of cash
 or in combination of stock and cash. The following consultants
have been compensated with stock for services rendered: Sharon D. Mitchell (250
000 shares - legal services)
 Edward Avilies (700
000
shares &ndash; business and corporate development services)
 Shannon Miller Lifestyle (700
000 shares &ndash; advertising and
promotion)
 Ludlow Capital
 Inc. (investor/media relations &ndash; 2
000
000 shares)
 Brian Kistler (documentation support &ndash;
75
000
000 shares)
 Robin Hunt (documentation and financial reporting support &ndash; 75
000
000 shares)
 Ana Pastorfide (business
development support &ndash; 75
000
000 shares)
 Richard Desousa (business development - 75
000
000 shares)
 Kenneth Radcliffe
(business development &ndash; 75
000
000 shares)


    
    


We
did not utilize promoters with regard to raising money through our private placement memorandum. Each investor was contacted directly
by Peter Hellwig. Each investor was either a friend
 family or a close business associate of the aforementioned.

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The
following table presents the aggregate fees billed by for services provided during our 2011 and 2012 fiscal years.



    
    
    

Audit
    Fees
19
000
8
000

Audit
    Related Fees
    
    

Tax
    Fees
1
200
1
200

    
    
    

    
20
200
9
200


Audit
The fees identified under this caption were for professional services rendered by Silberstein Ungar
 PLLC for
fiscal years 2011 and 2012 in connection with the audit of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements
included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The amounts also include fees for services that are normally provided by the independent
public registered accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings and engagements for the years identified.

Audit-Related
The fees identified under this caption were for assurance and related services that were related to the performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and were not reported under the caption &ldquo;Audit Fees.&rdquo; Audit-related
fees consisted primarily of fees paid for Securities and Exchange Commission reporting matters and consents related to our uniform
franchise offering circulars.

Tax
Fees

Approval
Our audit committee approves in advance all services provided by our independent registered public accounting
firm. All engagements of our independent registered public accounting firm in fiscal years 2011and 2012 were pre-approved by Board
of Directors.


    
    


PART
IV

Item
15. Exhibits
 Financial Statements
 Schedules



    
    
Articles
    of Incorporation
 as amended
 incorporated by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Registration Statement on Form SB-2 filed with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 18
 2000.

    
    
    

    
    
Bylaws
    incorporated by reference to the Company&rsquo; Registration Statement on Form 10/A filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on December 17
 1998

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Designation
 incorporated by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    on August 31
 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Certificate
    of Correction
 incorporated by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    on August 31
 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Amendment
    to Amended Payment Schedule
 incorporated by reference to the Company&rsquo;s Form 8-K/A filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on May 15
 2012.

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a)
    or Rule 15d-14(a)) *

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Financial Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a)
    or Rule 15d-14(a))*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002*

    
    
    

    
    
Certification
    by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
    of 2002 *




    
    




Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
STAKOOL
    INC.

    
    
    

Date:
    April 16
 2013
    
/s/
    Joseph C. Canouse 

    
    
Joseph
    C. Canouse 

    
    
Chief
    Executive Officer 

    
    
(Principal
    Executive Officer) 

    
    
(Principal
    Financial Officer) 

    
    
(Principal
    Accounting Officer) 


Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Joseph C. Canouse
    
Chief
    Executive Officer
 Principal Executive
    
April
    16
 2013

Joseph
    C. Canouse
    
Officer
    Principal Financial Officer
 Principal
    
    

    
    
Accounting
    Officer
 Sole Director
    
    

    
    
    
    
    




    
    














     




CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER








 Joseph C. Canouse
 certify that:

I
have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Stakool
 Inc.;


on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;


on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented
in this report;


am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Designed
such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report&nbsp;based on
such evaluation; and

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and


have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the
registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the
equivalent functions):

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation

to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and

Any
fraud
 whether or not material
 that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



Date: April 16
 2013
    
/s/&nbsp;Joseph
    C. Canouse

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 Inc.



    
    













     




CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER








 Joseph C. Canouse
 certify that:


annual report on Form 10-K of Stakool
 Inc.;


on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report;


on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented
in this report;


am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the
registrant and have:


such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;


such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision


principles;


procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as
of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and




 or is reasonably likely to materially
affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

I
have disclosed

 to the registrant&rsquo;s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting
which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial
information; and


 whether or not material
 that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.



Date: April 16
 2013
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 Inc.



    
    













     




CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER






connection with the Annual Report of Stakool
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012
as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 I
 Joseph C. Canouse
 Principal Executive Officer
of the Company
 certify to the best of my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:


Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012
 fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
 as applicable
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934




the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31
 2012 fairly presents
 in all material respects





Date:&nbsp;April 16
 2013
    
/s/&nbsp;Joseph
    C. Canouse

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 Inc.



    
    














     




CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER






connection with the Annual Report of Stakool
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31
 2012
as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 I
 Joseph C. Canouse
 Principal Financial Officer
of the Company
 certify to the best of my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002
 that:


Such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31
 2012
 fully complies
with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d)
 as applicable
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934




the information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31
 2012 fairly presents
 in all material respects





Date: April 16
 2013
    
/s/
    Joseph C. Canouse

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    

 Inc.



    
    







