

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001721868-21-000244
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		40
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210421
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210421
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Rogue One
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001058330
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				880393257
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-24723
		FILM NUMBER:		21840432
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3416 SHADYBROOK DRIVE
		CITY:			MIDWEST CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		405 923 1254
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3416 SHADYBROOK DRIVE
		CITY:			MIDWEST CITY
		STATE:			OK
		ZIP:			73110
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FRESH PROMISE FOODS
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20131119
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STAKOOL
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091230
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mod Hospitality
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080926











U.S.
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON
D.C. 20549

FORM
10-K

(Mark
one)



    
ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO
    SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31
 2020

    
    

    
TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(D)
    OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the transition period from ________________ to________________________.


Commission
File Number&nbsp;

ROGUE
ONE
 INC.
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter)



    
    
    

(State
        or other jurisdiction of
Incorporation
        or organization)
    
(I.R.S. Employer
    Identification No.)


3416
Shadybrook Drive
Midwest
City
 Oklahoma 73110
(Address
of principal executive offices)

(405)
733-1567
(Issuer&rsquo;s
Telephone Number)

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:&nbsp;



Title
    of each class
Trading
    Symbol(s)
Name
    on each exchange on which registered

    
    
    


Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

Common
Stock
 par value $0.00001 per share
(Title
of class)

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes
&#9744; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &#9746;

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Securities Act.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes &#9744; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &#9746;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of
1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes &#9746; &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No &#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant
to Rule&nbsp;405 of Regulation&nbsp;S-T (&sect;&nbsp;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12&nbsp;months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp; &#9746; &nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;
&#9744;


    
    

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting
company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo;
&ldquo;smaller reporting company
&rdquo; and &ldquo;emerging growth company&rdquo; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.



Large accelerated filer&nbsp;
    &#9744;
    

Non-accelerated
    filer&nbsp; &#9746;
Smaller reporting
    company&nbsp; &#9746;

    
    


If
an emerging growth company
 indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&#9744;

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&#9744;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;No&nbsp;&#9746;

The aggregate
market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $1
426
228 as of June&nbsp;30
2020
 based upon the closing price on the OTC Markets
 Inc. reported for such date.


of common stock of the registrant was&nbsp;104
142
287 as of April 19
 2021.

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE



    
    



TABLE
OF CONTENTS




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    



    
    


PART
I

Part
I. Financial Information

Available
Information

Information
about our Company is available from the Company at the address shown on the first page of this Report. We are obligated to file
reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 or SEC. These reports include annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports
 each of which is provided on our website after we electronically
file such materials with or furnish them to the SEC. You can also read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC's
Public Reference Room at 100 F Street
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. You can obtain additional information about the operation of
the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-732-0330. In addition
 the SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains
reports
 proxy and information statements
 and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC
 including
us.

MATTER
OF FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

THIS
FORM 10-K CONTAINS &quot;FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS&quot; THAT CAN BE IDENTIFIED BY THE USE OF FORWARD-LOOKING WORDS SUCH AS &quot;BELIEVES
&quot;
&quot;EXPECTS
&quot; &quot;MAY
&quot; &quot;WILL
&quot; &quot;SHOULD
&quot; OR &quot;ANTICIPATES
&quot; OR THE NEGATIVE OF THESE
WORDS OR OTHER VARIATIONS OF THESE WORDS OR COMPARABLE WORDS
 OR BY DISCUSSIONS OF PLANS OR STRATEGY THAT INVOLVE RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES.
MANAGEMENT WISHES TO CAUTION THE READER THAT THESE FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
 INCLUDING
 BUT NOT LIMITED TO
 STATEMENTS REGARDING
THE COMPANY&rsquo;S MARKETING PLANS
 GOALS
 COMPETITIVE AND TECHNOLOGY TRENDS AND OTHER MATTERS THAT ARE NOT HISTORICAL FACTS
ARE ONLY PREDICTIONS. NO ASSURANCES CAN BE GIVEN THAT SUCH PREDICTIONS WILL PROVE CORRECT OR THAT THE ANTICIPATED FUTURE RESULTS
WILL BE ACHIEVED. ACTUAL EVENTS OR RESULTS MAY DIFFER MATERIALLY EITHER BECAUSE ONE OR MORE PREDICTIONS PROVE TO BE ERRONEOUS
OR AS A RESULT OF OTHER RISKS FACING THE COMPANY. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS SHOULD BE READ IN LIGHT OF THE CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS
AND IMPORTANT FACTORS DESCRIBED IN THIS FORM 10-K FOR ROGUE ONE
 INC.
 INCLUDING
 BUT NOT LIMITED TO &quot;THE FACTORS THAT MAY
AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS&quot; SHOWN AS ITEM 1A AND IN MANAGEMENT&rsquo;S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS
OF OPERATIONS. THE RISKS INCLUDE
 BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO
 THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH AN EARLY-STAGE COMPANY THAT HAS ONLY A LIMITED
HISTORY OF OPERATIONS
 THE COMPARATIVELY LIMITED FINANCIAL AND MANAGERIAL RESOURCES OF THE COMPANY (SINCE THE COMPANY HAS ONLY
ONE OFFICER/DIRECTOR)
INDEPENDENT THIRD PARTY EVALUATION OF THE COMPANY&rsquo;S
BUSINESS PLAN AND STRATEGIES
 THE INTENSE COMPETITION THE COMPANY FACES FROM OTHER ESTABLISHED COMPETITORS
 TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGES
THAT MAY LIMIT THE ABILITY OF THE COMPANY TO MARKET AND SELL ITS PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OR ADVERSELY IMPACT THE PRICING OF THESE
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
 AND MANAGEMENT THAT HAS ONLY LIMITED EXPERIENCE IN DEVELOPING SYSTEMS AND MANAGEMENT PRACTICES. ANY ONE
OR MORE OF THESE OR OTHER RISKS COULD CAUSE ACTUAL RESULTS TO DIFFER MATERIALLY FROM THE FUTURE RESULTS INDICATED
 EXPRESSED
OR IMPLIED IN SUCH FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS. WE UNDERTAKE NO OBLIGATION TO UPDATE OR REVISE ANY FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENT TO
REFLECT EVENTS
 CIRCUMSTANCES
 OR NEW INFORMATION AFTER THE DATE OF THIS FORM 10-K OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF UNANTICIPATED
OR OTHER SUBSEQUENT EVENTS.



    
    


PART
I

Item
1. Business

As
used herein
 the term &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; and the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; refers to Rogue One
Inc.
 a Nevada corporation and subsidiaries unless otherwise noted.



We
are an insolvent corporation. We have a history of having no sales revenues
 negative cash flow and no profits and we cannot assure
that we will ever be successful in generating and sustaining any sales revenues
 positive cash flow or profits at any time in
the future. We were originally incorporated in the State of Delaware under the name
 PLR
 Inc. in 1993. Later we completed several
name changes and reorganizations.

In
November 1997
 we amended our Articles of Incorporation to change our name to Integrated Carbonics Corp. We also changed our domicile
to the State of Nevada. On July 23
 1999
 we again amended our Articles of Incorporation to change our name to Urbana.ca
 Inc.
(&ldquo;URBA&rdquo;).

And
on April 11
 2003
 we amended our Articles of Incorporation to change our name to PSPP Holdings
 Inc. and later on August 11
2008 we again amended our Articles of Incorporation to change our name to Cynosure Holdings
 Inc.

On
August 21
 2008
 we again amended our Articles of Incorporation to change our name to Mod Hospitality
 Inc. This was followed
by a further amendment to our Articles of Incorporation on December 16
 2009 wherein we changed our name to Stakool
 Inc.

On
June 16
 2011
 we entered into a Letter of Intent of Sale and Purchase with Anthus Life Corp.
 a privately held Nevada corporation
(&ldquo;Anthus&rdquo;). Subsequently and on July 20
 2011
 we and Anthus executed an Agreement of Sale and Purchase whereby Anthus
stockholders received 77
588
470 shares of 79
388
470 shares of our then issued and outstanding common stock together with 10
000
000
shares of our preferred stock in exchange for scheduled payments
 totaling $350
000 and 1
300
000 shares of our common stock (the
&ldquo;Anthus Acquisition Agreement&rdquo;).

Subsequently
the Stakool and Anthus Acquisition Agreement was amended effective January 19
 2012 to allow for the issuance of an additional
2
650
000 shares of our common stock to certain parties to acquire all of the then outstanding common stock of Anthus. As a result
of the Anthus Acquisition Agreement
 Anthus became our wholly-owned subsidiary and all of the shares of our preferred stock and
common stock were duly issued and the sum of $355
000 was duly paid in accordance with that agreement.

Anthus
was incorporated in Nevada on June 4
 2009. At the time of the closing of the Anthus Acquisition Agreement
 Anthus was a developer
consumption.
At the time
 Anthus had one product line in the natural food category and others that it believed could be viable commercial products.

However
and in 2013 following our internal financial evaluations
 we terminated the production of the Anthus products in light of our
assessment of our limited ability to raise the additional capital needed to market and sell the Anthus products.

On
March 15
 2013 all of our officers and directors resigned and Mr. Joseph C. Canouse was appointed as our President
 Chief Executive
Officer
 and sole Director

While
we believe that our Anthus product line may offer good value to consumers
 we have not undertaken any product or market research
to confirm our assessment. Even if the Anthus product line has strong commercial value
 unless or until we have sufficient additional
financial and managerial resources needed to undertake the anticipated additional market research and the manufacturing
 marketing
and promotional efforts that would be required to implement any re-commercialization of the Anthus products
 we may not pursue
any re-commercialization of the Anthus product line. In the event that we are successful in obtaining sufficient additional capital
we may
 if market conditions are favorable
 resume production of one or more of the Anthus products. However
 we cannot assure
you that we will obtain the additional capital that will allow us to undertake these efforts or if we do obtain any additional
capital
 that it can be obtained on reasonable terms and in sufficient amounts on a timely basis that will allow us to implement
any such efforts at any time in the future.



    
    

Effective
August 5
 2013
 we completed a 1 for 100 reverse stock split with the result that we reduced the number of our issued and outstanding
common shares from 2
903
888
889 to approximately 29
039
066 (the &ldquo;First Reverse Stock Split&rdquo;). Our consolidated financial
statements reflect the First Reverse Stock Split.

On
September 26
 2013
 we amended our Articles of Incorporation to change our name to Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. The amendment also
reduced the number of authorized shares of our common stock from 4
000
000
000 common shares to 475
000
000 common shares.

On
May 13
 2014
 we further amended our Articles of Incorporation to increase the authorized shares of our common stock from 475
000
000
common shares to 975
000
000 common shares.

On
June 2
 2014
 Joseph C. Canouse resigned as Chairman of our Board of Directors and as Chief Financial Officer of the Company
and our Board of Directors appointed Scott Martin as a Director and Secretary and Mr. Kevin P. Quirk was appointed Chairman of
the Board.

On
October 16
 2014
 we again amended our Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from
975
000
000 common shares to 2
000
000
000 common shares.

Effective
January 20
 2015
 we effected a 1-for-150 reverse split (the &ldquo;Second Reverse Stock Split&rdquo;) which as preceded by a
filing of an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation that we completed with the Nevada Secretary of State on December 30
 2014.

On
January 6
 2016
 we entered into that certain Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Kevin P. Quirk (the &ldquo;Quirk
Release Agreement&rdquo;). In accordance with the Quirk Release Agreement
 Mr. Quirk resigned from his positions as our Chief
Executive Officer and Director in exchange for our release of Mr. Quirk from certain liabilities.&nbsp;&nbsp;

On
July 12
 2016
 we again amended our Articles of Incorporation to increase the amount of our authorized common stock from 2
000
000
000
common shares to 5
000
000
000 common shares.

On
June 27
 2017
 we and Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&quot;CEN&quot;) entered into that certain asset purchase
agreement whereby we acquired certain assets and we assumed certain liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
Inc. (&quot;Giddy&quot;). As consideration
 we also agreed to exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On January 24
2018
 we completed the distribution of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy.
The Company agreed to spin out its existing assets and liabilities and assume Giddy's business plan involving nutritional supplements
and energy drinks focusing on an active lifestyle.

On
August 23
 2017
 we again amended our Articles of Incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of common stock from
5
000
000
000 common shares to 9
000
000
000 common shares.

On
October 13
 2017
 we entered into that certain Director Resignation and Release Agreement with Scott C. Martin (the &ldquo;Martin
Release Agreement&rdquo;). In accordance with the Martin Release Agreement
 Mr. Martin resigned from his position as our Director
in exchange for our release of Mr. Martin from certain liabilities.

On
September 23
 2020
 the Company entered into a Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with Human Brands International
 Inc.
a private corporation organized pursuant to the laws of the State of Nevada (&ldquo;Human Brands&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which
 at
the effective time
 Human Brands shareholders will exchange 100% of the equity in Human Brands in exchange for a majority controlling
interest in the Company.

On
December 7
 2020
 the Company and Giddy entered into a Settlement Agreement
 Waiver and Release of Claims whereby each party warranted
and represented that they sought to fully and mutually rescind the purchase agreement dated June 27
 2017 and
 in so doing
 for
Giddy to acquire the assets previously sold and
 at the same time
 for each of the parties to waive and release all claims
 both
known and unknown
 and to indemnify and hold all other parties harmless. In addition
 the parties agreed to enter into an exclusive
licensing agreement for the Giddy Up brand in the category of alcoholic beverages.

Effective
April 7
 2021
 we effected a 1-for-100 reverse split (the &ldquo;Third Reverse Stock Split&rdquo;) which as preceded by a filing
of an amendment to our Articles of Incorporation that we completed with the Nevada Secretary of State on February 13
 2021. On
April 7
 2021
 we also amended our Articles of Incorporation to change our name to Rogue One
 Inc.



    
    

Current Products
 Potential Product
Categories and Product Extensions


as a consumer products company focused on the alcoholic beverage sector. We also view the Company as a brand acquisition and holding
company. Subject to the constraints and challenges that we face as summarized in our Risk Factors (and elsewhere in this Annual
Report)
 we may be able to offer products that we believe may provide products that capitalize on the growing alcohol beverage
market and changing consumer habits in the industry. Human Brands diversified operating divisions currently own and manage over
250
000 agave plants
 several premium spirit brands such as Armero Tequila
 three hospitality concepts (Santo Coyote
 Santa Cantina
and Museo by Santo)
 and holds exclusive import/export rights for a variety of spirit brands (Capacity Beverage).


may be different than many of our competitors in that if we are able to secure the necessary financial and managerial resources
on a timely basis and in sufficient amounts
 we may be able to combine innovative technology and product development with perceptive
marketing and sales service strategy.




technology and we do not hold any patents that would otherwise serve to provide us with any protection of our intellectual property
rights.

Production
 Sources
of Raw Materials and the Names of Principal Suppliers


consultants have reviewed
 studied and analyzed the alcoholic beverage product market in certain product areas
 our strategy is
to establish a product procurement and development program that may allow us to obtain the assistance of marketing professionals.
In all of these efforts we may
 if our financial circumstances and market conditions allow
 offer us an opportunity to build our
business
 create brands through eco-friendly packaging and distinctive labeling
 and develop potentially key product distribution
relationships in selected geographic and certain markets that may offer us significant opportunities.




implement our business strategy
 we seek to have our brand name strongly associated on with high quality products that attract
a strong consumer interest and to focus our efforts on finding and developing complimentary products for North American consumer
market and beyond.


Inc. (&ldquo;Human Brands&rdquo;) is a diversified holding company in the spirit and hospitality sectors with a primary focus on
the tequila industry. The Company was established in late 2014 to capitalize on the growing alcohol beverage market and changing
consumer habits in the industry. The Company currently has several wholly-owned subsidiaries that focus on five key areas of business:
(i) agave
 (ii) bulk tequila production
 (iii) brand development
 (iv) import/export
 and (v) hospitality. Please visit the website
at www.humanbrandsinc.com for more information.


are able to obtain sufficient additional financial resources on a timely basis and if market conditions allow
 we seek to become
a leader in certain segments of the alcoholic beverage business and
 in so doing
 set the standards of excellence for other manufacturers
as well. We are aware that our products will need to meet very high consumer expectations and provide greater consumer value in
an intensely competitive marketplace where other larger and well-established manufacturers have far greater financial
 managerial
and marketing resources than we have and which we may have in the future. We do not anticipate that competition in the alcoholic
beverage marketplace will decrease at any time in the future. And to the extent that we are able to implement our strategy and
our product and marketing plans
 there can be no guarantee that we will gain and later sustain any significant share of the market
and do so while also generating profits and positive cash flow. There are many large national and international alcoholic beverage
companies that have nearly unlimited financial resources
 marketing budgets
 research staff
 and other resources that are far beyond
any that which we currently have and any that we likely will have in the future.




product research has led us to believe that there may be a sufficiently large consumer segment that may be attracted to our products
product value
 and product taste that may allow us to gain sufficient product distribution and a retail presence in certain geographic
markets.


structure of Human Brands enables the Company to drive business from each level of the supply chain
 from ground to glass. The
Company's goal is to bring consumers
 and shareholders
 an authentic 'experience' through each of its products
 brands and locations
while continuing to grow its revenues and build its asset values.



    
    





and highly successful and well-established competitors who have a long history of success in marketing a large and diverse product
line in the alcoholic beverage industry. These competitors compete in multiple geographic and product markets with the help of
internal and external market research that we will never likely possess at any time in the future. They are well-established
 multi-million-dollar
companies that possess a greater and far more sophisticated understanding of consumer trends and they have significant consumer
research capabilities that far exceeds our current capabilities and those that we likely will have in the future. Each of these
competitors also possess sophisticated marketing models
 a deep reservoir of experienced distributors and greater market research
capabilities than we will likely ever have. These advantages are augmented with far greater managerial and financial resources
that are far beyond and likely will be far beyond anything that we will ever possess. As a result
 any person who acquires our
Common Stock
 our Preferred Stock
 or any other security that we may issue should be prepared to lose their entire investment.




the Company has three employees.

Item
1A. Risk Factors

Our
business is subject to many significant business risks that are largely beyond our control. We caution you that the following
important factors
 among others
 could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements
made by us or on our behalf in filings with the SEC
 press releases
 communications with investors and oral statements. Our Common
&rdquo; investment suitable only for persons who can
afford the total loss of their investment.

We
have not attempted to rank any of the risks shown below but we caution you that any investment in our Company involves a substantially
high risk of loss. You should carefully consider the risks described below
 before you make any investment decision regarding
our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties
 including those generally affecting the market in which we operate or that we
currently deem immaterial
 may also impair our business. If any such risks actually materialize
 our business
 financial condition
and operating results could be adversely affected. In such case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline.

The
following risk factors are not exhaustive and the risks discussed herein do not purport to be inclusive of all possible risks
but are intended only as examples of possible investment risks. To facilitate understanding of the various business risks applicable
to our Company and the strategic alliance companies through which we intend to operate our business during the foreseeable future
the risk factors discussed herein address our Company together with the risks applicable to our operations that we intend to conduct
with our strategic alliance partners.

Risks
Related to our Business and Industry

WE
ARE SUBJECT TO THE RISKS INHERENT IN A NEW BUSINESS VENTURE

Our
most recent balance sheet as of December 31


 we are insolvent
 and we face a clear risk of bankruptcy
and other adverse action by our existing and future creditors. At present
 we have no current definitive plan to raise any significant
additional equity capital and we are not aware of any interest of any underwriter
 placement manager or other funding source that
has any interest in assisting us in obtaining additional capital. As a result
 we face and continue to face a clear risk of insolvency
bankruptcy
 and other adverse action by our existing and future creditors. This risk is likely to increase over time as we incur
additional liabilities.

WE
HAVE NO HISTORY OF PROFITABILITY AND GENERATING POSITIVE CASH FLOW.

We
have no history of generating profits and positive cash flow. As a result
 any purchase of our Common Stock is subject the investor
to total loss of their investment resulting from insolvency
 bankruptcy
 or some other action by our present and future creditors
since our common stock (and our preferred stock) is and will be subordinate to the rights of our existing and future creditors.

NEGATIVE
EQUITY AND ABSENCE OF WORKING CAPITAL.

Our
most recent balance sheet as of December 31


 we are insolvent
 and we face a clear risk of bankruptcy
and other adverse action by our existing and future creditors. At present
 we have no current plan to raise any significant additional
equity capital and we are not aware of any interest of any underwriter
 placement manager or other funding source that has any
interest in assisting us in obtaining additional capital. As a result
 we face and continue to face a clear risk of insolvency
bankruptcy
 and other adverse action by our existing and future creditors.



    
    

NEGATIVE
CASH FLOW.

We
do not have any history of generating and sustaining our operations with a positive cash flow. That is
 our operations have been
characterized by negative cash flows whereby our cash disbursements have exceeded our cash receipts. For these and other reasons
any person who acquires our Common Stock faces a significant risk of loss of their entire investment.

SUBSTANTIAL
LIKELIHOOD OF IMMEDIATE AND SUBSTANTIAL DILUTION.

While
we have no present plans to raise capital and no prospect that any additional capital can be raised in sufficient amounts
 on
a timely basis
 and on reasonable terms
 in the event that any significant additional capital is raised
 holders of our common
stock face a substantial likelihood of immediate and substantial dilution of their interests in the company.

ABSENCE
OF CONTROL AND AUTHORIZED &ldquo;BLANK CHECK&rdquo; PREFERRED STOCK.

Any
person who acquires our Common Stock will not have any real ability to elect any Director to our Board of Directors or otherwise
influence or control the policies or direction of the Company since we previously issued shares of preferred stock to Joe E. Poe
Jr. and these shares possess super-voting rights that allows Joe E. Poe
 Jr. the unfettered to elect all Directors to our Board
of Directors and thereby control the Company. Our Articles of Incorporation authorize the Company&rsquo;s Board of Directors to
authorize and issue one or more series of our Preferred Stock each with such rights and privileges as our Board of Directors determines
without the necessity of obtaining any consent or approval of our common stockholders. As a result
 holders of our Common Stock
have no real ability to control or influence the Company at any time in the future.

COMMON
STOCK SUBORDINATE TO CLAIMS OF EXISTING AND FUTURE CREDITORS.

All
of our Common Stock is subordinate to the claims and interests of our existing and future creditors and as a result
 any person
who acquires our Common Stock is subject to a high risk of the total loss of their investment.

LIMITED
AND SPORADIC TRADING MARKET FOR OUR COMMON STOCK.

Our
Common Stock is traded only on a limited and sporadic basis as an unlisted security on the OTC Market and there is no likelihood
that any liquid trading market will ever develop or if it does develop that any such market can be sustained. As a result
 holders
of our Common Stock may find it very difficult to undertake any re-sale of their holdings without incurring a prolonged delay
and likely at a significant discount to observed prices. For these reasons our Common Stock should not be considered a liquid
investment and it is entirely unsuitable for investors who seek to make only liquid investments.

NO
LIKELIHOOD OF DIVIDENDS.

We
have no history of profitability and
 for that matter
 we have no history of paying any dividends. In the unlikely event that
we generate profits
 if any
 we anticipate that all such profits will be reinvested into the Company.

ABSENCE
OF WORKERS&rsquo; COMPENSATION INSURANCE AND LIMITED INSURANCE COVERAGE.

We
do not have any workers&rsquo; compensation insurance coverage. As a result
 in the event that any employee of the Company suffers
any personal injury or any property damage while in the employ of the Company or in any capacity as an employee of the Company
we may be exposed to claims under applicable state laws involving tort claims for personal injury and property damage. The extent
of these claims could range from several tens of thousands of dollars to tens of millions of dollars. In addition
 we may be exposed
to claims from the Oklahoma Department of Insurance as well. As a result
 the Company is exposed to existential claims that could
result in insolvency and bankruptcy with the further result that persons who acquire our Common Stock could lose their entire
investment.



    
    

LIMITED
MANAGERIAL RESOURCES; LACK OF &ldquo;KEY MAN&rdquo; INSURANCE.



only three officers and directors. As a result
 our ability to manage our business effectively is constrained by the limited amount
of our managerial resources and there can be no assurances that we can retain the services of officers in the future and otherwise
attract and retain other experienced
 talented
 and skilled management talent necessary to execute our business plan. We do not
have any &ldquo;key man&rdquo; life insurance on the life of our officers and we do not anticipate obtaining any such insurance&nbsp;at
any time in the future. The loss of our officers services to the Company would likely result in protracted and serious financial
losses with the high likelihood that stockholders would lose all or nearly all of their investment.


It
may be more difficult for the Company to prepare for and respond to these types of risks and the risks described elsewhere in
this Form 10-K than for a company with an established business and operating cash flow. If the Company is not able to manage these
risks successfully
 the Company&rsquo;s operations could be negatively impacted. Due to changing circumstances
 the Company may
be forced to change dramatically
 or even terminate
 its planned operations.

RISKS
ASSOCIATED WITH IMPLEMENTATION OF BUSINESS PLAN.

As
a development-stage company
 we continue to face substantial risks
 uncertainties
 expenses
 and difficulties in our efforts to
implement our business plan. The extent of these risks is not known and we have no demonstrable record of operations of any substance
upon which anyone can evaluate our business and prospects. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks
 uncertainties
expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of development. We have not received and we
do not anticipate receiving any independent third-party evaluation of our business strategies or any of our plans and all of our
decisions are made by our sole officer and director who can only devote a limited amount of time to the Company since he has other
full-time employment. For these and many other reasons
 we cannot assure any purchaser of our common stock or our preferred stock
that it will be successful in implementing our business plan or otherwise achieving our objectives.

GOING
CONCERN QUALIFICATION AND QUALIFIED AUDITOR&rsquo;S OPINION.

As
a result of our negative equity
 our lack of working capital
 and our lack of revenues
 our independent auditors have raised substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Given these circumstances
 any person who acquires our Common Stock or
our Preferred Stock should be prepared to lose their entire investment.

CHANGES
IN CONSUMER PREFERENCES AND DISCRETIONARY SPENDING MAY HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR REVENUE
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND
FINANCIAL CONDITION.

We
are subject to shifting and uncertain consumer preferences away from our products. Further we likely will be unable to develop
new products that appeal to consumers
 or changes in our product mix that eliminate items popular with some consumers could harm
our business. Also
 our success depends to a significant extent on discretionary consumer spending
 which is influenced by general
economic conditions and the availability of discretionary income. Accordingly
 we may experience declines in revenue during economic
downturns or during periods of uncertainty. Any material decline in the amount of discretionary spending could have a material
adverse effect on our sales
 results of operations
 business and financial condition.

FLUCTUATIONS
IN VARIOUS COMMODITY
 PACKAGING AND SUPPLY COSTS
 COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS.

We
are aware that the prices of the main ingredients in our intended product offerings can be highly volatile. Supplies and prices
of the various products that we plan to use to prepare our products can be affected by a variety of factors
 such as weather
seasonal fluctuations
 demand
 politics and economics in the producing countries. An increase in pricing of any major ingredients
that we use in our products could have a significant adverse effect on our profitability. In addition; higher diesel prices have
in some cases
 resulted in the imposition of surcharges on the delivery of commodities to distributors. Additionally
 higher diesel
and gasoline prices may affect our supply costs and may affect our sales going forward. To help mitigate the risks of volatile
pricing
 we hope that we may be able
to enter into fixed price or to-be-fixed priced purchase commitments. We cannot assure you that these activities will be successful
or that they will not result in our paying substantially more than would have been required absent such activities. We do not
presently have any multi-year pricing agreements (with fixed processing costs)
 and none with guaranteed volume commitments.

    
    





It may
be more difficult for the Company to prepare for and respond to these types of risks and the risks described elsewhere in this
Form 10-K than for a company with an established business and operating cash flow. If the Company is not able to manage these risks
successfully
 the Company&rsquo;s operations could be negatively impacted. Due to changing circumstances
 the Company may be forced
to change dramatically
 or even terminate
 its planned operations.

RISKS
ASSOCIATED WITH IMPLEMENTATION OF BUSINESS PLAN.

As a
development-stage company
 we continue to face substantial risks
 uncertainties
 expenses
 and difficulties in our efforts to implement
our business plan. The extent of these risks is not known and we have no demonstrable record of operations of any substance upon
which anyone can evaluate our business and prospects. Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks
 uncertainties
 expenses
and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of development. We have not received and we do not anticipate
receiving any independent third-party evaluation of our business strategies or any of our plans and all of our decisions are made
by our sole officer and director who can only devote a limited amount of time to the Company since he has other full-time employment.
For these and many other reasons
 we cannot assure any purchaser of our common stock or our preferred stock that it will be successful
in implementing our business plan or otherwise achieving our objectives.

GOING
CONCERN QUALIFICATION AND QUALIFIED AUDITOR&rsquo;S OPINION.

As a
result of our negative equity
 our lack of working capital
 and our lack of revenues
 our independent auditors have raised substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Given these circumstances
 any person who acquires our Common Stock or
our Preferred Stock should be prepared to lose their entire investment.

CHANGES
IN CONSUMER PREFERENCES AND DISCRETIONARY SPENDING MAY HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR REVENUE
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND
FINANCIAL CONDITION.

We are
subject to shifting and uncertain consumer preferences away from our products. Further we likely will be unable to develop new
products that appeal to consumers
 or changes in our product mix that eliminate items popular with some consumers could harm our
business. Also
 our success depends to a significant extent on discretionary consumer spending
 which is influenced by general
economic conditions and the availability of discretionary income. Accordingly
 we may experience declines in revenue during economic
downturns or during periods of uncertainty. Any material decline in the amount of discretionary spending could have a material
adverse effect on our sales
 results of operations
 business and financial condition.

FLUCTUATIONS
IN VARIOUS COMMODITY
 PACKAGING AND SUPPLY COSTS
 COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR OPERATING RESULTS.

We are
aware that the prices of the main ingredients in our intended product offerings can be highly volatile. Supplies and prices of
the various products that we plan to use to prepare our products can be affected by a variety of factors
 such as weather
 seasonal
fluctuations
 demand
 politics and economics in the producing countries. An increase in pricing of any major ingredients that we
use in our products could have a significant adverse effect on our profitability. In addition; higher diesel prices have
 in some
cases
 resulted in the imposition of surcharges on the delivery of commodities to distributors. Additionally
 higher diesel and
gasoline prices may affect our supply costs and may affect our sales going forward. To help mitigate the risks of volatile commodity

 we hope that we may be able to enter into fixed price or to-be-fixed
priced purchase commitments. We cannot assure you that these activities will be successful or that they will not result in our
paying substantially more than would have been required absent such activities. We do not presently have any multi-year pricing
agreements (with fixed processing costs)
 and none with guaranteed volume commitments.


    
    




WE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO PREVENT OTHERS FROM USING OUR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
 AND MAY BE SUBJECT TO CLAIMS BY THIRD PARTIES THAT WE INFRINGE
ON THEIR INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.

Our products
are created using what we believe may be proprietary formulations; however
 we have no registered patents. Preventing and policing
the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is often difficult and any steps we take may not
 in every case
 prevent the
infringement by unauthorized third parties. Further
 there can be no assurance that our efforts to enforce our rights and protect
our intellectual property will be successful. We may need to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights
which may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.

Further
although management does not believe that our products infringe on the intellectual rights of others
 there is no assurance that
we will not be the target of infringement or other claims. Such claims
 even if not true
 could result in significant legal and
other costs and may be a distraction to our management or interrupt our business.

LITIGATION
AND PUBLICITY CONCERNING PRODUCT QUALITY
 HEALTH AND OTHER ISSUES
 WHICH CAN RESULT IN LIABILITIES AND ALSO CAUSE CONSUMERS TO
AVOID OUR PRODUCTS
 WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS OF OPERATIONS
 BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION.

We are
aware that the alcoholic beverage businesses can be adversely affected by litigation and complaints from consumers or government
authorities resulting from beverage quality
 illness
 injury or other health concerns or operating issues stemming from one retail
location or a limited number of retail locations. Adverse publicity about these allegations may negatively affect us
 regardless
of whether the allegations are true
 by discouraging consumers from buying our products. We could also incur significant liabilities
if a lawsuit or claim results in a decision against us
 or litigation costs
 regardless of the result. We do not carry any product
liability and other related insurance and we have no present plans to do so. As a result
 we will be directly exposed to all such
claims and any related claims alleging losses due to our products and any asserted related losses with the consequential result
that holders of our Common Stock and our Preferred Stock could easily suffer the total loss of their investment.

BEVERAGE
SAFETY CONCERNS AND INSTANCES OF CONTAMINATION COULD HARM OUR CONSUMERS
 RESULT IN NEGATIVE PUBLICITY
 AND
 IN SOME CASES
 COULD
ADVERSELY AFFECT THE PRICE AND AVAILABILITY OF RAW MATERIALS
 ANY OF WHICH COULD HARM OUR BRAND REPUTATION
 RESULT IN A DECLINE
IN SALES OR AN INCREASE IN COSTS.

While
we consider beverage safety a top priority and we may
 if sufficient financial resources become available
 dedicate substantial
resources towards ensuring that consumers enjoy high-quality
 safe and wholesome products there can be no assurance that we may
be able to implement any of our plans and strategies. However
 we cannot guarantee that controls and training will be fully effective
in preventing all contamination. Furthermore
 reliance on third-party suppliers and distributors increases the risk that contamination
incidents could occur outside of our control and at multiple locations.

Instances
of contamination
 whether real or perceived
 could harm consumers and otherwise result in negative publicity about us or the products
we produce
 which could adversely affect sales. If there is an incident involving the sale and distribution of contaminated products
consumers may be harmed
 our sales may decrease and our brand name may be impaired. If consumers become ill from contamination
we could be forced to temporarily suspend some operations. If we react to negative publicity by changing our products or other
key aspects of the Rogue One experience
 we may lose consumers who do not accept those changes
 and may not be able to attract

 we may have different
or additional competitors for our intended consumers as a result of making any such changes and may not be able to compete successfully
against those competitors. Beverage safety concerns and instances of contamination and injuries caused by beverage contamination
have in the past
 and could in the future
 adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients and cause consumers
to shift their preferences
 particularly if we choose to pass any higher ingredient costs along to consumers. As a result
 our
costs may increase and our sales may decline. A decrease in consumer traffic as a result of these health concerns or negative publicity
or as a result of a change in our products or a temporary suspension of any of our consumer operations
 could materially harm our
business.

    
    




THE
ALCOHOLIC BEVERAGE INDUSTRY HAS INHERENT OPERATIONAL RISKS THAT MAY NOT BE ADEQUATELY COVERED BY INSURANCE.


We
currently do not have any product liability insurance or any related insurance. If we later acquire any such insurance
 we cannot
assure you or any holder of our Common Stock that we will carry sufficient insurance against all risks or that our insurers will
pay a particular claim. In that event
 any holder of our Common Stock
 our Preferred Stock
 or any other security that we issue
is exposed to the certain HIGH RISK of loss of their entire investment. Furthermore
 in the future
 we may not be able to obtain
adequate insurance coverage at reasonable rates for our operations. We may also be subject to calls
 or premiums
 in amounts based
not only on our own claim records but also the claim records of all other members of the protection and indemnity associations
through which we may receive indemnity insurance coverage for tort liability. Our insurance policies may also contain deductibles
limitations and exclusions which
 although we may believe are standard in the food service industry
 may nevertheless increase
our costs.

WE
FACE UNCERTAINTY IN OUR EFFORTS TO GAIN AND SUSTAIN ANY RETAIL DISTRIBUTION OF OUR PLANNED PRODUCTS.

We
have not determined if we can achieve any retail distribution for our planned products and how or where any such distribution
may be achieved and
 if achieved
 that it can be sustained. Since we have no working capital and we have negative equity
 we are
not able to predict if and when we may be able to undertake any efforts to implement our business plan
 if ever. In the event
that that we are successful in overcoming these and other significant financial challenges
 we are aware that our future results
depend on various factors
 including successful selection of new markets
 market acceptance of our brands
 consumer recognition
of the quality of our products and willingness to pay our prices (which reflect our often-higher ingredient costs
) the quality
and performance of our equipment and general economic conditions. In addition
 as with the experience of other retail food and
beverage concepts who have tried to expand nationally
 we may find that our product concepts have limited or no appeal to consumers
in new markets or we may experience a decline in the popularity of our brands. We are also aware that any newly opened stores
may not succeed
 future markets may not be successful and average store revenue may not meet expectations. Moreover
 we anticipate
that we may incur significant and protracted losses and negative cash flow for several years
 at a minimum. As a result
 investors
who acquire our Common Stock
 our Preferred Stock
 or any security
 should be prepared to lose their entire investment. Our securities
should be considered &ldquo;HIGH RISK&rdquo; securities.

OUR
FAILURE TO MANAGE OUR GROWTH EFFECTIVELY COULD HARM OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS.

Our
plans call for a significant increase in the number of consumers. Product supply
 financial and management controls and information
systems may be inadequate to support our expansion. Managing our growth effectively will require us to continue to enhance these
systems
 procedures
 and controls and to hire
 train and retain management and staff. Since we have only one officer/Director
(who has other full-time employment) and no other employees
 we may not respond quickly enough to the changing demands that our
expansion will impose on our management
 employees and existing infrastructure. We also place a lot of importance on our culture
which we believe will be an important contributor to our success. As we grow
 however
 we may have difficulty maintaining our
culture or adapting it sufficiently to meet the needs of our operations. Our failure to manage our growth effectively could harm
our business and operating results with the result that we may face significant and protracted losses thereby.

OUR
OPERATING RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE SIGNIFICANTLY AND COULD FALL BELOW THE EXPECTATIONS OF INVESTORS DUE TO VARIOUS FACTORS.

Our operating
results may fluctuate significantly because of various factors
 including:



    
    
The impact of inclement
    weather
 natural disasters and other calamities
 such as earthquakes and/or hurricanes
 which could cause a delay in getting
    our products to our consumers;

    
    
Unseasonably cold
    or wet weather conditions could cause a delay in getting our products to our consumers;

    
    
Profitability of
    our operations where our products are sold
 especially in new markets;

    
    
Changes in comparable
    store sales and consumer visits
 including the introduction of new product items;

    
    
Variations in general
    economic conditions
 including those relating to changes in diesel and gasoline prices;

    
    
Negative publicity
    about the ingredients we use or the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or other problems at stores where our products are
    available;

    
    
Changes in consumer
    preferences and discretionary spending;

    
    
Increases in infrastructure
    costs; and

    
    
Fluctuation in supply
    prices.




    
    

Because
of these factors
 results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or
for any year. Average consumers&rsquo; store revenue or comparable store revenue in any particular future period may decrease.
In the future
 our operating results may fall below the expectations of investors. In that event
 the value of our Common Stock
or other securities would likely decrease.

OUR
CONSUMERS AND SUPPLIERS COULD TAKE ACTIONS THAT HARM OUR REPUTATION AND REDUCE OUR PROFITS.

Consumers
and suppliers are separate entities and are not our employees. Further
 we do not exercise control over the day-to-day operations
of our consumers and suppliers. Any operational shortcomings of our consumers and suppliers are likely to be attributed to our
system-wide operations and could adversely affect our reputation and have a direct negative impact on our profits.&nbsp;

OUR
REVENUE IS SUBJECT TO VOLATILITY BASED ON WEATHER AND VARIES BY SEASON.

The alcoholic
beverage industry is subject to seasonality in each major category. Seasonal factors could cause our revenue to fluctuate from
quarter to quarter. Our revenue may be higher during the holiday season and lower during periods of inclement weather.&nbsp;

WE
COULD FACE LIABILITY FROM OUR CONSUMERS
 SUPPLIERS OR GOVERNMENT.

A
consumer
 supplier or government agency may bring legal action against us based on the consumer/ supplier relationships. Various
state and federal laws govern our relationship with consumers and suppliers. If we fail to comply with these laws
 we could be
liable for damages to consumers or suppliers and fines or other penalties. Expensive litigation with our consumers/suppliers or
government agencies may adversely affect both our profits and our important relations with our consumer/suppliers.

WE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO RAISE ADDITIONAL CAPITAL ON ACCEPTABLE TERMS.

We
are aware that our business may require significant capital in the future each year and for many years even if we can
implement our business plans. We are also aware that any business that grows typically has negative cash flow as funds are
needed to support higher levels of inventory and receivables together with higher advertising and marketing expenditures. As
a result of these and related circumstances and even if we are successful in implementing our business plan
 any person who
acquires our Common Stock or our Preferred Stock will likely suffer significant and immediate dilution and otherwise become
subordinate to the rights and claims of creditors. In addition
 any financing that we obtain may not
 however
 be available
on terms favorable to us
 or at all. Our ability to obtain additional funding will be subject to various factors
 including
market conditions
 our operating performance
 lender sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with
other contractual restrictions
 such as financial covenants under our credit facility. These factors may make the timing
amount
inability
to raise capital could impede our growth. Any person who acquires our securities should be prepared to lose all of their
investment.

THE
MARKETING AND SALE OF A CONSUMER PRODUCT EXPOSES US TO SIGNIFICANT RISK OF LITIGATION TOGETHER WITH THE DISTRACTION OF OUR LIMITED
MANAGEMENT
 INCREASING OUR EXPENSES OR SUBJECTING US TO MATERIAL MONEY DAMAGES AND OTHER REMEDIES.

The
marketing of any consumer product is highly risky. We are aware that consumers could file complaints or lawsuits against us alleging
that we are responsible for some illness or injury their consumers suffered at or after a visit to their stores
 or that we have
problems with food quality or operations. We are also subject to a variety of other claims arising in the ordinary course of our
business
 including personal injury claims
 contract claims and claims alleging&nbsp;violations of federal and state law regarding
workplace and employment matters
 discrimination and similar matters
 and we could become subject to class action or other lawsuits
related to these or different matters in the future. Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid
 or whether we are
ultimately held liable
 claims may be expensive to defend and may divert time and money away from our operations and hurt our
performance. A judgment significantly in excess of our insurance coverage for any claims could materially and adversely affect
our financial condition or results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may also materially and
adversely affect our reputation or prospects
 which in turn could adversely affect our results. The food and beverage services
industry has been subject to a growing number of claims based on the nutritional content of food products they sell and disclosure
and advertising practices. We have no present plans to obtain insurance coverage for these risks or any risks associated with
or arising out of any product that we plan to market and sell in the future. As a result
 in the event that we incur costs and
liabilities as a result of or associated with our planned offering and sale of our products
 we likely will face protracted and
significant financial costs and protracted losses thereby with the result that anyone who acquires our Common Stock or our Preferred
Stock likely will lose their entire investment.



    
    

WE
MAY ALSO INCUR COSTS RESULTING FROM OTHER SECURITY RISKS WE MAY FACE IN CONNECTION WITH OUR ELECTRONIC PROCESSING AND TRANSMISSION
OF CONFIDENTIAL CONSUMER INFORMATION.

In
the event that we are able to implement our business plan then we are likely to face the risks from using commercially available
software and other technologies to provide security for processing and transmission of consumer credit card data. Our systems
could be compromised in the future
 which could result in the misappropriation of consumer information or the disruption of systems.
Either of those consequences and other events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business or subject it
to additional liabilities with consequential and significant financial losses arising thereby.

WE
ARE EXPOSED TO INCREASED COSTS AND RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH COMPLIANCE WITH CHANGING LAWS
 REGULATIONS AND STANDARDS IN GENERAL
AND SPECIFICALLY WITH INCREASED AND NEW REGULATION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND DISCLOSURE STANDARDS.

We
expect to spend an increased amount of management time and external resources to comply with existing and changing laws
 regulations
and standards in general
 and specifically relating to corporate governance. In particular
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 requires management to annually review and evaluate all of our internal control systems
 and file attestations of
the effectiveness of these systems by our management and by our independent auditors. This process may require us to hire additional
personnel and use outside advisory services and result in additional accounting and legal expenses. If in the future our chief
executive officer
 chief financial officer or independent auditors determine that our controls over financial reporting are not
effective as defined under Section 404
 investor perceptions may be adversely affected and could cause a decline in the value
of our stock. If our independent auditors are unable to provide an unqualified attestation of management&rsquo;s assessment of
our internal control over financial reporting
 or disclaim an ability to issue an attestation
 it could result in a loss of investor
confidence in our financial reports
 adversely affect our stock value and our ability to access the capital markets or borrow
money. Failure to comply with other existing and changing laws
 regulations and standards could also adversely affect the Company.

THE
REPORT OF OUR INDEPENDENT AUDITORS INDICATES UNCERTAINTY CONCERNING OUR ABILITY TO CONTINUE AS A GOING CONCERN AND THIS MAY IMPAIR
OUR ABILITY TO RAISE CAPITAL TO FUND OUR BUSINESS PLAN.

Our
independent auditors have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. We cannot assure you that
this will not impair our ability to raise capital on attractive terms. Additionally
 we cannot assure you that we will ever achieve
significant revenues and therefore remain a going concern.&nbsp;

COMPETITORS
WITH MORE RESOURCES MAY FORCE US OUT OF BUSINESS.

In
the event that we have sufficient financial resources
 we anticipate that we will compete with many large and well-established
companies
 food and beverage service
 C-stores and other approved channels and otherwise
 on the basis of taste
 quality and price
of product offered
 consumer service
 atmosphere
 location and overall guest experience. Aggressive pricing by our competitors
or the entrance of new competitors into our markets could reduce our revenue and profit margins and otherwise result in significant
financial losses that could result in insolvency or bankruptcy.

WE
MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ATTAIN PROFITABILITY WITHOUT SIGNIFICANT ADDITIONAL FINANCING WHICH MAY BE UNAVAILABLE.

We
have negative equity of $5.6 million as of December 31
 2020
 minimal working capital and no clear plan to raise additional capital.
To date
 hawse have funded our operations with minimal financial resources
 and we have not generated sufficient cash from operations
to be profitable or to maintain sufficient inventory. Unless we are successful in generating sufficient revenues to finance operations
as a going concern while also achieving profitability and positive cash flow
 the Company may experience liquidity and solvency
problems. Such liquidity and solvency problems may force the Company to cease operations if additional financing is not available.

THE
COST TO MEET OUR REPORTING AND OTHER REQUIREMENTS AS A PUBLIC COMPANY SUBECT TO THE EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 WILL BE SUBSTANTIAL AND
MAY RESULT IN US HAVING INSUFFICIENT FUNDS TO EXPAND OUR BUSINESS OR EVEN MEET ROUTINE BUSINESS OBLIGATIONS.

Subject
to the reporting requirements of the&nbsp;
 as amended
 we will incur ongoing expenses associated
with professional fees for accounting
 legal
 and a host of other expenses for annual reports and proxy statements that could
limit our ability to invest in inventory
 accounts receivable
 marketing
 product development
 and other necessary expenditures.
These costs directly reduce any funds that we may have to meet our financial obligations to creditors or otherwise sustain the
existence of the Company.


    
    


WE
MAY HAVE DIFFICULTY IN ATTRACTING AND RETAINING MANAGEMENT AND OUTSIDE INDEPENDENT MEMBERS TO OUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS AS A RESULT
OF THEIR CONCERNS RELATING TO THEIR INCREASED PERSONAL EXPOSURE TO LAWSUITS AND STOCKHOLDER CLAIMS BY VIRTUE OF HOLDING THESE
POSITIONS IN A PUBLICLY-HELD COMPANY.

We are
aware that directors and management of publicly-traded corporations are increasingly concerned with the extent of their personal
exposure to lawsuits and stockholder claims
 as well as governmental and creditor claims which may be made against them
 particularly
in view of recent changes in securities laws imposing additional duties
 obligations and liabilities on management and directors.
Due to these perceived risks
 directors and management are also becoming increasingly concerned with the availability of directors&rsquo;
and officers&rsquo; liability insurance to pay on a timely basis the costs incurred in defending such claims. We currently do not
carry directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance. Directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance has recently
become much more expensive and difficult to obtain. If we are unable to provide directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability
insurance at affordable rates or at all
 it may become increasingly more difficult to attract and retain qualified outside directors
to serve on our board of directors.

We may
lose potential independent board members and management candidates to other companies that have greater directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo;
liability insurance to insure them from liability or to companies that have revenues or have received greater funding to date which
can offer more lucrative compensation packages. The fees of directors are also rising in response to their increased duties
 obligations

we will have a more difficult time attracting and retaining management and outside independent directors than a more established
company due to these enhanced duties
 obligations and liabilities.

WE
MAY NOT ACHIEVE RESULTS SIMILAR TO ANY CURRENT OR FUTURE FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS.

Projections
and estimated financial results are based on estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and
 though considered reasonable
by us
 are subject to significant business
 economic
 and competitive uncertainties and contingencies
 all of which are difficult
to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Accordingly
 there can be no assurance that the projected results will be
realized or that actual results will not be significantly lower than projected. Neither we nor any other person or entity assumes
any responsibility for the accuracy or validity of the projections. All of our plans and projections have not received any independent
or third-party evaluation by anyone and are the result of the limited review provide solely by our one (1) part-time officer and
Director
 Joe E. Poe.

Risks
Related to an Investment in our Common Stock

OUR
DIRECTORS HAVE THE RIGHT TO AUTHORIZE THE ISSUANCE OF ADDITIONAL SHARES OF OUR PREFERRED STOCK.

Our
directors
 within the limitations and restrictions contained in our articles of incorporation and without further action by our
stockholders
 have the authority to issue shares of preferred stock from time to time in one or more series and to fix the number
of shares and the relative rights
 conversion rights
 voting rights
 and terms of redemption
 liquidation preferences and any
other preferences
 special rights and qualifications of any such series. Any issuance of shares of preferred stock could adversely
affect the rights of holders of our common stock. Any such action would also likely and significantly reduce the value of our
existing Common Stock and our existing Preferred Stock.

IF
THERE IS A MARKET FOR OUR SECURITIES IN THE FUTURE
 OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE AND ILLIQUID.

We
can make no assurance that there will be a public market for our common Stock in the future. If there is a market for our Common
Stock in the future
 we anticipate that such market may be illiquid and might be subject to wide fluctuations in response to several
factors
 including
 but not limited to the following factors:



    
    
actual or anticipated
    variations in our results of operations;

    
    
our ability or inability
    to generate new revenue;

    
    
our ability to anticipate
    and effectively adapt to a developing market;

    
    
our ability to attract
    retain and motivate qualified personnel;

    
    
consumer satisfaction
    and loyalty;

    
    
increased competition;
    and

    
    
conditions and trends
    in the market for organic and natural products.




    
    

CONVERSION
OF OUR PROMISSORY NOTES OR SALES OF A SUBSTANTIAL NUMBER OF SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK INTO THE PUBLIC MARKET BY SELLING SHAREHOLDERS
MAY CAUSE A REDUCTION IN THE PRICE OF OUR STOCK AND PURCHASERS WHO ACQUIRE SHARES FROM THE SELLING SHAREHOLDERS MAY LOSE SOME
OR ALL OF THEIR INVESTMENTS.

If
a market for our shares develops
 sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could cause
a reduction in the price of our Common Stock. If selling Shareholders resell a substantial portion of the issued and outstanding
shares of our Common Stock it could have an adverse effect on the price of our Common Stock. As a result of any such decreases
in the price of our Common Stock
 purchasers who acquire shares from Selling Shareholders may lose some or all of their investment.

OUR
EXISTING SHAREHOLDERS WILL EXPERIENCE SUBSTANTIAL AND IMMEDIATE DILUTION.

In
the event that we are able to implement our business plan
 we will need to raise significant additional capital from the sale
of debt
 equity
 or both. Any funds
 and these funds may not be available on favorable terms
 or at all. Furthermore
 if we issue
debt or equity securities to raise additional funds
 our existing shareholders will experience substantial and immediate dilution
and the new debt or equity securities may have rights
 preference
 and privileges senior to those of our existing shareholders.
If we cannot raise funds on acceptable terms
 we may not be able to develop or enhance our products
 execute our business plan
take advantage of future opportunities
 or respond to competitive pressures or unanticipated consumer requirements.

There
is no assurance that we will be profitable
 and we may not be able to successfully develop
 manage or market our products and
services. We may not be able to attract or retain qualified executives and technological personnel and our products and services
may become obsolete. Government regulation may hinder our business. Additional dilution in outstanding stock ownership will be
incurred due to the issuance of more shares
 stock options
 or the exercise of stock options
 and other risks inherent in our
business.

Since
we cannot be assured of any immediate improvement in our profitability
 our cash flow
 or both of them
 any person who acquires
our Common Stock
 our Preferred Stock
 or any other security that we may offer
 will likely incur substantial dilution and diminution
in their interest in the Company and thereby substantial losses on their investment thereby. Our securities are properly viewed
as &ldquo;

CURRENTLY
THERE IS A PUBLIC MARKET FOR OUR SECURITIES
 BUT THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCES THAT THE PUBLIC MARKET WILL DEVELOP FURTHER AND
 IF
DEVELOPED FURTHER
 IT IS LIKELY TO EXPERIENCE SIGNIFICANT PRICE FLUCTUATIONS.

We
have a trading symbol for our common stock
 namely &lsquo;FPFI&rsquo;. There can be no assurances as to whether:



    
    
the market for our
    shares will continue to develop; or

    
    
the prices at which
    our common stock will trade;


Prices
for our common stock will be determined in the marketplace and may be influenced by many factors
 including the depth and liquidity
of the market for shares of our common stock
 developments affecting our business
 including the impact of the factors referred
to elsewhere in these risk factors
 investor perception of our Company and general economic and market conditions.

WE
ARE SUBJECT TO THE PENNY SOCK RULES WHICH WILL MAKE OUR COMMON STOCK MORE DIFFICULT TO SELL.

We
are subject to the SEC&rsquo;s &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules because our securities sell below $5.00 per share. The penny stock
rules require broker-dealers to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document prepared by the SEC which provides information
about penny stocks and the nature and level of risks in the penny stock market. The broker-dealer must also provide the customer
with current bid and offer quotations for the penny stock
 the compensation of the broker-dealer and its salesperson
 and monthly
account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer&rsquo;s account. In addition
 the bid and
offer quotations
 and the broker-dealer and salesperson compensation information must be given to the customer orally or in writing
prior to completing the transaction and must be given to the customer in writing before or with the customer&rsquo;s confirmation.

Furthermore
the penny stock rules require that prior to a transaction
 the broker dealer must make a special written determination that the
penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser&rsquo;s written agreement to the transaction.
The penny stock rules are burdensome and may reduce purchases of any offerings and reduce the trading activity for our securities.
As long as our securities are subject to the penny stock rules
 the holders of such securities will find it more difficult to
sell their securities and any person who acquires our securities will not likely have any continuous liquid trading market that
will allow them to sell these securities in the future.



    
    

SHARES
ELIGIBLE FOR FUTURE SALE BY OUR CURRENT STOCKHOLDERS MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR STOCK PRICE.

The
sale of a significant number of shares of common stock at any particular time could be difficult to achieve at the market prices
prevailing immediately before such shares are offered. In addition
 sales of substantial amounts of common stock
 including shares
issued upon the exercise of outstanding options and warrants
 under Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 144 or otherwise could
adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital at that time through
the sale of our securities.&nbsp;

STATUS
OF &ldquo;PENNY STOCK&rdquo; AND IMPACT ON MARKET LIQUIDITY.

Trading
in our Common Stock is limited. Consequently
 a shareholder may find it more difficult to dispose of
 or to obtain accurate quotations
as to the price of
 our Common Stock. In the absence of a security being quoted on NASDAQ
 or the Company having $2
000
000 in
net tangible assets
 trading in the Common Stock is covered by Rule 3a51-1 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission
under the&nbsp;
 as amended for non-NASDAQ and non-exchange listed securities. Under such
rules
 broker/dealers who recommend such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally
institutions with assets in excess of $5
000
000 or individuals with net worth in excess of $1
000
000 or an annual income exceeding
$200
000 or $300
000 jointly with their spouse) must make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive
the purchaser's written agreement to a transaction prior to sale. Securities are also exempt from this rule if the market price
is at least $5.00 per share
 or for warrants
 if the warrants have an exercise price of at least $5.00 per share. The Securities
Enforcement and Penny Stock Reform Act of 1990 requires additional disclosure related to the market for penny stocks and for trades
in any stock defined as a penny stock. The Commission has adopted regulations under such Act which define a penny stock to be
any NASDAQ or non-NASDAQ equity security that has a market price or exercise price of less than $5.00 per share and allow for
the enforcement against violators of the proposed rules. In addition
 unless exempt
 the rules require the delivery
 prior to
any transaction involving a penny stock
 of a disclosure schedule prepared by the Commission explaining important concepts involving
a penny stock market
 the nature of such market
 terms used in such market
 the broker/dealer's duties to the customer
 a toll-free
telephone number for inquiries about the broker/dealer's disciplinary history
 and the customer's rights and remedies in case
of fraud or abuse in the sale. Disclosure also must be made about commissions payable to both the broker/dealer and the registered
representative
 current quotations for the securities
 and
 if the broker/dealer is the sole market maker
 the broker/dealer must
disclose this fact and its control over the market. Monthly statements must be sent disclosing recent price information for the
penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. While many NASDAQ stocks are covered by
the proposed definition of penny stock
 transactions in NASDAQ stock are exempt from all but the sole market-maker provision for
(i) issuers who have $2
000
000 in tangible assets has been in operation for at least three years ($5
000
000 if the issuer has
not been in continuous operation for three years)
 (ii) transactions in which the customer is an institutional accredited investor
and (iii) transactions that are not recommended by the broker/dealer. In addition
 transactions in a NASDAQ security directly
with the NASDAQ market maker for such securities
 are subject only to the sole market-maker disclosure
 and the disclosure with
regard to commissions to be paid to the broker/dealer and the registered representatives. The Company's securities are subject
to the above rules on penny stocks and the market liquidity for the Company's securities could be severely affected by limiting
the ability of broker/dealers to sell the Company's securities.

LIKELIHOOD
OF GOVERNMENTAL APPROVAL OF OUR PRINCIPAL PRODUCTS.

Companies
have been the target of class action lawsuits and other proceedings alleging
 among other things
 violations of federal and state
workplace and employment laws. Proceedings of this nature
 if successful
 could result in our payment of substantial damages.

Our
results of operations may be adversely affected by legal or governmental proceedings brought by or on behalf of employees or consumers.
In recent years
 a number of companies
 including juice companies
 have been subject to lawsuits
 including class action lawsuits
alleging violations of federal and state law. A number of these lawsuits have resulted in the payment of substantial awards by
the defendants. Although we are not currently a party to any material class action lawsuits
 we could incur substantial damages
and expenses resulting from lawsuits
 which would increase the cost of operating the business and decrease the cash available
for other uses.



    
    

WE
ARE SUBJECT TO GOVERNMENT AND INDUSTRY REGULATION.

We
are subject to various federal
 state and local regulations and we likely will face greater regulations in the future. Our products
are subject to state and local regulation by health
 sanitation
agencies.
We may experience material difficulties or failures in obtaining the necessary licenses or approvals for new products which could
delay planned execution of our business plan. We are subject to the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act and similar state laws
that give civil rights protections to individuals with disabilities in the context of employment
 public accommodations and other
areas. We may in the future have to modify office and warehouse space
 for example by adding access ramps or redesigning certain
architectural fixtures
 to provide service to or make reasonable accommodations for disabled persons. The expenses associated
with these modifications could be material. Our operations are also subject to the U.S. Fair Labor Standards Act
 which governs
such matters as minimum wages
 overtime and other working conditions
 along with the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act
 family
leave mandates and a variety of similar laws enacted by the states that govern these and other employment law matters. In addition
federal proposals to introduce a system of mandated health insurance and flexible work time and other similar initiatives could
if implemented
 adversely affect our operations. In recent years
 there has been an increased legislative
 regulatory and consumer
focus on nutrition and advertising practices in the food industry. As a result
 we may in the future become subject to initiatives
in the area of nutrition disclosure or advertising
 such as requirements to provide information about the nutritional content
of our products
 which could increase our expenses.

AS
A PUBLIC COMPANY
 WE ARE SUBJECT TO COMPLEX LEGAL AND ACCOUNTING REQUIREMENTS THAT WILL REQUIRE US TO INCUR SIGNIFICANT EXPENSES
AND WILL EXPOSE US TO RISK OF NON-COMPLIANCE.

As a
public company
 we are subject to numerous legal and accounting requirements that do not apply to private companies. The cost of
compliance with many of these requirements is material
 not only in absolute terms but
 more importantly
 in relation to the overall
scope of the operations of a small company. Our relative inexperience with these requirements may increase the cost of compliance
and may also increase the risk that we will fail to comply.

Failure
to comply with these requirements can have numerous adverse consequences including
 but not limited to
 our inability to file required
periodic reports on a timely basis
 loss of market confidence and/or governmental or private actions against us. We cannot assure
you that we will be able to comply with all of these requirements or that the cost of such compliance will not prove to be a substantial
competitive disadvantage vis-&agrave;-vis our privately held and larger public competitors.

WE
MAY BE SUBJECT TO SHAREHOLDER LITIGATION
 THEREBY DIVERTING OUR RESOURCES THAT MAY HAVE A MATERIAL EFFECT ON OUR PROFITABILITY
AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS.

As
discussed in the preceding risk factors
 the market for our common shares is characterized by significant price volatility when
compared to seasoned issuers
 and we expect that our share price will continue to be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for
the indefinite future. In the past
 plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following
periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may become the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation
will result in substantial costs and liabilities and will divert management&rsquo;s attention and resources.&nbsp;&nbsp;

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments

Not
applicable

Item
2. Properties

Our
principal executive office is located at 3416 Shadybrook Drive
 Midwest City
 OK 73110.

Item
3. Legal Proceedings

We
are not currently involved in any litigation that we believe could have a materially adverse effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. Except as set forth above
 we are not aware of any outstanding action
 suit
 proceeding
 inquiry or
investigation before or by any court
 public board
 government agency
 self-regulatory organization or body pending or
 to the
knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or any of our subsidiaries
 threatened against or affecting our Company
 our
common stock
Company&rsquo;s subsidiaries&rsquo;
officers or directors in their capacities as such
 in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. We may discover
that one or more actions or suits have been filed against us. As a result
 we cannot assure you that we may be exposed to claims
and liabilities that result in the Company becoming insolvent with the further result that any person who acquires our Common
Stock
 our Preferred Stock
 or any other securities that we have issued
 suffer the total loss of their investment.

Item
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES.



    
    




PART
II

Item
5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities

(a)
Market Information

The
Company&rsquo;s Common Stock is quoted on the OTC Markets under the under the symbol &ldquo;FPFI.&rdquo; The following table sets
forth the quarterly high and low sale prices for our common shares for the last two completed fiscal years and the subsequent
interim periods. The prices set forth below represent interdealer quotations
 without retail markup
 markdown or commission and
may not be reflective of actual transactions.




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

March 31
 2019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

June 30
 2019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

September 30
 2019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2019
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

March 31
 2020
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

June 30
 2020
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

September 30
 2020
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

December 31
 2020
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


(b)
Holders

As
of April 19
 2021 there were&nbsp;approximately 808 stockholders&nbsp;of record of our common stock. This figure does not take
into account those shareholders whose certificates are held in the name of broker-dealers or other nominees.&nbsp;

(c)
Dividends

We
have never paid any cash dividends on our common shares
 and we do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends with respect
to those securities in the foreseeable future. Our current business plan is to retain any future earnings to finance the expansion
development of our business.

(d)
Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans

We
currently do not have an equity compensation plan.&nbsp;

Item
6. Selected Financial Data

Not
applicable.

Item
7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations

Forward-Looking
Statements

Certain
statements in this Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis section or MD&amp;A
 other than purely historical information
 including
estimates
 projections
 statements relating to our business plans
 objectives and expected operating results
 and the assumptions
upon which those statements are based
 are &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 or the Securities Act
 and Section 21E of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 or the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements generally are identified
by the words &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo; &ldquo;would
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
&ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;approximately
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;predict
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;potential
&rdquo; &ldquo;continue
&rdquo; &ldquo;ongoing
&rdquo; or the negative
of these terms or other comparable terminology
 although the absence of these words does not necessarily mean that a statement
is not forward-looking. Historical results may not indicate future performance. Our forward-looking statements reflect our current
views about future events
 are based on assumptions and are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual&nbsp;results to differ materially from those contemplated by these statements. Factors that may cause differences between
actual results and those contemplated by forward-looking statements include
 but are not limited to
 the risk factors described
in this report. Except to the extent required by law
 we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
whether because of new information
 future events
 a change in events
 conditions
 circumstances or assumptions underlying such
statements
 or otherwise.



    
    

Plan
of Operations

Our plan
is to develop our brand name
 to have it strongly associated with all of our distributed products and to focus on finding and developing
the best nutritional supplement product options for North America and beyond.


that could capitalize on the growing alcohol beverage market and changing consumer habits in the industry. Human Brands&rsquo;
diversified operating divisions currently own and manage over 250
000 agave plants
 several premium spirit brands
 three hospitality
concepts
 and holds exclusive import/export rights for a variety of spirit brands primarily in the tequila industry. It currently
has several wholly-owned subsidiaries that focus on five key areas of business: (i) agave
 (ii) bulk tequila production
 (iii)
brand development
 (iv) import/export
 and (v) hospitality.

An experienced
but limited core management team is in place and has
 on a limited basis
 reviewed
 studied and analyzed the alcoholic beverage
product market. In the event that the Company can secure additional capital in sufficient amounts and on a timely basis
 the Company
may be able to establish a procurement program and may be able to work with outside professionals to build its business
 create
brands through eco-friendly packaging and distinctive labeling
 and develop key distribution relationships.

Basis
of Presentation

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&ldquo;GAAP&rdquo;).
These accounting principles require us to make certain estimates
 judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates
 judgments
and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates
 judgments
and assumptions are made. These estimates
 judgments
 and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented.
Our financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material differences between these estimates and actual results.
In many cases
 the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically dictated by GAAP and does not require management&rsquo;s
judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management&rsquo;s judgment in selecting any available alternative
would not produce a materially different result. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our financial statements
and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report.&nbsp;

Results
of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019



We
did not record any revenues for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019. We are contemplating various opportunities as a means
to generate future sales revenue; however
 we can provide no assurance that our efforts will successfully result in any new revenues.

Gross
Margin

Gross
margin is calculated by subtracting cost of sales from revenue. Gross margin percentage is calculated by dividing gross margins
by revenue.

We
did not record any cost of goods sold for either of the years ended December 31
 2020
 and 2019. As such
 we did not realize any
gross margin for either of the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.

Operating
Expenses

Operating
expenses from continuing operations totaled $263
626 for the year ended December 31
 2020
 compared to $141
255 in operating expenses
for the year ended December 31
 2019
 or a decrease of $122
371.

Our
operating expenses are primarily comprised of compensation and benefits
 professional fees and other general and administrative
costs. The increase in operating expenses was due to an increase in professional services rendered in relation to our financial
reporting and other matters
 and fees incurred from various state compliance filings. 
We
expect our operating expenses to increase proportionally to our business activities as we begin to execute upon our Plan of Operations
in future periods. We also anticipate incurring additional costs and expenses as a result of our lack of positive cash flow and
lack of profits.

Other
Income (Expense)

Net
other expenses totaled $302
595 for the year ended December 31
 2020
 compared to $824
431 in net other expenses for the year
ended December 31
 2019.

The
Company has issued various convertible notes to help finance its operations
 some of which have embedded derivative features.
The value of these instruments will fluctuate as the trading price of our common stock changes. During the year ended December
31
 2020
 we recorded an unrealized gain of $104
386
 compared to an unrealized loss of $292
536 during the year ended December
31
 2019 from the change in the value of these derivative features. During the year ended December 31
 2020 we recorded a derivative
liability expense of $129
961
 compared to no derivative liability expense recorded during the year ended December 31
 2019.

During
the year ended December 31
 2021
 we recorded interest expense on convertible notes or $227
570
 compared to interest expense
of $490
548 during the year ended December 31
 2019. During the year ended December 31
 2020
 we recorded interest expense related
to the amortization of debt discounts totaling $49
450 compared to $17
347 during the year ended December 31
 2019.



    
    

Net
loss from continuing operations

We
incurred a net loss from continuing operations of $566
221
 or $0.00 per share
 for the year ended December 31
 2020
 compared
to a net loss of $965
686
 or $0.00 per share
 for the year ended December 31
 2019.

The
weighted average number of basic and fully diluted shares outstanding for the year ended December 31
 2020 was 9
259
486
613
compared to 8
833
435
867 for the year ended December 31
 2019. There are no dilutive equivalents included in our calculation
of fully diluted shares for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 since their inclusion would be anti-dilutive due to our
net loss per share.

Liquidity
and Capital Resources

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates
among other things
 the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business.

The
Company sustained a net loss of $566
221 for the year ended December 31
 2020. Because of the absence of positive cash flows from
operations
 the Company requires additional funding to execute upon its Plan of Operation. These factors raise substantial doubt
about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.

We
are presently unable to meet our obligations as they come due. At December 31
 2020
 we had $111 in assets and a working capital
deficit of $5
583
345. Our working capital deficit is largely due to the balance of our convertible notes payable and related
derivative liabilities.

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 we used net cash of $101
408 from our operating activities from continuing operations compared
to $55
669 cash used in our operating activities from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2019.

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 net cash provided by our financing activities from continuing operations was $101
500 compared
to $55
500 cash provided by or used in our financing activities from continuing operations for the year ended December 31
 2019.

We
anticipate that our cash requirements will arise from the need to fund our growth from operations
 pay current and prior period
obligations and future capital expenditures. The primary sources of funding in the near term for such requirements are expected
to be cash generated from raising additional funds by the issuance of convertible notes. However
 we can provide no assurances
that we will be able to generate sufficient cash flow or obtain additional financing on terms satisfactory to us if at all
 to
remain a going concern. Our continuation as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to
meet our obligations on a timely basis and ultimately to attain profitability. In addition
 our Plan of Operation for the next
twelve months is to raise capital to continue to expand our operations. We are presently engaged in capital raising activities
through one or more private offerings of our company&rsquo;s securities. See &ldquo;Note 2&ndash; Going Concern&rdquo; in our
financial statements for additional information as to the possibility that we may not be able to continue as a &ldquo;going concern.&rdquo;

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements

We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial
condition
 changes in financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital
resources that is material to investors.

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk

We
do not hold any derivative instruments and do not engage in any hedging activities.

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data






ROGUE
ONE INC.

CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

DECEMBER
31
 2020 AND DECEMBER 31
 2019


    
    



Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Rogue One
 Inc.

Opinion
on the Financial Statements

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Rogue One
 Inc. as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the related statements
of operations
 stockholders' equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for the years then ended
 and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the &quot;financial statements&quot;). In our opinion
 the financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for
the years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.

Basis
for Opinion

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (&quot;PCAOB&quot;) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the
U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit
to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error
or fraud. The Company is not required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial
reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not
for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting.
Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to
error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Substantial
Doubt about the Company&rsquo;s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the financial statements
 the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated
deficit. In addition
 the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described
in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


/S/
BF Borgers CPA PC
BF
Borgers CPA PC

We
have served as the Company's auditor since 2018
Lakewood
CO
April
21
 2021

    
    





ROGUE
ONE
 INC.
Consolidated
Balance Sheets



    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
165
466
165
466

    
1
555
862
1
232
927


 current
1
559
803
1
515
178

    
2
298
820
2
191
745

    
    
17
500

    
4
505
    

    
5
583
456
5
122
971


 net
    
    

    
5
583
456
5
122
971

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


 $0.00001 par value. 69
999
990 shares authorized; 10
000
000 shares
    
    


 2020 and 2019
 respectively
    
    


 $0.00001 par value. 1 share authorized; 0 and 1 shares
    
    


 2020 and 2019
 respectively
    
    


 $0.00001 par value. 50 shares authorized; 24 and 12 shares
    
    


 2020 and 2019
 respectively
    
    


 $0.00001 par value. 11
000
000
000 shares authorized; 10
192
519
400 and 8
638
186
067 shares
    
    


 2020 and 2019
 respectively
101
925
86
382

    
8
984
757
8
894
472

    
(14
670
127
(14
103
906

    
(5
583
345
(5
122
952

    
    
    





    
    



ROGUE
ONE
 INC.
Consolidated
Statements of Operations


    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
60
000
60
000

    
72
169
21
055

    
131
457
51
350

    
    
8
850

    
263
626
141
255

    
(263
626
(141
255

    
    
    

    
(129
961
    

    
104
386
(292
536

    
    
(24
000


 net
(277
020
(507
895

    
(302
595
(824
431

    
(566
221
(965
686

    
    
    

    
(566
221
(965
686

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
9
259
486
613
8
833
435
867





    
    




ROGUE
ONE
 INC.
Consolidated
Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity



    
    
    
    
    
    
                                                                                
    
    
                                                                                

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2018
10
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
8
809
999
998
88
100
8
830
754
(13
138
220
(4
219
266

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(965
686
(965
686

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(361
813
931
(3
618
27
618
    
24
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
190
000
000
1
900
36
100
    
38
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2019
10
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
8
638
186
067
86
382
8
894
472
(14
103
906
(5
122
952

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(566
221
(566
221

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
870
000
000
8
700
(8
700
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
17
500
    
17
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
153
333
333
1
533
18
467
    
20
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
200
000
000
2
000
38
000
    
40
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
398
    
18
398

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
331
000
000
3
310
6
620
    
9
930

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 December 31
 2020
10
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
10
192
519
400
101
925
8
984
757
(14
670
127
(5
583
345





    
    



ROGUE
ONE
 INC.
Consolidated
Statements of Cash Flows



    
    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(566
221
(965
686

    
    
    

    
49
450
17
347

    
40
000
    

    
129
961
    

    
(104
386
292
536

    
    
24
000

    
    
    

    
345
438
576
109

    
4
350
    

    
(101
408
(55
669

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
20
000
38
000

    
81
500
17
500

    
101
500
55
500

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
9
930
    

    
17
500
    

    
18
398
    

    
    
96
000





    
    




ROGUE
ONE
 INC.
NOTES
TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Years
Ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

NOTE
1 &ndash; NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Nature
of Business

Rogue
One
 Inc. (&ldquo;Rogue One&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) is a consumer products and marketing company focused on the high-margin
multi-trillion-dollar alcoholic beverages sector.

On June
27
 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&quot;CEN&quot;) and Rogue One executed an asset purchase agreement whereby
the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&quot;Giddy&quot;). As consideration
the Company agreed to exchange 4
719
760

 2018
 the Company completed the
distribution of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. On December 7
 2020
the Company and Giddy entered into a Settlement Agreement
 Waiver and Release of Claims whereby each party warranted and represented
that they sought to fully and mutually rescind the purchase agreement dated June 27
 2017 and
 in so doing
 for Giddy to acquire
the assets previously sold and
 at the same time
 for each of the parties to waive and release all claims
 both known and unknown
and to indemnify and hold all other parties harmless. In addition
 the parties agreed to enter into an exclusive licensing agreement
for the Giddy Up brand in the category of alcoholic beverages.


 2020
 the Company entered
into a Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with Human Brands International
 Inc.
 a private corporation organized pursuant
to the laws of the State of Nevada (&ldquo;Human Brands&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which
 at the effective time
 Human Brands shareholders
will exchange 100% of the equity in Human Brands in exchange for a majority controlling interest in the Company. Human Brands operating
divisions currently own and manage over 250
000 agave plants
 several premium spirit brands
 and hold exclusive import and export
rights for a variety of spirit brands. Its core foundation is built upon its bulk tequila production operations. Human Brands currently
has supply contracts with well-known tequila brands
 celebrities and athletes.

Going
Concern

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern
 which
contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month
period following the date of these financial statements. On a consolidated basis
 the Company has incurred significant operating
losses since its inception.

Because
the Company does not expect that existing operational cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations
 this
raises substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore
 the Company will need to
raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically
 the Company has raised capital
through the issuance of convertible debt as a measure to finance working capital needs. The Company will be required to continue
to do so until such time that its consolidated operations become profitable.

Basis
of Presentation

The
Company uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&ldquo;US
GAAP&rdquo;). The Company has adopted a December 31 fiscal year-end.

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Rogue One Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul
Inc. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated upon consolidation.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical
experience
 known or expected trends and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable given the quality of information
available as of the date of these financial statements. The results of these assumptions provide the basis for making estimates
about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ
from these estimates.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Rogue
One Inc. considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company places
its cash with a high credit quality financial institution. The Company&rsquo;s account at this institution is insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (&ldquo;FDIC&rdquo;) up to $250
000. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company
did not have bank balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial
institution
 the Company evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits.&nbsp;

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
Company&rsquo;s financial instruments are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates
that approximate prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.



    
    

Goodwill
and Intangible Assets

Goodwill
represents the future economic benefit arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately
of
the potential expanded market opportunity with new customers. Intangible assets have either an identifiable or indefinite useful
life. Intangible assets with identifiable useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their economic or legal life
whichever is shorter.

Goodwill
and indefinite-lived assets are not amortized but are subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more frequent
assessments. The Company performs an annual impairment assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year and more
frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than the carrying
amount. Goodwill impairment testing is a two-step process performed at the reporting unit level. Step one compares the fair value
of the reporting unit to its carrying amount. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by considering both the income
approach and market approaches. The fair values calculated under the income approach and market approaches are weighted based
on circumstances surrounding the reporting unit. Under the income approach
 the Company determines fair value based on estimated
future cash flows of the reporting unit
 which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing
and risk of cash flows. For the discount rate
 the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach
 which includes
an assessment of the risk-free interest rate
 the rate of return from publicly traded stocks
 the Company&rsquo;s risk relative
to the overall market
 the Company&rsquo;s size and industry and other Company-specific risks. Other significant assumptions used
in the income approach include the terminal value
 growth rates
 future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital
requirements. The market approaches use key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public
market. If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting
unit&rsquo;s carrying amount exceeds its fair value
 then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
if any. Step two calculates the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net
assets of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step
 the fair value
of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the reporting unit&rsquo;s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price
allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair
value of goodwill
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess.

Determining
the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions
 including
revenue growth rates
 strategic plans
 and future market conditions
 among others. There can be no assurance that the Company&rsquo;s
estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the goodwill impairment testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future.
Changes in assumptions and estimates could cause the Company to perform an impairment test prior to scheduled annual impairment
tests scheduled in the fourth quarter.

As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company did not have any goodwill or indefinite-lived assets.

Net
Income (Loss) per Common Share

Net
income (loss) per share is calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &ldquo;Earnings per Share.&rdquo; Basic net income (loss)
per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019.
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company&rsquo;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the
basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company
had convertible notes outstanding that could be converted into approximately 17
143
852
891 and 23
377
136
247 common shares based
up the closing bid price of the company&rsquo;s common stock at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Shares which would result
from the conversion of the convertible notes were excluded from the calculation of net loss per share for 2020 and 2019 because
the effect would be anti-dilutive.

Share-Based
Compensation

ASC
718
 Compensation &ndash; Stock Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment
transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to
issue shares
 options
 and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights.
Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the
period
during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
 known as the requisite service period
(usually the vesting period).

    
    



On
June 20
 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-07 which simplifies the accounting for share-based payments granted to nonemployees for
goods and services. Under the ASU
 most of the guidance on such payments to nonemployees would be aligned with the requirements
for share-based payments granted to employees. Equity classified share-based payments for employees was fixed at the time of grant.
Equity-classified nonemployee share-based payment awards are measured at the grant date of the award which is the same as share-based
payments for employees. The Company adopted the requirements of the new rule as of January 1
 2019
 the effective date of the
new guidance.

No
share-based expenses were recorded for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.

Income
Taxes

The
Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &ldquo;Accounting for Income Taxes
&rdquo; which requires
among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between
the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities

A
valuation allowance is provided to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not
that the net deferred asset will not be realized.

The
Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns
are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while
others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately
sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements
in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position
will be sustained upon examination
 including the&nbsp;resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken
are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are
measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable
taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described
above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated
interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions
will be highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.

The
Company has adopted ASC 740-10-25 Definition of Settlement
 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether
a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a
tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.
For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position
is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations
remains open. Management has not filed tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2014 through 2020.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

Except
for rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under the authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered
standards
 the FASB Accounting Standards Codification&trade; (&ldquo;ASC&rdquo;) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature
recognized by the FASB and applicable to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes
any effect will not have a material impact on the Company&rsquo;s present or future financial statements.&nbsp;

In
December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740)
 which enhances and simplifies various aspects of the income
tax accounting guidance
 including requirements such as tax basis step-up in goodwill obtained in a transaction that is not a
business combination
 ownership changes in investments
for
enacted changes in tax law. The amendment will be effective for public companies with fiscal years beginning after December 15
2020; early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of this amendment on its consolidated financial statements.


In
February 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-02
 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) and Leases (Topic 842) - Amendments
to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 119 and Update to SEC Section on Effective Date Related to Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 which amends the effective date of the original pronouncement for smaller reporting
companies. ASU 2016-13 and its amendments will be effective for the Company for interim and annual periods in fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2022. The Company believes the adoption will modify the way the Company analyzes financial instruments
 but
it does not anticipate a material impact on results of operations. The Company is in the process of determining the effects adoption
will have on its consolidated financial statements



    
    

NOTE
2 &ndash; GOING CONCERN

The
Company&rsquo;s consolidated financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal
course of business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating cost and
allow it to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company
obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital
it could be forced to cease operations.

The
Company incurred a net loss of $566
221 for the year ended December 31
 2020 and a working capital deficit of $5
583
345 at December
31
 2020. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern.

In
order to continue as a going concern
 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&rsquo;s
plan to obtain such resources for the Company include
 obtaining debt or equity capital from various&nbsp;lenders
 institutions
and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses. However
 management cannot provide any assurance
that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans.

There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds
 if available
will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. In addition
 profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues
received from business operations. However
 there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue
as a going concern.



NOTE
3 &ndash;NOTES PAYABLE

Convertible
Notes Payable

The
following tables set forth the components of the Company&rsquo;s convertible notes from continuing operations at December 31
2020 and December 31
 2019:



    




    

    
1
595
553
1
515
178
    

    
(35
750
    
    


 net
1
559
803
1
515
178
    


The
following table sets forth a summary of change in our convertible notes payable for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019:



Beginning balance
 January
    1
 2019
    
    
1
515
178
    

Issuance of new
    convertible notes
    
    
    
    

Increase in principal
    amounts outstanding due to lender adjustments per terms of the note agreements
    
    
    
    

Conversion of
    principal amounts outstanding into common stock of the Company
    
    
    
    

Ending balance December 31
 2019
    
    
1
515
178
    

Issuance of new
    convertible notes
    
    
85
200
    

Increase in principal
    amounts outstanding due to lender adjustments per terms of the note agreements
    
    
    
    

Conversion of
    principal amounts outstanding into common stock of the Company
    
    
(4
825
    

Ending balance December 31
 2020
    
    
1
595
553
    


On
January 28
 2014
 the Company converted $11
000 of a $22
000 convertible note to 24
445 common shares. The note had been purchased
from a former officer of the Company based on the contractual conversion terms per agreement. The balance of this note was $8
263
at December 31
 2020.

On
January 5
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $20
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of
January 5
 2016. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion price
is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to a third
party on August 21
 2015 and the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of
August 20
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price
is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this
note was $20
000 at December 31
 2020.

On
January 26
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of
January 26
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than
$0.0001. The balance of this note was $28
000 at December 31
 2020.

On
February 10
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of
February 10
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The balance of this note
was $3
600 at December 31
 2020.



    
    

On
February 10
 2015
 its holder sold dated June 30
 2014 a promissory note for $88
500 to a third-party investor and the terms of
the note were modified. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February 10
 2016. It can be converted into common
stock at a discount of 55% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the
date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The balance of this note was $64
445 at December 31
 2020.

On
February 13
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $50
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of
February 13
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to
a third party on August 21
 2015 and the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity
date of August 20
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of
this note was $52
966 at December 31
 2020.


On
March 17
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of
March 17
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price
is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001.
The balance of this note was $28
000 at December 31
 2020.


On March
27
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March 27
2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the
average closing bid price on the three (3) days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $11
000 at December
31
 2020.

On
April 1
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $12
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March
27
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a at a rate equivalent to the average closing bid price on the 3 days
prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $12
000 at December 31
 2020.

On
May 28
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $23
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of February
28
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note
was $23
000 at December 31
 2020.

On
August 7
 2015
 its holder sold two promissory notes aggregating $46
705 and originating in 2014 to a third-party investor and
the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August 6
 2017. It can be converted
into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid
prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $46
705 at December 31
 2020.

On
August 21
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $30
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of
August 21
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $30
000 at
December 31
 2020.

On
August 24
 2015
 the Company executed two (2) promissory notes
 each in the principal amount of $15
000
 for an aggregate $30
000.
The notes bear interest at 6% and have a maturity date of August 24
 2016. The notes can be converted into common stock at a discount
of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion.
The balance of these notes was $30
000 at December 31
 2020.

On
September 2
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $51
414. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date
of February 28
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of
this note was $51
414 at December 31
 2020.

On
September 4
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of
September 4
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price
is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this
note was $39
342 at December 31
 2020.

During
the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company received debt proceeds from the issuance of five convertible promissory notes aggregating
$99
500 to certain lenders. The Company has attempted with no avail to locate these note agreements and validate the sources of
these debt proceeds. It has exhausted all of its available resources in its efforts to locate these notes and note holders. As
such
 the Company has made certain assumptions in regard to the contractual terms associated with these notes
 which are consistent
with other convertible debt securities issued during the period. The balance of these notes was $99
500 at December 31
 2020.

On
January 1
 2018
 the Company executed three promissory notes aggregating $693
819 to settle a legal matter. See Note 9 &ndash;
Commitments and Contingencies. The notes bear interest at 12% and have a maturity date of July 10
 2018. The notes can be converted
into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest bid price during the 25
trading days prior to the date of conversion. On March 6
 2020
 one of the holders entered into a note purchase and assignment
agreement whereby $50
000 of note principal was sold to a third-party investor. The balance of these notes was $643
819 at December
31
 2020.

On
March 13
 2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $5
500. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity
date of March 13
 2020. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 50% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is equal to the lowest bid price during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was
$5
500 at December 31
 2020.



    
    

On
December 12
 2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $25
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity
date of December 12
 2020. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is equal to the lowest bid price during the five trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note
was $25
000 at December 31
 2020.

On
March 6
 2020
 as described above
 a third-party investor purchased $50
000 in note principal from an existing noteholder pursuant
to a note purchase and assignment agreement. On October 21
 2020
 the holder converted $4
825 in note principal and $4
605 in
accrued interest into 331
000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock. The balance of this note was $45
174 at December
31
 2020.

On April 3
2020
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $35
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of
December 31
 2020. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the lowest bid price during the 25 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $35
000
and remaining unamortized discount was $10

 2020

On May 26
2020
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of
February 26
 2021. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 50% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is equal to the lowest bid price during the 30 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was
$15
000 and remaining unamortized discount was $6

 2020

On June 8
2020
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $11
200. The note was issued with an original issue discount of $1
200
or an effective interest rate of 12%
 and has a maturity date of June 8
 2021. The note can be converted into common stock at
a discount of 50% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is equal to the lowest bid price during the 20 trading days
prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $11
200 and remaining unamortized discount was $4

31
 2020

On August
12
 2020
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $24
000. The note was issued with an original issue discount of
$2
500
 or an effective interest rate of 11.6%
 and has a maturity date of August 12
 2021. The note can be converted into common
is equal to
the lowest bid price during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $24
000 and remaining
unamortized discount was $14

 2020

As
of December 31
 2020
 most of the Company&rsquo;s convertible promissory notes were in default of payment per the terms of their
contractual maturity dates. To the best of its knowledge
 the Company has not received any formal notices of default
 demands
for payment or other forms of claim as a result of these defaults. The Company is accruing interest on these convertible promissory
notes at default rates ranging between 12% and 24%.

All
of the convertible notes were analyzed at the time of their issuance for derivative accounting consideration. In some instances
the Company concluded that a derivative liability existed. The derivative liabilities were measured using the commitment-date
stock price. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company determined that the fair value of these derivative liabilities totaled
$2
298
820 and $2
191
745
 respectively.

The
value of the derivative liabilities was determined using the following Black-Scholes methodology:



    
    
For
    the Years Ended
    

    
    
December&nbsp;31

        
    
    
December&nbsp;31

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    dividend yield (1)&nbsp;
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Risk-free interest
    rate (2)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected volatility
    (3)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected life
    (in years)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
The Company has no history
    or expectation of paying cash dividends on its common stock.

    
The risk-free interest rate is based on the
    U.S. Treasury yield for a term consistent with the expected life of the promissory notes in effect at the time of issuance.

    
The volatility of the Company&rsquo;s common
    stock is based on trading activity for the previous contractual term ended at each promissory note issuance date.




    
    


A portion of this amount is
recorded as a debt discount and is amortized as interest expense over the term of the related convertible debentures. The remaining
debt discounts associated with these beneficial conversion features was $35
750 and $0 respectively as of December 31
 2020 and
2019. The related amortization expense was $49
450 and $17
347 for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. See
Note 6 &ndash; Fair Value Measurements for additional details.


During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company converted
 upon receiving formal notices from its noteholders
 $4
825 in note principal
plus accrued interest totaling $4
605
 into 331
000
000 shares of common stock. No shares of common stock were issued in connection
with the conversion of notes payable or accrued interest during the year ended December 31
 2019.

At
December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the number of shares of common stock underlying these convertible debentures totaled 17
143
852
891
and 23
377
136
247 shares
 respectively.

Promissory
Notes Payable

On
November 21
 2019
 the Company issued a promissory note for gross proceeds of $17
500. The note bears interest at 5.0% per annum
and is payable at the earlier of (i) 60 days or (ii) upon demand. On December 31
 2020
 the note
 plus $898 in accrued interest
was exchanged for 2 shares of the Company&rsquo;s Series E convertible preferred stock. At the time of the exchange
 all amounts
due under the note were deemed to be paid-in-full and the note was cancelled.

NOTE
4 &ndash; STOCKHOLDERS&rsquo; DEFICIT

Series
A Preferred Stock

On
October 13
 2020
 in a resolution signed by the Board of Directors and Series A Preferred Stockholders
 the Company reduced its
authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock from 69
999
990 shares authorized to 10
000
total
authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock with a par value $0.00001. At&nbsp;December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had 10
000
000
shares of its Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding. The majority of the Series A preferred stock entitles the stockholders
to 67% overall voting rights.

Series
D Preferred Stock

In
April 2018
 the Company designated and issued one (1) share of its preferred stock as &ldquo;Series D&rdquo;. The share is convertible
into 8.70% of the Company&rsquo;s then outstanding common stock
 but no less than 850
000
000 shares of common stock subject to
the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent. The holder is entitled to vote with the Company&rsquo;s common stockholders
entitled to dividends
 and certain liquidation rights. The Company
 with the holder&rsquo;s consent
 may redeem the preferred
share.

On
June 15
 2020
 the Company issued 870
000
000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of the share of Series D preferred stock.

Series
E Preferred Stock

On
September 17
 2019
 the Company issued 12 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock to six stockholders in exchange for 361
813
930
shares of common stock. Each share of Series convertible preferred stock is convertible into 40
000
000 shares of common stock.
As a result
 the Company recorded a charge of $24
000 for the net fair value of the consideration issued to the stockholders.

On
May 12
 2020
 the Company issued 8 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock to Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 its chief executive officer
valued at $17
500 in accordance with terms of his employment agreement. Each share of Series convertible preferred stock is convertible
into 40
000
000 shares of common stock.

On
November 20
 2020
 the Company issued 2 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock in connection with a private offering.


On
December 31
 2020
 the Company issued 2 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock in exchange for a $17
500 promissory note
plus $898 in accrued interest. At the time of the exchange
 all amounts due under the note were deemed to be paid-in-full and
the note was cancelled.



    
    

Common
Stock

The
authorized common stock of the Company consists of 9
000
000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. At&nbsp;December 31
 2020 and
2019
 the Company had 10
192
519
400 and 8
638
186
067 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding
 respectively.

Common
Stock Issued in Private Placements

On
November 20
 2020
 the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company
sold 20
000
000 shares of common stock and 2 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock for gross proceeds of $10
000.

On
December 4
 2020
 the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company
sold 133
333
333 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $10
000.

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company sold 190
000
000 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $38
000 to accredited
investors in private placements.

Common
Stock Issued in Exchange for Consulting
 Professional and Other Services

On
August 11
 2020
 the Company issued 200
000
000 shares of common stock to contractors for services rendered.

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company issued 240
000
000 shares of common stock valued at $48
000 to contractors for fees
and services rendered.

Common
Stock Issued in Connection with the Conversion of Notes and Accrued Interest Payable

On
October 21
 2020
 the Company issued 331
000
000 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of $4
825 in note principal
and $4
605 in accrued interest.

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 the company issued 1
071
819
813 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of
$17
369 in principal and $41
581 in accrued interest related to its convertible promissory notes.

These
issuances were exempt from registration under rule 144.

NOTE
5 &ndash; INCOME TAXES

As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $14.7 million that may be available to
reduce our tax liability through tax year 2038. We estimate the benefits of this loss carry forward at $3.1 million if the Company
produces sufficient taxable income. No adjustments to the financial statements have been recorded for this potential tax benefit.&nbsp;The
Company has no provisions from income tax in 2020
 due to current period losses and full valuation allowance on deferred tax assets.

A
reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 21% to the Company&rsquo;s effective tax rate is as follows:



    
    
    

    
(118
906
(180
604


 net of federal benefit
(26
839
(40
765

    
145
745
221
369

    
    
    


The
cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of 21% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as
of December 31
 2020 and 2019:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
080
727
2
939
630

    
(3
080
727
(2
939
630

    
    
    


Tax
net operating loss carryforwards may be limited pursuant to the IRS Section 382 in the event of certain ownership changes.



    
    

NOTE
6 &ndash; FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The
Company has adopted the guidance under ASC Topic 820 for financial instruments measured on a fair value on a recurring basis.
ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest
priority to unobservable data and requires disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level
in the hierarchy. Further authoritative accounting guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820
 provides clarification that
in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active market for the identical liabilities is not available
 a reporting entity
is required to measure fair value using one or more of the techniques provided for in this update.

The
standard describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of input
 of which the first two are considered observable and
the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value
 which are the following:

Level
1 &ndash; Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level
2 &ndash; Input other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets
of liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
market data for substantially the full term of the asset or liabilities.

Level
3 &ndash; Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of
the assets or liabilities.&nbsp;

Our
assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment
 and considers
factors specific to the asset or liability.

The
Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &ldquo;Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity&rdquo; and ASC 815
 &ldquo;Derivatives and Hedging&rdquo;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value
at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to
fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving
at the over- all fair value of the financial instruments. In addition
 the fair value of free-standing derivative instruments
such as warrant and option derivatives are valued using the Black-Scholes modes.

The
Company uses Level 3 inputs for its valuation methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value were
determined by using the Black Scholes option-pricing model based on various assumptions. The Company&rsquo;s derivative liabilities
are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results
of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives.

The
following table summarizes the change in the Company&rsquo;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December
31
 2019:



    
    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
    

    
    
    
    
    
Quoted prices
    in
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Active Markets
    for
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&nbsp;12/31/2019
    &nbsp;
    
    
(Level
    l)
    
(Level
    2)
    
    
&nbsp;(Level
    3)
    

Convertible
    promissory notes with embedded conversion option
    
    
2
191
745
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
191
745
    

    
    
    
2
191
745
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
191
745
    


The
following table summarizes the change in the Company&rsquo;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December
31
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
    

    
    
    
    
    
Quoted prices
    in
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Active Markets
    for
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&nbsp;12/31/2020
    &nbsp;
    
    
(Level
    l)
    
(Level
    2)
    
    
&nbsp;(Level
    3)
    

Convertible
    promissory notes with embedded conversion option
    
    
2
298
820
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
298
820
    

    
    
    
2
298
820
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
298
820
    



    
    


The
following table sets forth a summary of change in fair value of our derivative liabilities for the years ended December 31
 2020
and 2019:




 January 1
 2019
1
899
209

    
292
536

    
    


 December 31
 2019
2
191
745

    
(104
386

    
211
461


 December 31
 2020
2
298
820


NOTE
7 &ndash; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

On
May 1
 2017
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its chief executive officer
 Joe E. Poe
 Jr. Under the terms
of the agreement
 the Mr. Poe has the right to be issued one percent (1.0%) of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock on the date of his choosing. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company has accrued $17
500 in stock-based compensation
expense related to this provision.

On
September 23
 2020
 the Company entered into a Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with Human Brands International
 Inc.
a private corporation organized pursuant to the laws of the State of Nevada (&ldquo;Human Brands&rdquo;)
 pursuant to which
 at
the effective time
 Human Brands shareholders will exchange 100% of the equity in Human Brands in exchange for a majority controlling
interest in the Company. The agreement requires the Company to receive FINRA&rsquo;s approval of a reverse stock split of its
common stock. The agreement contains customary terms and conditions including completion of due diligence by the parties and approval
by a majority of the Company&rsquo;s shareholders and Human Brands shareholders.

NOTE
8 &ndash; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

In
accordance with FASB ASC 855-10 Subsequent Events
 the Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31
 2020 to
the date these consolidated financial statements were issued
 and has determined that it does not have any material subsequent
events to disclose in these consolidated financial statements
 except as follows:

On
January 20
 2021
Giddy Up Energy

000
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock in connection with
a settlement agreement
 waiver and release of claims dated December 7
 2020.

On
February 9
 2021
 the Company issued 35
000
000 shares of common stock to its officers and employees as compensation.

On
February 9
 2021
 the Company issued 200
000
000 shares of common stock to contractors for services rendered.

On
February 11
 2021
 the Company issued 120
000
000 shares of common stock to its Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 its chief executive officer
in connection with the conversion of three (3) shares of Series E convertible preferred stock.

On
February 18
 2021
 the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company
sold 83
333
334 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $50
000.

On
February 21
 2021
 the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company
sold 83
333
334 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $50
000.&nbsp;

On
March 1
 2021
 the Company issued 99
999
856 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of $4
849 in note principal
and $6
151 in accrued interest.

On
April 7
 2021 the Company effected a 1-for-100 reverse split which as preceded by a filing of an amendment to its Articles of
Incorporation that the Company completed with the Nevada Secretary of State on February 13
 2021. On April 7
 2021
 the Company
also amended its Articles of Incorporation to change its name to Rogue One
 Inc.

    
    




Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants and Financial Disclosure



Item
9A. Controls and Procedures

(a)
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

Our
management
 with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the&nbsp;
 as
amended (the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;))
 in connection with the preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 as of December
31
 2020.

Based
on the review described above
 our Chief Executive Officer determined that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective
as of the end of the period covered by this report.

(b)
Management&rsquo;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There
were no significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred subsequent to our evaluation of our
internal control over financial reporting for the period ended December 31
 2020 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably
likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.&nbsp;

Our
Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting under the supervision
of the President and Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Management
evaluated the design and operation of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31
 2020
 based on the framework
and criteria established in Internal Control &ndash; Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in May 2013
 and has concluded that such internal control over financial reporting were not
effective.

An
evaluation was performed
 under the supervision of
 and with the participation of
 our management
 including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company&rsquo;s disclosure controls
and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-(e) to the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation
our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 concluded that our disclosure controls and
procedures were not adequate and effective
 as of December 31
 2020
 to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us
in the reports that it files or submits under the&nbsp;
 is recorded
 processed
 summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the Commission&rsquo;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
 to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosure.

We
do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors
and all fraud. A control system
 no matter how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance that the objectives
of the system are met and cannot detect all deviations. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation
of control can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or deviations
 if any
 within the Company
have been detected.

This
report does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the company to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this report.



    
    

Item
9B. Other Information




PART
III

Item
10. Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance

Our
bylaws provide that our board of directors shall consist of at least one member and will be determined by resolution of our board
of directors. The number of members of our board of directors is currently one.

The
following table lists our directors and provides their respective ages and titles as of December 31
 2020.



    
    
    
    
    

Joe E. Poe
 Jr. (1)
    
    
    
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief
    Executive Officer

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


(1)
Effective May 4
 2017
 the Board approved by unanimous written consent the appointment of Mr. Joe E. Poe
 Jr. as Chief Executive
Officer and Chairman of the Board.

Executive
Summaries

Joe
E. Poe
 Jr.
 Chief Executive Officer and Director

Mr.
Poe has worked in the securities industry since 1987
 currently working in compliance of customer securities deposits. He currently
serves on several Charity Boards
 including Chairman of the Oklahoma City Pow Wow Club. Mr. Poe graduated from the University
of Texas at Austin in 1986
 where he was a member of its intercollegiate swimming team.

Ryan
Dolder
 Chief Financial Officer and Director

On
October 13
 2020
 the Company appointed Ryan Dolder
 age 43
 as its Chief Financial Officer and a member of its Board of Directors.

Mr.
Dolder has significant beverage industry experience
 having worked with leading international brands and bar/restaurant groups
responsible for managing
 purchasing and negotiating with global distributors. Amongst others
 he has held management positions
with both Rande Gerber&rsquo;s Midnight Oil Group
 which launched Casamigos Tequila with George Clooney
 and Bortz Entertainment
Group. Mr. Dolder founded Human Brands in 2014. He has a double major in marketing and computer science from the University of
Notre Dame.

Janon
Costley
 Chief Operating Officer and Director

On
October 13
 2020
 the Company appointed Janon Costley
 age 47
 as its Chief Operating Officer and a member of its Board of Directors.

Mr.
Costley brings more than two decades of experience in operations
 business development and sales and marketing. Initially starting
out in the fashion industry
 Mr. Costley worked with leading brands including Converse
 Sketchers
 FIFA
 MCM and Pony in both
supplier and licensing partner capacities. Mr. Costley co-founded The Brand Liaison
 which ultimately led him to the beverage
industry. He subsequently served as CEO of Village Tea Company
 founded Affinity Beverage Group
 STI Signature Spirits Group and
CapCity Beverage LLC.



    
    

Board
Committees

The
Board does not currently have any committees.

Term
of Office

Our
directors are appointed for a one-year term to hold office until the next annual general meeting of our shareholders or until
removed from office in accordance with our bylaws. Our officers are appointed by our Board and hold office until removed by the
Board.

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance

Section
&nbsp;requires our directors and executive officers and persons who own more
than 10 percent of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports
of ownership and reports of changes in ownership of our common stock and other equity securities. These Section 16 reporting persons
are required by Securities and Exchange Commission regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16 forms they file.&nbsp;

Item
11. Executive Compensation

The
following table sets forth compensation for each of the past three fiscal years with respect to each person who served as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company and each of the four most highly-compensated executive officers of the Company who earned a total
annual salary and bonuses that exceeded $100
000 in any of the two preceding fiscal years.



SUMMARY
    COMPENSATION TABLE
    

    
    Name and
    Principal
    Position
    
(b)
    Year
    
    
(c)
    Salary
    
    
(d)
    Bonus
    
    
    
    Stock
    Awards
    
    
(f)
    Option Awards
    
    
    
    Non-Equity
    Incentive
    Plan
    Compensation
    
    
    
Nonqualified
        Deferred Earnings
        
    
    
    
    All
    Other
    Compensation
    
    
    
    Total
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
60
000
    

Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 Chairman &amp; CEO
    
    
    
    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
850
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
68
850
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
60
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
8
650
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
68
650
    


Compensation
of Directors

Any
Director who also becomes our employee will receive no extra compensation for their service on our Board of Directors. Directors
may be compensated for out-of-pocket expenses associated with attending Board of Directors&rsquo; meetings.

Employment
Agreements

The
Company entered into an Employment Agreement with Joe E. Poe on May 1
 2017.

Any
Director who also becomes our employee will receive no extra compensation for their service on our Board of Directors. Directors
may be compensated for out-of-pocket expenses associated with attending Board of Directors&rsquo; meetings.

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters

The
following table sets forth information concerning the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock with respect to stockholders
who were known by us to be beneficial owners of more than 5% of our common stock as of December 31
 2020
 and our officers and
directors
 individually and as a group. Unless otherwise indicated
 the beneficial owner has sole voting and investment power
with respect to such shares of common stock.

    
    



Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (&ldquo;SEC&rdquo;) and generally
includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. In accordance with the SEC rules
 shares of our common stock which
may be acquired upon exercise of stock options or warrants which are currently exercisable or which become exercisable within
60 days of the date of the table are deemed beneficially owned by the optionees
 if applicable. Subject to community property
laws
 where applicable
 the persons or entities named below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of
our common stock indicated as beneficially owned by them.

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence

We
have not entered into any transactions nor are there any proposed transactions in which any of our Directors
 executive officers
stockholders or any member of their immediate family of any of the foregoing had or is to have a direct or indirect material interest.

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services

The
following table presents the aggregate fees billed by for services provided during our 2020 and 2019 fiscal years.



    
    
    

    
40
000
30
000

    
    
    

    
40
000
30
000


Audit
The fees identified under this caption were for professional services rendered in connection with the audit
of our annual financial statements and review of the financial statements included in our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. The
amounts also include fees for services that are normally provided by the independent public registered accounting firm in connection
with statutory and regulatory filings and engagements for the years identified.

Audit-Related
The fees identified under this caption were for assurance and related services that were related to the
performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and were not reported under the caption &ldquo;Audit Fees.&rdquo;
Audit-related fees consisted primarily of fees paid for Securities and Exchange Commission reporting matters and consents related
to our uniform franchise offering circulars.

Tax
Fees

Approval
Our audit committee approves in advance all services provided by our independent registered public accounting
firm. All engagements of our independent registered public accounting firm in fiscal years 2020 and 2019 were pre-approved by
Board of Directors.&nbsp;


PART
IV


Item
15. Exhibits
 Financial Statements
 Schedules



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    







    
    






Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the&nbsp;
 as amended
 the registrant has
duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.



    
ROGUE ONE INC.
 INC.

    
    
    

Date: April 21
 2021
    
/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
    


Pursuant
to the requirements of the&nbsp;
 as amended
 this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
    
    
    
April 21
 2021

Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
    
    
    
    




    
















     



CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO
18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

I
 Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 certify that:



    
I have
    reviewed this Form 10-K of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such disclosure
    controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure
    that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others
    within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    
    

    
    
All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
Any fraud
 whether
    or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s internal
    control over financial reporting.




Date:
April 21
 2021
By:
    
/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.




    

    
    
    















     



CERTIFICATION
OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER
PURSUANT
TO
18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

I
 Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 certify that:



    
I have
    reviewed this Form 10-K of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
    to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect
    to the period covered by this report;

    
    
    

    
Based
    on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
    material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods
    presented in this report;

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls
    and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as
    defined in Exchange Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such disclosure
    controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure
    that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others
    within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

    
    
    

    
    
Designed such internal
    control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
    to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
    for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

    
    
    

    
    
Evaluated the effectiveness
    of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
    of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

    
    
    

    
    
Disclosed in this
    report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
    most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially
    affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting;
    and

    
    
    

    
The
    registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
    over financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors
    (or persons performing the equivalent functions):

    
    
    

    
    
All significant
    deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
    likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
    and

    
    
    

    
    
Any
        fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
        internal control over financial reporting.
        




Date: April 21
 2021
    
/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.




    

    
    
    















     



CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

In connection
with this Annual Report of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31
 2020
 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 I
 joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 Principal Executive
Officer of the Company
 certify to the best of my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
Such Annual Report
    on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of
    the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
The information
    contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 fairly presents
 in all material
    respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Date: April 21
 2021
    
/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr. 

    
    
Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.




    

    
    
    















     



CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO
18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350

AS ADOPTED
PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

In connection
with this Annual Report of Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc. (the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;)
 on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31
 2020
 as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof
 I
 Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 Principal Financial
Officer of the Company
 certify to the best of my knowledge
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that:



    
    
Such Annual Report
    on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of
    the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

    
    
    

    
    
The information
    contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31
 2020
 fairly presents
 in all material
    respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.




Date: April 21
    2021
    
/s/
    Joe E. Poe
 Jr. 

    
    
Joe E. Poe
 Jr.

    
    
    

    
    
Fresh Promise Foods
 Inc.




    

    
    
    























        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        



      


      




          


          




      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Rogue One&amp;#8221; or the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) is a consumer products and marketing company focused on the high-margin

 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&amp;#34;CEN&amp;#34;) and Rogue One executed an asset purchase agreement whereby&#13;the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&amp;#34;Giddy&amp;#34;). As consideration
&#13;the Company agreed to exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On &lt;/font&gt;January 24
 2018
 the Company completed the&#13;distribution of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. On December 7
 2020
&#13;the Company and Giddy entered into a Settlement Agreement
 Waiver and Release of Claims whereby each party warranted and represented&#13;that they sought to fully and mutually rescind the purchase agreement dated June 27
 2017 and
 in so doing
 for Giddy to acquire&#13;the assets previously sold and
 at the same time
 for each of the parties to waive and release all claims
 both known and unknown
&#13;and to indemnify and hold all other parties harmless. In addition

 2020
 the Company entered into a Merger&#13;Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with Human Brands International
 Inc.
 a private corporation organized pursuant to the laws&#13;of the State of Nevada (&amp;#8220;Human Brands&amp;#8221;)
 pursuant to which
 at the effective time
 Human Brands shareholders will&#13;exchange 100% of the equity in Human Brands in exchange for a majority controlling interest in the Company. Human Brands operating&#13;divisions currently own and manage over 250
000 agave plants
 several premium spirit brands
 and hold exclusive import and export&#13;rights for a variety of spirit brands. Its core foundation is built upon its bulk tequila production operations. Human Brands&#13;currently has supply contracts with well-known tequila brands

 which&#13;contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month&#13;period following the date of these financial statements. On a consolidated basis

 this&#13;raises substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore
 the Company will need to&#13;raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically


000. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company&#13;did not have bank balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial&#13;institution


 the Company determines fair value based on estimated&#13;future cash flows of the reporting unit
 which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing&#13;and risk of cash flows. For the discount rate
 the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach
 which includes&#13;an assessment of the risk-free interest rate
 the rate of return from publicly traded stocks
 the Company&amp;#8217;s risk relative&#13;to the overall market
 the Company&amp;#8217;s size and industry and other Company-specific risks. Other significant assumptions used&#13;in the income approach include the terminal value
 growth rates
 future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital&#13;requirements. The market approaches use key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public&#13;market. If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting&#13;unit&amp;#8217;s carrying amount exceeds its fair value
 then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
&#13;if any. Step two calculates the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net&#13;assets of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step
 the fair value&#13;of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price&#13;allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair&#13;value of goodwill

 including&#13;revenue growth rates
 strategic plans
 and future market conditions

 2020

 &amp;#8220;Earnings per Share.&amp;#8221; Basic net income (loss)&#13;per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019.&#13;Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company&amp;#8217;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted&#13;weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the&#13;basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company&#13;had convertible notes outstanding that could be converted into approximately 17
143
852
891 and 23
377
136
247 common shares based&#13;up the closing bid price of the company&amp;#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2020 and 2019

 Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment&#13;transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to&#13;issue shares
 options
 and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights.&#13;Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the&#13;financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;period&#13;during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award

 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-07 which simplifies the accounting for share-based payments granted to nonemployees for&#13;goods and services. Under the ASU
 most of the guidance on such payments to nonemployees would be aligned with the requirements&#13;for share-based payments granted to employees. Equity classified share-based payments for employees was fixed at the time of grant.&#13;Equity-classified nonemployee share-based payment awards are measured at the grant date of the award which is the same as share-based&#13;payments for employees. The Company adopted the requirements of the new rule as of January 1
 2019


 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes
&amp;#8221; which requires
&#13;among other things

 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns&#13;are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while&#13;others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately&#13;sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements&#13;in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position&#13;will be sustained upon examination
 including the&amp;#160;resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken&#13;are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are&#13;measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable&#13;taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described&#13;above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated&#13;interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions&#13;will be highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such

 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether&#13;a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a&#13;tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.&#13;For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position&#13;is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations&#13;remains open. Management has not filed tax returns for the years ended December 31


 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740)
 which enhances and simplifies various aspects of the income&#13;tax accounting guidance
 including requirements such as tax basis step-up in goodwill obtained in a transaction that is not a&#13;business combination
 ownership changes in investments
 and interim-period accounting &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;for&#13;enacted changes in tax law. The amendment will be effective for public companies with fiscal years beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2020-02
 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) and Leases (Topic 842) - Amendments&#13;to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 119 and Update to SEC Section on Effective Date Related to Accounting&#13;Standards Update No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 which amends the effective date of the original pronouncement for smaller reporting&#13;companies. ASU 2016-13 and its amendments will be effective for the Company for interim and annual periods in fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15
 2022. The Company believes the adoption will modify the way the Company analyzes financial instruments



221 for the year ended December 31
 2020 and a working capital deficit of $5
583
345 at December&#13;31

 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&amp;#8217;s&#13;plan to obtain such resources for the Company include
 obtaining debt or equity capital from various&amp;#160;lenders
 institutions&#13;and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses. However

 if available
&#13;will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. In addition
 profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues&#13;received from business operations. However


&#13;2020 and December 31

&lt;br /&gt; 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 61%; text-align: justify&gt;Principal value of convertible notes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;1
595
553&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;1
515
178&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Unamortized loan discounts&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(35
750&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total convertible notes
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
559
803&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
515


 January&#13;    1

515


515




595

 2014
 the Company converted $11
000 of a $22
000 convertible note to 24
445 common shares. The note had been purchased&#13;from a former officer of the Company based on the contractual conversion terms per agreement. The balance of this note was $8
263&#13;at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $20
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of&#13;January 5
 2016. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion price&#13;is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to a third&#13;party on August 21
 2015 and the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of&#13;August 20
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price&#13;is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this&#13;note was $20
000 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of&#13;January 26
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion&#13;price is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than&#13;$0.0001. The balance of this note was $28
000 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of&#13;February 10
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion&#13;price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The balance of this note&#13;was $3
600 at December 31

 2015
 its holder sold dated June 30
 2014 a promissory note for $88
500 to a third-party investor and the terms of&#13;the note were modified. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February 10
 2016. It can be converted into common&#13;stock at a discount of 55% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the&#13;date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The balance of this note was $64
445 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $50
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of&#13;February 13
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion&#13;price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to&#13;a third party on August 21
 2015 and the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity&#13;date of August 20
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion&#13;price is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of&#13;this note was $52
966 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of&#13;March 17
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price&#13;is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001.&#13;The balance of this note was $28
000 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March 27
&#13;2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the&#13;average closing bid price on the three (3) days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $11
000 at December&#13;31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $12
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March&#13;27
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a at a rate equivalent to the average closing bid price on the 3 days&#13;prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $12
000 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $23
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of February&#13;28
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is&#13;the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note&#13;was $23
000 at December 31

 2015
 its holder sold two promissory notes aggregating $46
705 and originating in 2014 to a third-party investor and&#13;the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August 6
 2017. It can be converted&#13;into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid&#13;prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $46
705 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $30
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of&#13;August 21
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion&#13;price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $30
000 at&#13;December 31

 2015
 the Company executed two (2) promissory notes
 each in the principal amount of $15
000
 for an aggregate $30
000.&#13;The notes bear interest at 6% and have a maturity date of August 24
 2016. The notes can be converted into common stock at a discount&#13;of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion.&#13;The balance of these notes was $30
000 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $51
414. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date&#13;of February 28
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion&#13;price is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of&#13;this note was $51
414 at December 31

 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of&#13;September 4
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price&#13;is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this&#13;note was $39
342 at December 31

 2015
 the Company received debt proceeds from the issuance of five convertible promissory notes aggregating&#13;$99
500 to certain lenders. The Company has attempted with no avail to locate these note agreements and validate the sources of&#13;these debt proceeds. It has exhausted all of its available resources in its efforts to locate these notes and note holders. As&#13;such
 the Company has made certain assumptions in regard to the contractual terms associated with these notes
 which are consistent&#13;with other convertible debt securities issued during the period. The balance of these notes was $99
500 at December 31

 2018
 the Company executed three promissory notes aggregating $693
819 to settle a legal matter. See Note 9 &amp;#8211;&#13;Commitments and Contingencies. The notes bear interest at 12% and have a maturity date of July 10
 2018. The notes can be converted&#13;into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest bid price during the 25&#13;trading days prior to the date of conversion. On March 6
 2020
 one of the holders entered into a note purchase and assignment&#13;agreement whereby $50
000 of note principal was sold to a third-party investor. The balance of these notes was $643
819 at December&#13;31

 2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $5
500. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity&#13;date of March 13
 2020. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 50% off of the conversion price. The conversion&#13;price is equal to the lowest bid price during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was&#13;$5
500 at December 31

 2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $25
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity&#13;date of December 12
 2020. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion&#13;price is equal to the lowest bid price during the five trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note&#13;was $25
000 at December 31

 2020
 as described above
 a third-party investor purchased $50
000 in note principal from an existing noteholder pursuant&#13;to a note purchase and assignment agreement. On October 21
 2020
 the holder converted $4
825 in note principal and $4
605 in&#13;accrued interest into 331
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock. The balance of this note was $45
174 at December&#13;31

&#13;2020
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $35
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of&#13;December 31
 2020. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion&#13;price is the lowest bid price during the 25 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $35
000&#13;and remaining unamortized discount was $10
208 at &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;December 31

&#13;2020
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of&#13;February 26
 2021. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 50% off of the conversion price. The conversion&#13;price is equal to the lowest bid price during the 30 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was&#13;$15
000 and remaining unamortized discount was $6
875 at &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;December 31

&#13;2020
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $11
200. The note was issued with an original issue discount of $1
200
&#13;or an effective interest rate of 12%
 and has a maturity date of June 8
 2021. The note can be converted into common stock at&#13;a discount of 50% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is equal to the lowest bid price during the 20 trading days&#13;prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $11
200 and remaining unamortized discount was $4
667 at &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;December&#13;31

 2020
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $24
000. The note was issued with an original issue discount of&#13;$2
500
 or an effective interest rate of 11.6%
 and has a maturity date of August 12
 2021. The note can be converted into common&#13;stock at a discount of 50% off of the conversion price. The conversion price &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;is equal to&#13;the lowest bid price during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $24
000 and remaining&#13;unamortized discount was $14
000 at &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;December 31

 2020
 most of the Company&amp;#8217;s convertible promissory notes were in default of payment per the terms of their&#13;contractual maturity dates. To the best of its knowledge
 the Company has not received any formal notices of default

&#13;the Company concluded that a derivative liability existed. The derivative liabilities were measured using the commitment-date&#13;stock price. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company determined that the fair value of these derivative liabilities totaled&#13;$2
298
820 and $2
191
745



750 and $0 respectively as of December&#13;31
 2020 and 2019. The related amortization expense was $49
450 and $17
347 for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019

 2020
 the Company converted
 upon receiving formal notices from its noteholders
 $4
825 in note principal
&#13;plus accrued interest totaling $4
605
 into 331
000
000 shares of common stock. No shares of common stock were issued in connection&#13;with the conversion of notes payable or accrued interest during the year ended December 31

 2020 and 2019
 the number of shares of common stock underlying these convertible debentures totaled 17
143
852
891&#13;and 23
377
136
247 shares

 2019
 the Company issued a promissory note for gross proceeds of $17
500. The note bears interest at 5.0% per annum&#13;and is payable at the earlier of (i) 60 days or (ii) upon demand. On December 31
 2020
 the note
 plus $898 in accrued interest
&#13;was exchanged for 2 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s Series E convertible preferred stock. At the time of the exchange


 2020
 in a resolution signed by the Board of Directors and Series A Preferred Stockholders
 the Company reduced its&#13;authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock from 69
999
990 shares authorized to 10
000
000 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;total&#13;authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock with a par value $0.00001. At&amp;#160;December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had 10
000

 the Company designated and issued one (1) share of its preferred stock as &amp;#8220;Series D&amp;#8221;. The share is convertible&#13;into 8.70% of the Company&amp;#8217;s then outstanding common stock
 but no less than 850
000
000 shares of common stock subject to&#13;the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent. The holder is entitled to vote with the Company&amp;#8217;s common stockholders
&#13;entitled to dividends
 and certain liquidation rights. The Company
 with the holder&amp;#8217;s consent

 2020
 the Company issued 870
000

 2019
 the Company issued 12 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock to six stockholders in exchange for 361
813
930&#13;shares of common stock. Each share of Series convertible preferred stock is convertible into 40
000
000 shares of common stock.&#13;As a result
 the Company recorded a charge of $24

 2020
 the Company issued 8 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock to Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 its chief executive officer
&#13;valued at $17
500 in accordance with terms of his employment agreement. Each share of Series convertible preferred stock is convertible&#13;into 40
000

 2020

 2020
 the Company issued 2 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock in exchange for a $17
500 promissory note
&#13;plus $898 in accrued interest. At the time of the exchange

000
000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. At&amp;#160;December 31
 2020 and&#13;2019
 the Company had 10
192
519
400 and 8
638
186
067 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding

 2020
 the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company&#13;sold 20
000
000 shares of common stock and 2 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock for gross proceeds of $10

 2020
 the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company&#13;sold 133
333
333 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $10

 2019
 the Company sold 190
000
000 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $38


 2020
 the Company issued 200
000

 2019
 the Company issued 240
000
000 shares of common stock valued at $48

 2020
 the Company issued 331
000
000 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of $4
825 in note principal&#13;and $4

 2019
 the company issued 1
071
819
813 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of&#13;$17
369 in principal and $41


 2020
 the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $14.7 million that may be available to&#13;reduce our tax liability through tax year 2038. We estimate the benefits of this loss carry forward at $3.1 million if the Company&#13;produces sufficient taxable income. No adjustments to the financial statements have been recorded for this potential tax benefit.&amp;#160;The&#13;Company has no provisions from income tax in 2020

906&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;(180
604&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(26
839&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(40
765&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;145
745&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;221


080
727&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;2
939
630&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3
080
727&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
939


 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest&#13;priority to unobservable data and requires disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level&#13;in the hierarchy. Further authoritative accounting guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820
 provides clarification that&#13;in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active market for the identical liabilities is not available

 of which the first two are considered observable and&#13;the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value

 either directly or indirectly


 &amp;#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities&#13;from Equity&amp;#8221; and ASC 815
 &amp;#8220;Derivatives and Hedging&amp;#8221;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value&#13;at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to&#13;fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving&#13;at the over- all fair value of the financial instruments. In addition



191

191

191

191


298

298

298

298


 January 1

899


 December 31

191



 December 31

298


 2017
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its chief executive officer
 Joe E. Poe
 Jr. Under the terms&#13;of the agreement
 the Mr. Poe has the right to be issued one percent (1.0%) of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s&#13;common stock on the date of his choosing. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company has accrued $17

 2020
 the Company entered into a Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with Human Brands International
 Inc.
&#13;a private corporation organized pursuant to the laws of the State of Nevada (&amp;#8220;Human Brands&amp;#8221;)
 pursuant to which
 at&#13;the effective time


 the Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31
 2020 to&#13;the date these consolidated financial statements were issued
 and has determined that it does not have any material subsequent&#13;events to disclose in these consolidated financial statements

 2021
 the sellers of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Giddy Up Energy&#13;Products &lt;font style=background-color: white&gt;returned 200
000
000 shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock in connection with&#13;a settlement agreement
 waiver and release of claims dated December 7

 2021
 the Company issued 35
000

 2021
 the Company issued 200
000

 2021
 the Company issued 120
000
000 shares of common stock to its Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 its chief executive officer

 2021
 the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company&#13;sold 83
333
334 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $50

 2021
 the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company&#13;sold 83
333
334 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $50

 2021
 the Company issued 99
999
856 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of $4
849 in note principal&#13;and $6

 2021 the Company effected a 1-for-100 reverse split which as preceded by a filing of an amendment to its Articles of&#13;Incorporation that the Company completed with the Nevada Secretary of State on February 13
 2021. On April 7
 2021
 the Company&#13;also amended its Articles of Incorporation to change its name to Rogue One


 which&#13;contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month&#13;period following the date of these financial statements. On a consolidated basis

 this&#13;raises substantial doubt about the Company&amp;#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore
 the Company will need to&#13;raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically

    



000. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company&#13;did not have bank balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial&#13;institution

    


 the Company determines fair value based on estimated&#13;future cash flows of the reporting unit
 which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing&#13;and risk of cash flows. For the discount rate
 the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach
 which includes&#13;an assessment of the risk-free interest rate
 the rate of return from publicly traded stocks
 the Company&amp;#8217;s risk relative&#13;to the overall market
 the Company&amp;#8217;s size and industry and other Company-specific risks. Other significant assumptions used&#13;in the income approach include the terminal value
 growth rates
 future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital&#13;requirements. The market approaches use key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public&#13;market. If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting&#13;unit&amp;#8217;s carrying amount exceeds its fair value
 then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
&#13;if any. Step two calculates the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net&#13;assets of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step
 the fair value&#13;of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the reporting unit&amp;#8217;s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price&#13;allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair&#13;value of goodwill

 including&#13;revenue growth rates
 strategic plans
 and future market conditions

 2020


 &amp;#8220;Earnings per Share.&amp;#8221; Basic net income (loss)&#13;per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019.&#13;Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company&amp;#8217;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted&#13;weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the&#13;basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company&#13;had convertible notes outstanding that could be converted into approximately 17
143
852
891 and 23
377
136
247 common shares based&#13;up the closing bid price of the company&amp;#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2020 and 2019


 Compensation &amp;#8211; Stock Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment&#13;transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to&#13;issue shares
 options
 and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights.&#13;Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the&#13;financial statements based on their fair values. That expense is recognized over the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;period&#13;during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award

 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-07 which simplifies the accounting for share-based payments granted to nonemployees for&#13;goods and services. Under the ASU
 most of the guidance on such payments to nonemployees would be aligned with the requirements&#13;for share-based payments granted to employees. Equity classified share-based payments for employees was fixed at the time of grant.&#13;Equity-classified nonemployee share-based payment awards are measured at the grant date of the award which is the same as share-based&#13;payments for employees. The Company adopted the requirements of the new rule as of January 1
 2019



 &amp;#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes
&amp;#8221; which requires
&#13;among other things

 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns&#13;are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while&#13;others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately&#13;sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements&#13;in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position&#13;will be sustained upon examination
 including the&amp;#160;resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken&#13;are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are&#13;measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable&#13;taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described&#13;above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated&#13;interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions&#13;will be highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such

 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether&#13;a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a&#13;tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.&#13;For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position&#13;is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations&#13;remains open. Management has not filed tax returns for the years ended December 31



 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740)
 which enhances and simplifies various aspects of the income&#13;tax accounting guidance
 including requirements such as tax basis step-up in goodwill obtained in a transaction that is not a&#13;business combination
 ownership changes in investments
 and interim-period accounting &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-size: 10pt&gt;for&#13;enacted changes in tax law. The amendment will be effective for public companies with fiscal years beginning after December 15

 the FASB issued ASU 2020-02
 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) and Leases (Topic 842) - Amendments&#13;to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 119 and Update to SEC Section on Effective Date Related to Accounting&#13;Standards Update No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 which amends the effective date of the original pronouncement for smaller reporting&#13;companies. ASU 2016-13 and its amendments will be effective for the Company for interim and annual periods in fiscal years beginning&#13;after December 15
 2022. The Company believes the adoption will modify the way the Company analyzes financial instruments


&#13;2020 and December 31

&lt;br /&gt; 2020&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=font-weight: bold&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=font-weight: bold; text-align: center&gt;December 31
&lt;br /&gt; 2019&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 61%; text-align: justify&gt;Principal value of convertible notes&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;1
595
553&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 5%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;1
515
178&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;Unamortized loan discounts&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(35
750&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;&lt;font style=font: 10pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;(&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: justify; padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;Total convertible notes
 net&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
559
803&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 2.5pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 2.5pt double; text-align: right&gt;1
515


 January&#13;    1

515


515




595





906&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;(180
604&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: White&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left; padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(26
839&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=border-bottom: Black 1pt solid; text-align: right&gt;(40
765&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-bottom: 1pt; text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;145
745&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;221



080
727&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 8%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 12%; text-align: right&gt;2
939
630&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=width: 1%; text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: rgb(204,238,255)&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;Less: valuation allowance&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(3
080
727&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: left&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=text-align: right&gt;(2
939



191

191

191

191


298

298

298

298



 January 1

899


 December 31

191



 December 31

298

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    


    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    


    
    

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

 Inc. (&amp;#8220;Rogue One&amp;#8221; or the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) is a consumer products and marketing company focused on the high-margin

 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&amp;#34;CEN&amp;#34;) and Rogue One executed an asset purchase agreement whereby&#13;the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&amp;#34;Giddy&amp;#34;). As consideration
&#13;the Company agreed to exchange 4
719
760
108 shares of its common stock. On &lt;/font&gt;January 24
 2018
 the Company completed the&#13;distribution of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. On December 7
 2020
&#13;the Company and Giddy entered into a Settlement Agreement
 Waiver and Release of Claims whereby each party warranted and represented&#13;that they sought to fully and mutually rescind the purchase agreement dated June 27
 2017 and
 in so doing
 for Giddy to acquire&#13;the assets previously sold and
 at the same time
 for each of the parties to waive and release all claims
 both known and unknown
&#13;and to indemnify and hold all other parties harmless. In addition

 2020
 the Company entered into a Merger&#13;Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with Human Brands International
 Inc.
 a private corporation organized pursuant to the laws&#13;of the State of Nevada (&amp;#8220;Human Brands&amp;#8221;)
 pursuant to which
 at the effective time
 Human Brands shareholders will&#13;exchange 100% of the equity in Human Brands in exchange for a majority controlling interest in the Company. Human Brands operating&#13;divisions currently own and manage over 250
000 agave plants
 several premium spirit brands
 and hold exclusive import and export&#13;rights for a variety of spirit brands. Its core foundation is built upon its bulk tequila production operations. Human Brands&#13;currently has supply contracts with well-known tequila brands






















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      






      


      






      


      


      



 $0.00001 par value. 69
999
990 shares authorized; 10
000
0000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020 and 2019




 $0.00001 par value. 1 share authorized; 1 and zero shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020 and 2019




 $0.00001 par value. 50 shares authorized; 24 and 12 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020 and 2019




 $0.00001 par value. 11
000
000
000 shares authorized; 10
192
519
400 and 8
638
186
067 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020 and 2019



      


      


      


      


      



 Serieis A




 Serieis A




 Serieis A




 Serieis A




 Serieis D




 Serieis D




 Serieis D




 Serieis D




 Serieis E




 Serieis E




 Serieis E




 Serieis E



















      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      








      



















 preferred stock in connection with settlement of a legal matter




 preferred stock in connection with settlement of a legal matter











































      
















      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


















      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      

      




      




      

      

      

      

      

      

      




      




      




      

      

      




      

      

      







      







      




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 31
 2020
Apr. 19
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020













 INC.



























  2020






































































Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code



























































426
228



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



142
287

















































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019







































466


466





554
862


232
927



Convertible note payable
 current

559
803


515
178





298
820


191
745



Promissory notes payable
 current



500





505







583
456


122
971



Capital lease liability
 net








583
456


122
971

















Preferred stock - Series A
 $0.00001 par value. 69
999
990 shares authorized; 10
000
0000 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively






Preferred stock - Series D
 $0.00001 par value. 1 share authorized; 1 and zero shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively






Preferred stock - Series E
 $0.00001 par value. 50 shares authorized; 24 and 12 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively






Common stock
 $0.00001 par value. 11
000
000
000 shares authorized; 10
192
519
400 and 8
638
186
067 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively

925


382





984
757


894
472





670
127)


103
906)





583
345)


122
952)































































































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the portion of long-term debt due within one year or the operating cycle if longer identified as Convertible Notes Payable. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























The aggregate fair value amounts of derivative instruments that contain credit-risk-related contingent features that are in a net liability position at the end of the reporting period. For nonderivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments
 the fair value amounts are the carrying value of the nonderivative hedging instrument
 including the adjustment for the foreign currency transaction gain (loss) on that instrument.




























Amount payable to related parties classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019









Preferred Stock
 Serieis A
 par value






Preferred Stock
 Serieis A
 authorized

999
990


999
990



Preferred Stock
 Serieis A
 issued

000
000


000
000



Preferred Stock
 Serieis A
 outstanding

000
000


000
000



Preferred Stock
 Serieis D
 par value






Preferred Stock
 Serieis D
 authorized






Preferred Stock
 Serieis D
 issued






Preferred Stock
 Serieis D
 outstanding






Preferred Stock
 Serieis E
 par value






Preferred Stock
 Serieis E
 authorized






Preferred Stock
 Serieis E
 issued






Preferred Stock
 Serieis E
 outstanding






Common stock
 par value






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000
000


000
000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

192
519
400


638
186
067



Common stock
 shares outstanding

192
519
400


638
186
067













































































































































































































































































































































































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019







































000


000





169


055





457


350







850





626


255





626)


255)












961)







386


536)







000)



Interest expense
 net

020)


895)





595)


431)





221)


686)












221)


686)



















259
486
613


833
435
867
































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))

















































































































The aggregate total of expenses of managing and administering the affairs of an entity
 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)














































































































































Amount of expense for salary
 wage
 profit sharing; incentive and equity-based compensation; and other employee benefit.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Generally recurring costs associated with normal operations except for the portion of these expenses which can be clearly related to production and included in cost of sales or services. Includes selling
 general and administrative expense.

















































































































Amount of expense related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Beginning Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2018

000
000






809
999
998









Beginning Balance
 Value at Dec. 31
 2018







100


830
754


138
220)


219
266)















686)


686)



Issuance of common stock in connection with sales made under private or public offerings
 Shares







000
000









Issuance of common stock in connection with sales made under private or public offerings
 Value







900


100




000



Exchange of common stock for Series E preferred stock
 Shares







813
931)









Exchange of common stock for Series E preferred stock
 Value







618)


618




000



Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2019

000
000






638
186
067









Ending Balance
 Value at Dec. 31
 2019







382


894
472


103
906)


122
952)















221)


221)



Conversion of Series D preferred stock for common stock
 Shares







000
000









Conversion of Series D preferred stock for common stock
 Value







700


700)







Issuance of Series E preferred stock to an officer as compensation
 Shares
















Issuance of Series E preferred stock to an officer as compensation
 Value









500




500



Issuance of common stock in connection with sales made under private or public offerings
 Shares







333
333









Issuance of common stock in connection with sales made under private or public offerings
 Value







533


467




000



Issuance of common stock in exchange for fees and services rendered
 Shares







000
000









Issuance of common stock in exchange for fees and services rendered
 Value







000


000




000



Conversion of promissory note and accrued interest into Series E preferred stock
 Shares
















Conversion of promissory note and accrued interest into Series E preferred stock
 Value









398




398



Conversion of convertible debentures and accrued interest into common stock
 Shares







000
000









Conversion of convertible debentures and accrued interest into common stock
 Amount







310


620




930



Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2020

000
000






192
519
400









Ending Balance
 Value at Dec. 31
 2020







925


984
757


670
127)


583
345)















































































































































































































































































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Number of shares of stock issued as of the balance sheet date
 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











221)


686)












450


347





000







961







386)


536







000












438


109





350







408)


669)


























000


000





500


500





500


500






















































930







500







398









000

































































































































































































































































































Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.





















































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amount owed by the reporting entry in the form of loans and obligations (generally evidenced by promissory notes) made by the following types of related parties: a parent company and its subsidiaries; subsidiaries of a common parent; an entity and trust for the benefit of employees
 such as pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management
 an entity and its principal owners
 management
 or member of their immediate families
 affiliates
 or other parties with the ability to exert significant influence.
























































Amount of cash paid for interest
 including
 but not limited to
 capitalized interest and payment to settle zero-coupon bond attributable to accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount; classified as operating and investing activities.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The cash inflow from the issuance of a long-term debt instrument which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another security
 typically the entity's common stock
 at the option of the issuer or the holder.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
1 &#8211; NATURE OF BUSINESS AND SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES



Rogue
One
 Inc. (&#8220;Rogue One&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a consumer products and marketing company focused on the high-margin
multi-trillion-dollar alcoholic beverages sector.

On June
27
 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&#34;CEN&#34;) and Rogue One executed an asset purchase agreement whereby
the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&#34;Giddy&#34;). As consideration
the Company agreed to exchange 4
719
760

 2018
 the Company completed the
distribution of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. On December 7
 2020
the Company and Giddy entered into a Settlement Agreement
 Waiver and Release of Claims whereby each party warranted and represented
that they sought to fully and mutually rescind the purchase agreement dated June 27
 2017 and
 in so doing
 for Giddy to acquire
the assets previously sold and
 at the same time
 for each of the parties to waive and release all claims
 both known and unknown
and to indemnify and hold all other parties harmless. In addition
 the parties agreed to enter into an exclusive licensing agreement
for the Giddy Up brand in the category of alcoholic beverages.


 2020
 the Company entered into a Merger
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with Human Brands International
 Inc.
 a private corporation organized pursuant to the laws
of the State of Nevada (&#8220;Human Brands&#8221;)
 pursuant to which
 at the effective time
 Human Brands shareholders will
exchange 100% of the equity in Human Brands in exchange for a majority controlling interest in the Company. Human Brands operating
divisions currently own and manage over 250
000 agave plants
 several premium spirit brands
 and hold exclusive import and export
rights for a variety of spirit brands. Its core foundation is built upon its bulk tequila production operations. Human Brands
currently has supply contracts with well-known tequila brands
 celebrities and athletes.
Going
Concern

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern
 which
contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month
period following the date of these financial statements. On a consolidated basis
 the Company has incurred significant operating
losses since its inception.

Because
the Company does not expect that existing operational cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations
 this
raises substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore
 the Company will need to
raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically
 the Company has raised capital
through the issuance of convertible debt as a measure to finance working capital needs. The Company will be required to continue
to do so until such time that its consolidated operations become profitable.

Basis
of Presentation

The
Company uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;US
GAAP&#8221;). The Company has adopted a December 31 fiscal year-end.

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Rogue One Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul
Inc. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated upon consolidation.

Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical
experience
 known or expected trends and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable given the quality of information
available as of the date of these financial statements. The results of these assumptions provide the basis for making estimates
about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ
from these estimates.

Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Rogue
One Inc. considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company places
its cash with a high credit quality financial institution. The Company&#8217;s account at this institution is insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#8220;FDIC&#8221;) up to $250
000. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company
did not have bank balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial
institution
 the Company evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits.&#160;

Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
Company&#8217;s financial instruments are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates
that approximate prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.


Goodwill
and Intangible Assets

Goodwill
represents the future economic benefit arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately
of
the potential expanded market opportunity with new customers. Intangible assets have either an identifiable or indefinite useful
life. Intangible assets with identifiable useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their economic or legal life
whichever is shorter.

Goodwill
and indefinite-lived assets are not amortized but are subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more frequent
assessments. The Company performs an annual impairment assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year and more
frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than the carrying
amount. Goodwill impairment testing is a two-step process performed at the reporting unit level. Step one compares the fair value
of the reporting unit to its carrying amount. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by considering both the income
approach and market approaches. The fair values calculated under the income approach and market approaches are weighted based
on circumstances surrounding the reporting unit. Under the income approach
 the Company determines fair value based on estimated
future cash flows of the reporting unit
 which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing
and risk of cash flows. For the discount rate
 the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach
 which includes
an assessment of the risk-free interest rate
 the rate of return from publicly traded stocks
 the Company&#8217;s risk relative
to the overall market
 the Company&#8217;s size and industry and other Company-specific risks. Other significant assumptions used
in the income approach include the terminal value
 growth rates
 future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital
requirements. The market approaches use key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public
market. If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting
unit&#8217;s carrying amount exceeds its fair value
 then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
if any. Step two calculates the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net
assets of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step
 the fair value
of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the reporting unit&#8217;s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price
allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair
value of goodwill
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess.

Determining
the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions
 including
revenue growth rates
 strategic plans
 and future market conditions
 among others. There can be no assurance that the Company&#8217;s
estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the goodwill impairment testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future.
Changes in assumptions and estimates could cause the Company to perform an impairment test prior to scheduled annual impairment
tests scheduled in the fourth quarter.

As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company did not have any goodwill or indefinite-lived assets.

Net
Income (Loss) per Common Share

Net
income (loss) per share is calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &#8220;Earnings per Share.&#8221; Basic net income (loss)
per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019.
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company&#8217;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the
basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company
had convertible notes outstanding that could be converted into approximately 17
143
852
891 and 23
377
136
247 common shares based
up the closing bid price of the company&#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Shares which would result
from the conversion of the convertible notes were excluded from the calculation of net loss per share for 2020 and 2019 because
the effect would be anti-dilutive.

Share-Based
Compensation

ASC
718
 Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment
transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to
issue shares
 options
 and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights.
Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the
period
during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
 known as the requisite service period
(usually the vesting period).


On
June 20
 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-07 which simplifies the accounting for share-based payments granted to nonemployees for
goods and services. Under the ASU
 most of the guidance on such payments to nonemployees would be aligned with the requirements
for share-based payments granted to employees. Equity classified share-based payments for employees was fixed at the time of grant.
Equity-classified nonemployee share-based payment awards are measured at the grant date of the award which is the same as share-based
payments for employees. The Company adopted the requirements of the new rule as of January 1
 2019
 the effective date of the
new guidance.

No
share-based expenses were recorded for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.

Income
Taxes

The
Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes
&#8221; which requires
among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between
the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities

A
valuation allowance is provided to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not
that the net deferred asset will not be realized.

The
Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns
are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while
others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately
sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements
in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position
will be sustained upon examination
 including the&#160;resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken
are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are
measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable
taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described
above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated
interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions
will be highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.

The
Company has adopted ASC 740-10-25 Definition of Settlement
 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether
a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a
tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.
For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position
is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations
remains open. Management has not filed tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2014 through 2020.

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

Except
for rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under the authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered
standards
 the FASB Accounting Standards Codification&#8482; (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature
recognized by the FASB and applicable to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes
any effect will not have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s present or future financial statements.&#160;

In
December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740)
 which enhances and simplifies various aspects of the income
tax accounting guidance
 including requirements such as tax basis step-up in goodwill obtained in a transaction that is not a
business combination
 ownership changes in investments
for
enacted changes in tax law. The amendment will be effective for public companies with fiscal years beginning after December 15
2020; early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of this amendment on its consolidated financial statements.


In
February 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-02
 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) and Leases (Topic 842) - Amendments
to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 119 and Update to SEC Section on Effective Date Related to Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 which amends the effective date of the original pronouncement for smaller reporting
companies. ASU 2016-13 and its amendments will be effective for the Company for interim and annual periods in fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2022. The Company believes the adoption will modify the way the Company analyzes financial instruments
 but
it does not anticipate a material impact on results of operations. The Company is in the process of determining the effects adoption
will have on its consolidated financial statements



































The entire disclosure for the business description and accounting policies concepts.  Business description describes the nature and type of organization including but not limited to organizational structure as may be applicable to holding companies
 parent and subsidiary relationships
 business divisions
 business units
 business segments
 affiliates and information about significant ownership of the reporting entity. Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
2 &#8211; GOING CONCERN

The
Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements are prepared using accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America applicable to a going concern which contemplates the realization of assets and liquidation of liabilities in the normal
course of business. The Company has not yet established an ongoing source of revenues sufficient to cover its operating cost and
allow it to continue as a going concern. The ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is dependent on the Company
obtaining adequate capital to fund operating losses until it becomes profitable. If the Company is unable to obtain adequate capital
it could be forced to cease operations.

The
Company incurred a net loss of $566
221 for the year ended December 31
 2020 and a working capital deficit of $5
583
345 at December
31
 2020. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern.

In
order to continue as a going concern
 the Company will need
 among other things
 additional capital resources. Management&#8217;s
plan to obtain such resources for the Company include
 obtaining debt or equity capital from various&#160;lenders
 institutions
and significant stockholders sufficient to meet its minimal operating expenses. However
 management cannot provide any assurance
that the Company will be successful in accomplishing any of its plans.

There
is no assurance that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient additional funds when needed or that such funds
 if available
will be obtainable on terms satisfactory to the Company. In addition
 profitability will ultimately depend upon the level of revenues
received from business operations. However
 there is no assurance that the Company will attain profitability. The accompanying
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue
as a going concern.














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
3 &#8211;NOTES PAYABLE

Convertible
Notes Payable

The
following tables set forth the components of the Company&#8217;s convertible notes from continuing operations at December 31
2020 and December 31
 2019:



    




    

    
1
595
553
1
515
178
    

    
(35
750
    
    


 net
1
559
803
1
515
178
    


The
following table sets forth a summary of change in our convertible notes payable for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019:



Beginning balance
 January
    1
 2019
    
    
1
515
178
    

Issuance of new
    convertible notes
    
    
    
    

Increase in principal
    amounts outstanding due to lender adjustments per terms of the note agreements
    
    
    
    

Conversion of
    principal amounts outstanding into common stock of the Company
    
    
    
    

Ending balance December 31
 2019
    
    
1
515
178
    

Issuance of new
    convertible notes
    
    
85
200
    

Increase in principal
    amounts outstanding due to lender adjustments per terms of the note agreements
    
    
    
    

Conversion of
    principal amounts outstanding into common stock of the Company
    
    
(4
825
    

Ending balance December 31
 2020
    
    
1
595
553
    


On
January 28
 2014
 the Company converted $11
000 of a $22
000 convertible note to 24
445 common shares. The note had been purchased
from a former officer of the Company based on the contractual conversion terms per agreement. The balance of this note was $8
263
at December 31
 2020.

On
January 5
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $20
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of
January 5
 2016. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion price
is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to a third
party on August 21
 2015 and the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of
August 20
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price
is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this
note was $20
000 at December 31
 2020.

On
January 26
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of
January 26
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than
$0.0001. The balance of this note was $28
000 at December 31
 2020.

On
February 10
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of
February 10
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 55% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The balance of this note
was $3
600 at December 31
 2020.

On
February 10
 2015
 its holder sold dated June 30
 2014 a promissory note for $88
500 to a third-party investor and the terms of
the note were modified. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of February 10
 2016. It can be converted into common
stock at a discount of 55% off the conversion price. The conversion price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the
date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. The balance of this note was $64
445 at December 31
 2020.

On
February 13
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $50
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of
February 13
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 30% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001. This note was sold to
a third party on August 21
 2015 and the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity
date of August 20
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of
this note was $52
966 at December 31
 2020.


On
March 17
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $28
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of
March 17
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price
is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion
 but no less than $0.0001.
The balance of this note was $28
000 at December 31
 2020.


On March
27
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March 27
2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the
average closing bid price on the three (3) days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $11
000 at December
31
 2020.

On
April 1
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $12
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of March
27
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a at a rate equivalent to the average closing bid price on the 3 days
prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $12
000 at December 31
 2020.

On
May 28
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $23
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of February
28
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is
the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note
was $23
000 at December 31
 2020.

On
August 7
 2015
 its holder sold two promissory notes aggregating $46
705 and originating in 2014 to a third-party investor and
the terms of the notes were modified. The new note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of August 6
 2017. It can be converted
into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average of the three lowest bid
prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $46
705 at December 31
 2020.

On
August 21
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $30
000. The note bears interest at 6% and has a maturity date of
August 21
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $30
000 at
December 31
 2020.

On
August 24
 2015
 the Company executed two (2) promissory notes
 each in the principal amount of $15
000
 for an aggregate $30
000.
The notes bear interest at 6% and have a maturity date of August 24
 2016. The notes can be converted into common stock at a discount
of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the average closing bid price on the 3 days prior to the date of conversion.
The balance of these notes was $30
000 at December 31
 2020.

On
September 2
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $51
414. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date
of February 28
 2016. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of
this note was $51
414 at December 31
 2020.

On
September 4
 2015
 the Company executed a promissory note for $52
500. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity date of
September 4
 2017. It can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price
is the average of the three lowest bid prices during the 10 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this
note was $39
342 at December 31
 2020.

During
the year ended December 31
 2015
 the Company received debt proceeds from the issuance of five convertible promissory notes aggregating
$99
500 to certain lenders. The Company has attempted with no avail to locate these note agreements and validate the sources of
these debt proceeds. It has exhausted all of its available resources in its efforts to locate these notes and note holders. As
such
 the Company has made certain assumptions in regard to the contractual terms associated with these notes
 which are consistent
with other convertible debt securities issued during the period. The balance of these notes was $99
500 at December 31
 2020.

On
January 1
 2018
 the Company executed three promissory notes aggregating $693
819 to settle a legal matter. See Note 9 &#8211;
Commitments and Contingencies. The notes bear interest at 12% and have a maturity date of July 10
 2018. The notes can be converted
into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is the lowest bid price during the 25
trading days prior to the date of conversion. On March 6
 2020
 one of the holders entered into a note purchase and assignment
agreement whereby $50
000 of note principal was sold to a third-party investor. The balance of these notes was $643
819 at December
31
 2020.

On
March 13
 2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $5
500. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity
date of March 13
 2020. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 50% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is equal to the lowest bid price during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was
$5
500 at December 31
 2020.


On
December 12
 2018
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $25
000. The note bears interest at 8% and has a maturity
date of December 12
 2020. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 40% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is equal to the lowest bid price during the five trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note
was $25
000 at December 31
 2020.

On
March 6
 2020
 as described above
 a third-party investor purchased $50
000 in note principal from an existing noteholder pursuant
to a note purchase and assignment agreement. On October 21
 2020
 the holder converted $4
825 in note principal and $4
605 in
accrued interest into 331
000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock. The balance of this note was $45
174 at December
31
 2020.

On April 3
2020
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $35
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of
December 31
 2020. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 45% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is the lowest bid price during the 25 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $35
000
and remaining unamortized discount was $10

 2020

On May 26
2020
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $15
000. The note bears interest at 12% and has a maturity date of
February 26
 2021. The note can be converted into common stock at a discount of 50% off of the conversion price. The conversion
price is equal to the lowest bid price during the 30 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was
$15
000 and remaining unamortized discount was $6

 2020

On June 8
2020
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $11
200. The note was issued with an original issue discount of $1
200
or an effective interest rate of 12%
 and has a maturity date of June 8
 2021. The note can be converted into common stock at
a discount of 50% off of the conversion price. The conversion price is equal to the lowest bid price during the 20 trading days
prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $11
200 and remaining unamortized discount was $4

31
 2020

On August
12
 2020
 the Company issued a convertible promissory note for $24
000. The note was issued with an original issue discount of
$2
500
 or an effective interest rate of 11.6%
 and has a maturity date of August 12
 2021. The note can be converted into common
is equal to
the lowest bid price during the 20 trading days prior to the date of conversion. The balance of this note was $24
000 and remaining
unamortized discount was $14

 2020

As
of December 31
 2020
 most of the Company&#8217;s convertible promissory notes were in default of payment per the terms of their
contractual maturity dates. To the best of its knowledge
 the Company has not received any formal notices of default
 demands
for payment or other forms of claim as a result of these defaults. The Company is accruing interest on these convertible promissory
notes at default rates ranging between 12% and 24%.

All
of the convertible notes were analyzed at the time of their issuance for derivative accounting consideration. In some instances
the Company concluded that a derivative liability existed. The derivative liabilities were measured using the commitment-date
stock price. As of December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company determined that the fair value of these derivative liabilities totaled
$2
298
820 and $2
191
745
 respectively.

The
value of the derivative liabilities was determined using the following Black-Scholes methodology:



    
    
For
    the Years Ended
    

    
    
December&#160;31

        
    
    
December&#160;31

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    dividend yield (1)&#160;
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Risk-free interest
    rate (2)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected volatility
    (3)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected life
    (in years)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
The Company has no history
    or expectation of paying cash dividends on its common stock.

    
The risk-free interest rate is based on the
    U.S. Treasury yield for a term consistent with the expected life of the promissory notes in effect at the time of issuance.

    
The volatility of the Company&#8217;s common
    stock is based on trading activity for the previous contractual term ended at each promissory note issuance date.



A portion
of this amount is recorded as a debt discount and is amortized as interest expense over the term of the related convertible debentures.
The remaining debt discounts associated with these beneficial conversion features was $35
750 and $0 respectively as of December
31
 2020 and 2019. The related amortization expense was $49
450 and $17
347 for the year ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively.
See Note 6 &#8211; Fair Value Measurements for additional details.

During
the year ended December 31
 2020
 the Company converted
 upon receiving formal notices from its noteholders
 $4
825 in note principal
plus accrued interest totaling $4
605
 into 331
000
000 shares of common stock. No shares of common stock were issued in connection
with the conversion of notes payable or accrued interest during the year ended December 31
 2019.

At
December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the number of shares of common stock underlying these convertible debentures totaled 17
143
852
891
and 23
377
136
247 shares
 respectively.

Promissory
Notes Payable

On
November 21
 2019
 the Company issued a promissory note for gross proceeds of $17
500. The note bears interest at 5.0% per annum
and is payable at the earlier of (i) 60 days or (ii) upon demand. On December 31
 2020
 the note
 plus $898 in accrued interest
was exchanged for 2 shares of the Company&#8217;s Series E convertible preferred stock. At the time of the exchange
 all amounts
due under the note were deemed to be paid-in-full and the note was cancelled.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
4 &#8211; STOCKHOLDERS&#8217; DEFICIT

Series
A Preferred Stock

On
October 13
 2020
 in a resolution signed by the Board of Directors and Series A Preferred Stockholders
 the Company reduced its
authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock from 69
999
990 shares authorized to 10
000
total
authorized shares of Series A Preferred Stock with a par value $0.00001. At&#160;December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company had 10
000
000
shares of its Series A preferred stock issued and outstanding. The majority of the Series A preferred stock entitles the stockholders
to 67% overall voting rights.

Series
D Preferred Stock

In
April 2018
 the Company designated and issued one (1) share of its preferred stock as &#8220;Series D&#8221;. The share is convertible
into 8.70% of the Company&#8217;s then outstanding common stock
 but no less than 850
000
000 shares of common stock subject to
the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent. The holder is entitled to vote with the Company&#8217;s common stockholders
entitled to dividends
 and certain liquidation rights. The Company
 with the holder&#8217;s consent
 may redeem the preferred
share.

On
June 15
 2020
 the Company issued 870
000
000 shares of common stock upon the conversion of the share of Series D preferred stock.

Series
E Preferred Stock

On
September 17
 2019
 the Company issued 12 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock to six stockholders in exchange for 361
813
930
shares of common stock. Each share of Series convertible preferred stock is convertible into 40
000
000 shares of common stock.
As a result
 the Company recorded a charge of $24
000 for the net fair value of the consideration issued to the stockholders.

On
May 12
 2020
 the Company issued 8 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock to Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 its chief executive officer
valued at $17
500 in accordance with terms of his employment agreement. Each share of Series convertible preferred stock is convertible
into 40
000
000 shares of common stock.

On
November 20
 2020
 the Company issued 2 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock in connection with a private offering.


On
December 31
 2020
 the Company issued 2 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock in exchange for a $17
500 promissory note
plus $898 in accrued interest. At the time of the exchange
 all amounts due under the note were deemed to be paid-in-full and
the note was cancelled.


Common
Stock

The
authorized common stock of the Company consists of 9
000
000
000 shares with a par value $0.00001. At&#160;December 31
 2020 and
2019
 the Company had 10
192
519
400 and 8
638
186
067 shares of its common stock issued and outstanding
 respectively.

Common
Stock Issued in Private Placements

On
November 20
 2020
 the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company
sold 20
000
000 shares of common stock and 2 shares of Series E convertible preferred stock for gross proceeds of $10
000.

On
December 4
 2020
 the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company
sold 133
333
333 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $10
000.

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company sold 190
000
000 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $38
000 to accredited
investors in private placements.

Common
Stock Issued in Exchange for Consulting
 Professional and Other Services

On
August 11
 2020
 the Company issued 200
000
000 shares of common stock to contractors for services rendered.

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 the Company issued 240
000
000 shares of common stock valued at $48
000 to contractors for fees
and services rendered.

Common
Stock Issued in Connection with the Conversion of Notes and Accrued Interest Payable

On
October 21
 2020
 the Company issued 331
000
000 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of $4
825 in note principal
and $4
605 in accrued interest.

During
the year ended December 31
 2019
 the company issued 1
071
819
813 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of
$17
369 in principal and $41
581 in accrued interest related to its convertible promissory notes.

These
issuances were exempt from registration under rule 144.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
5 &#8211; INCOME TAXES

As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company had net operating loss carry forwards of approximately $14.7 million that may be available to
reduce our tax liability through tax year 2038. We estimate the benefits of this loss carry forward at $3.1 million if the Company
produces sufficient taxable income. No adjustments to the financial statements have been recorded for this potential tax benefit.&#160;The
Company has no provisions from income tax in 2020
 due to current period losses and full valuation allowance on deferred tax assets.

A
reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 21% to the Company&#8217;s effective tax rate is as follows:



    
    
    

    
(118
906
(180
604


 net of federal benefit
(26
839
(40
765

    
145
745
221
369

    
    
    


The
cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of 21% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as
of December 31
 2020 and 2019:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
080
727
2
939
630

    
(3
080
727
(2
939
630

    
    
    


Tax
net operating loss carryforwards may be limited pursuant to the IRS Section 382 in the event of certain ownership changes.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
6 &#8211; FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS

The
Company has adopted the guidance under ASC Topic 820 for financial instruments measured on a fair value on a recurring basis.
ASC Topic 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy
 giving the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets and the lowest
priority to unobservable data and requires disclosures for assets and liabilities measured at fair value based on their level
in the hierarchy. Further authoritative accounting guidance (ASU No. 2009-05) under ASC Topic 820
 provides clarification that
in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active market for the identical liabilities is not available
 a reporting entity
is required to measure fair value using one or more of the techniques provided for in this update.

The
standard describes a fair value hierarchy based on three levels of input
 of which the first two are considered observable and
the last unobservable
 that may be used to measure fair value
 which are the following:

Level
1 &#8211; Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level
2 &#8211; Input other than Level 1 that are observable
 either directly or indirectly
 such as quoted prices for similar assets
of liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable
market data for substantially the full term of the asset or liabilities.

Level
3 &#8211; Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of
the assets or liabilities.&#160;

Our
assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment
 and considers
factors specific to the asset or liability.

The
Company analyzes all financial instruments with features of both liabilities and equity under ASC 480
 &#8220;Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity&#8221; and ASC 815
 &#8220;Derivatives and Hedging&#8221;. Derivative liabilities are adjusted to reflect fair value
at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as adjustments to
fair value of derivatives. The effects of interactions between embedded derivatives are calculated and accounted for in arriving
at the over- all fair value of the financial instruments. In addition
 the fair value of free-standing derivative instruments
such as warrant and option derivatives are valued using the Black-Scholes modes.

The
Company uses Level 3 inputs for its valuation methodology for the embedded conversion option liabilities as their fair value were
determined by using the Black Scholes option-pricing model based on various assumptions. The Company&#8217;s derivative liabilities
are adjusted to reflect fair value at each period end
 with any increase or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results
of operations as adjustments to fair value of derivatives.

The
following table summarizes the change in the Company&#8217;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December
31
 2019:



    
    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
    

    
    
    
    
    
Quoted prices
    in
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Active Markets
    for
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&#160;12/31/2019
    &#160;
    
    
(Level
    l)
    
(Level
    2)
    
    
&#160;(Level
    3)
    

Convertible
    promissory notes with embedded conversion option
    
    
2
191
745
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
191
745
    

    
    
    
2
191
745
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
191
745
    


The
following table summarizes the change in the Company&#8217;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December
31
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
    

    
    
    
    
    
Quoted prices
    in
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Active Markets
    for
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&#160;12/31/2020
    &#160;
    
    
(Level
    l)
    
(Level
    2)
    
    
&#160;(Level
    3)
    

Convertible
    promissory notes with embedded conversion option
    
    
2
298
820
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
298
820
    

    
    
    
2
298
820
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
298
820
    



The
following table sets forth a summary of change in fair value of our derivative liabilities for the years ended December 31
 2020
and 2019:




 January 1
 2019
1
899
209

    
292
536

    
    


 December 31
 2019
2
191
745

    
(104
386

    
211
461


 December 31
 2020
2
298
820





































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
7 &#8211; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES

On
May 1
 2017
 the Company entered into an employment agreement with its chief executive officer
 Joe E. Poe
 Jr. Under the terms
of the agreement
 the Mr. Poe has the right to be issued one percent (1.0%) of the issued and outstanding shares of the Company&#8217;s
common stock on the date of his choosing. As of December 31
 2020
 the Company has accrued $17
500 in stock-based compensation
expense related to this provision.

On
September 23
 2020
 the Company entered into a Merger Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with Human Brands International
 Inc.
a private corporation organized pursuant to the laws of the State of Nevada (&#8220;Human Brands&#8221;)
 pursuant to which
 at
the effective time
 Human Brands shareholders will exchange 100% of the equity in Human Brands in exchange for a majority controlling
interest in the Company. The agreement requires the Company to receive FINRA&#8217;s approval of a reverse stock split of its
common stock. The agreement contains customary terms and conditions including completion of due diligence by the parties and approval
by a majority of the Company&#8217;s shareholders and Human Brands shareholders.












































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







NOTE
8 &#8211; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS

In
accordance with FASB ASC 855-10 Subsequent Events
 the Company has analyzed its operations subsequent to December 31
 2020 to
the date these consolidated financial statements were issued
 and has determined that it does not have any material subsequent
events to disclose in these consolidated financial statements
 except as follows:

On
January 20
 2021
Giddy Up Energy

000
000 shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock in connection with
a settlement agreement
 waiver and release of claims dated December 7
 2020.

On
February 9
 2021
 the Company issued 35
000
000 shares of common stock to its officers and employees as compensation.

On
February 9
 2021
 the Company issued 200
000
000 shares of common stock to contractors for services rendered.

On
February 11
 2021
 the Company issued 120
000
000 shares of common stock to its Joe E. Poe
 Jr.
 its chief executive officer
in connection with the conversion of three (3) shares of Series E convertible preferred stock.

On
February 18
 2021
 the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company
sold 83
333
334 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $50
000.

On
February 21
 2021
 the Company entered into a subscription agreement with an accredited investor pursuant to which the Company
sold 83
333
334 shares of common stock for gross proceeds of $50
000.&#160;

On
March 1
 2021
 the Company issued 99
999
856 shares of common stock in connection with the conversion of $4
849 in note principal
and $6
151 in accrued interest.

On
April 7
 2021 the Company effected a 1-for-100 reverse split which as preceded by a filing of an amendment to its Articles of
Incorporation that the Company completed with the Nevada Secretary of State on February 13
 2021. On April 7
 2021
 the Company
also amended its Articles of Incorporation to change its name to Rogue One
 Inc.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020









Rogue
One
 Inc. (&#8220;Rogue One&#8221; or the &#8220;Company&#8221;) is a consumer products and marketing company focused on the high-margin
multi-trillion-dollar alcoholic beverages sector.

On June
27
 2017
 Creative Edge Nutrition
 a Nevada corporation (&#34;CEN&#34;) and Rogue One executed an asset purchase agreement whereby
the Company purchased the assets and liabilities of CEN's subsidiary
 Giddy Up Energy Products
 Inc. (&#34;Giddy&#34;). As consideration
the Company agreed to exchange 4
719
760

 2018
 the Company completed the
distribution of its common shares to the CEN shareholders in order to consummate the acquisition of Giddy. On December 7
 2020
the Company and Giddy entered into a Settlement Agreement
 Waiver and Release of Claims whereby each party warranted and represented
that they sought to fully and mutually rescind the purchase agreement dated June 27
 2017 and
 in so doing
 for Giddy to acquire
the assets previously sold and
 at the same time
 for each of the parties to waive and release all claims
 both known and unknown
and to indemnify and hold all other parties harmless. In addition
 the parties agreed to enter into an exclusive licensing agreement
for the Giddy Up brand in the category of alcoholic beverages.


 2020
 the Company entered into a Merger
Agreement and Plan of Reorganization with Human Brands International
 Inc.
 a private corporation organized pursuant to the laws
of the State of Nevada (&#8220;Human Brands&#8221;)
 pursuant to which
 at the effective time
 Human Brands shareholders will
exchange 100% of the equity in Human Brands in exchange for a majority controlling interest in the Company. Human Brands operating
divisions currently own and manage over 250
000 agave plants
 several premium spirit brands
 and hold exclusive import and export
rights for a variety of spirit brands. Its core foundation is built upon its bulk tequila production operations. Human Brands
currently has supply contracts with well-known tequila brands
 celebrities and athletes.




Going
Concern

The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern
 which
contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business for the twelve-month
period following the date of these financial statements. On a consolidated basis
 the Company has incurred significant operating
losses since its inception.

Because
the Company does not expect that existing operational cash flow will be sufficient to fund presently anticipated operations
 this
raises substantial doubt about the Company&#8217;s ability to continue as a going concern. Therefore
 the Company will need to
raise additional funds and is currently exploring alternative sources of financing. Historically
 the Company has raised capital
through the issuance of convertible debt as a measure to finance working capital needs. The Company will be required to continue
to do so until such time that its consolidated operations become profitable.




Basis
of Presentation

The
Company uses the accrual basis of accounting and accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (&#8220;US
GAAP&#8221;). The Company has adopted a December 31 fiscal year-end.

The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of Rogue One Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary Harvest Soul
Inc. All significant inter-company balances and transactions within the Company and subsidiary have been eliminated upon consolidation.




Use
of Estimates

The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company bases its estimates on historical
experience
 known or expected trends and various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable given the quality of information
available as of the date of these financial statements. The results of these assumptions provide the basis for making estimates
about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results could differ
from these estimates.




Cash
and Cash Equivalents

Rogue
One Inc. considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company places
its cash with a high credit quality financial institution. The Company&#8217;s account at this institution is insured by the Federal
Deposit Insurance Corporation (&#8220;FDIC&#8221;) up to $250
000. For the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company
did not have bank balances exceeding the FDIC insurance limit. To reduce its risk associated with the failure of such financial
institution
 the Company evaluates at least annually the rating of the financial institution in which it holds deposits.&#160;




Fair
Value of Financial Instruments

The
Company&#8217;s financial instruments are carried at the approximate fair value due either to length of maturity or interest rates
that approximate prevailing market rates unless otherwise disclosed in these consolidated financial statements.




Goodwill
and Intangible Assets

Goodwill
represents the future economic benefit arising from other assets acquired that could not be individually identified and separately
of
the potential expanded market opportunity with new customers. Intangible assets have either an identifiable or indefinite useful
life. Intangible assets with identifiable useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their economic or legal life
whichever is shorter.

Goodwill
and indefinite-lived assets are not amortized but are subject to annual impairment testing unless circumstances dictate more frequent
assessments. The Company performs an annual impairment assessment for goodwill during the fourth quarter of each year and more
frequently whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of the asset may be less than the carrying
amount. Goodwill impairment testing is a two-step process performed at the reporting unit level. Step one compares the fair value
of the reporting unit to its carrying amount. The fair value of the reporting unit is determined by considering both the income
approach and market approaches. The fair values calculated under the income approach and market approaches are weighted based
on circumstances surrounding the reporting unit. Under the income approach
 the Company determines fair value based on estimated
future cash flows of the reporting unit
 which are discounted to the present value using discount factors that consider the timing
and risk of cash flows. For the discount rate
 the Company relies on the capital asset pricing model approach
 which includes
an assessment of the risk-free interest rate
 the rate of return from publicly traded stocks
 the Company&#8217;s risk relative
to the overall market
 the Company&#8217;s size and industry and other Company-specific risks. Other significant assumptions used
in the income approach include the terminal value
 growth rates
 future capital expenditures and changes in future working capital
requirements. The market approaches use key multiples from guideline businesses that are comparable and are traded on a public
market. If the fair value of the reporting unit is greater than its carrying amount
 there is no impairment. If the reporting
unit&#8217;s carrying amount exceeds its fair value
 then the second step must be completed to measure the amount of impairment
if any. Step two calculates the implied fair value of goodwill by deducting the fair value of all tangible and intangible net
assets of the reporting unit from the fair value of the reporting unit as calculated in step one. In this step
 the fair value
of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the reporting unit&#8217;s assets and liabilities in a hypothetical purchase price
allocation as if the reporting unit had been acquired on that date. If the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair
value of goodwill
 an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess.

Determining
the fair value of a reporting unit is judgmental in nature and requires the use of significant estimates and assumptions
 including
revenue growth rates
 strategic plans
 and future market conditions
 among others. There can be no assurance that the Company&#8217;s
estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the goodwill impairment testing will prove to be accurate predictions of the future.
Changes in assumptions and estimates could cause the Company to perform an impairment test prior to scheduled annual impairment
tests scheduled in the fourth quarter.

As
of December 31
 2020
 the Company did not have any goodwill or indefinite-lived assets.




Net
Income (Loss) per Common Share

Net
income (loss) per share is calculated in accordance with FASB ASC 260
 &#8220;Earnings per Share.&#8221; Basic net income (loss)
per common share is based on the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding at December 31
 2020 and 2019.
Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing the Company&#8217;s net loss available to common shareholders by the diluted
weighted average number of shares outstanding during the year. The diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding is the
basic weighted number of shares adjusted for any potentially dilutive debt or equity. At December 31
 2020 and 2019
 the Company
had convertible notes outstanding that could be converted into approximately 17
143
852
891 and 23
377
136
247 common shares based
up the closing bid price of the company&#8217;s common stock at December 31
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. Shares which would result
from the conversion of the convertible notes were excluded from the calculation of net loss per share for 2020 and 2019 because
the effect would be anti-dilutive.




Share-Based
Compensation

ASC
718
 Compensation &#8211; Stock Compensation
 prescribes accounting and reporting standards for all share-based payment
transactions in which employee services are acquired. Transactions include incurring liabilities
 or issuing or offering to
issue shares
 options
 and other equity instruments such as employee stock ownership plans and stock appreciation rights.
Share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 are recognized as compensation expense in the
period
during which an employee is required to provide services in exchange for the award
 known as the requisite service period
(usually the vesting period).


On
June 20
 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-07 which simplifies the accounting for share-based payments granted to nonemployees for
goods and services. Under the ASU
 most of the guidance on such payments to nonemployees would be aligned with the requirements
for share-based payments granted to employees. Equity classified share-based payments for employees was fixed at the time of grant.
Equity-classified nonemployee share-based payment awards are measured at the grant date of the award which is the same as share-based
payments for employees. The Company adopted the requirements of the new rule as of January 1
 2019
 the effective date of the
new guidance.

No
share-based expenses were recorded for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019.




Income
Taxes

The
Company accounts for income taxes pursuant to the provisions of ASC 740-10
 &#8220;Accounting for Income Taxes
&#8221; which requires
among other things
 an asset and liability approach to calculating deferred income taxes. The asset and liability approach requires
the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between
the carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities

A
valuation allowance is provided to offset any net deferred tax assets for which management believes it is more likely than not
that the net deferred asset will not be realized.

The
Company follows the provisions of the ASC 740 -10 related to
 Accounting for Uncertain Income Tax Positions. When tax returns
are filed
 it is highly certain that some positions taken would be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities
 while
others are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount of the position that would be ultimately
sustained. In accordance with the guidance of ASC 740-10
 the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the financial statements
in the period during which
 based on all available evidence
 management believes it is more likely than not that the position
will be sustained upon examination
 including the&#160;resolution of appeals or litigation processes
 if any. Tax positions taken
are not offset or aggregated with other positions. Tax positions that meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold are
measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50 percent likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable
taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions taken that exceeds the amount measured as described
above should be reflected as a liability for uncertain tax benefits in the accompanying balance sheet along with any associated
interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. The Company believes its tax positions
will be highly certain of being upheld upon examination. As such
 the Company has not recorded a liability for uncertain tax benefits.

The
Company has adopted ASC 740-10-25 Definition of Settlement
 which provides guidance on how an entity should determine whether
a tax position is effectively settled for the purpose of recognizing previously unrecognized tax benefits and provides that a
tax position can be effectively settled upon the completion of an examination by a taxing authority without being legally extinguished.
For tax positions considered effectively settled
 an entity would recognize the full amount of tax benefit
 even if the tax position
is not considered more likely than not to be sustained based solely on the basis of its technical merits and the statute of limitations
remains open. Management has not filed tax returns for the years ended December 31
 2014 through 2020.




Recent
Accounting Pronouncements

Except
for rules and interpretive releases of the SEC under the authority of federal securities laws and a limited number of grandfathered
standards
 the FASB Accounting Standards Codification&#8482; (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) is the sole source of authoritative GAAP literature
recognized by the FASB and applicable to the Company. Management has reviewed the aforementioned rules and releases and believes
any effect will not have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s present or future financial statements.&#160;

In
December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740)
 which enhances and simplifies various aspects of the income
tax accounting guidance
 including requirements such as tax basis step-up in goodwill obtained in a transaction that is not a
business combination
 ownership changes in investments
for
enacted changes in tax law. The amendment will be effective for public companies with fiscal years beginning after December 15
2020; early adoption is permitted. The Company is evaluating the impact of this amendment on its consolidated financial statements.


In
February 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-02
 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326) and Leases (Topic 842) - Amendments
to SEC Paragraphs Pursuant to SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 119 and Update to SEC Section on Effective Date Related to Accounting
Standards Update No. 2016-02
 Leases (Topic 842)
 which amends the effective date of the original pronouncement for smaller reporting
companies. ASU 2016-13 and its amendments will be effective for the Company for interim and annual periods in fiscal years beginning
after December 15
 2022. The Company believes the adoption will modify the way the Company analyzes financial instruments
 but
it does not anticipate a material impact on results of operations. The Company is in the process of determining the effects adoption
will have on its consolidated financial statements



























































































The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill
 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























The entire disclosure for the general note to the financial statements for the reporting entity which may include
 descriptions of the basis of presentation
 business description
 significant accounting policies
 consolidations
 reclassifications
 new pronouncements not yet adopted and changes in accounting principles.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The
following tables set forth the components of the Company&#8217;s convertible notes from continuing operations at December 31
2020 and December 31
 2019:



    




    

    
1
595
553
1
515
178
    

    
(35
750
    
    


 net
1
559
803
1
515
178
    


The
following table sets forth a summary of change in our convertible notes payable for the years ended December 31
 2020 and 2019:



Beginning balance
 January
    1
 2019
    
    
1
515
178
    

Issuance of new
    convertible notes
    
    
    
    

Increase in principal
    amounts outstanding due to lender adjustments per terms of the note agreements
    
    
    
    

Conversion of
    principal amounts outstanding into common stock of the Company
    
    
    
    

Ending balance December 31
 2019
    
    
1
515
178
    

Issuance of new
    convertible notes
    
    
85
200
    

Increase in principal
    amounts outstanding due to lender adjustments per terms of the note agreements
    
    
    
    

Conversion of
    principal amounts outstanding into common stock of the Company
    
    
(4
825
    

Ending balance December 31
 2020
    
    
1
595
553
    




The
value of the derivative liabilities was determined using the following Black-Scholes methodology:



    
    
For
    the Years Ended
    

    
    
December&#160;31

        
    
    
December&#160;31

        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected
    dividend yield (1)&#160;
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Risk-free interest
    rate (2)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected volatility
    (3)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Expected life
    (in years)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

































































Tabular disclosure of borrowings which can be exchanged for a specified number of another security at the option of the issuer or the holder. Disclosures include
 but are not limited to
 principal amount
 amortized premium or discount
 and amount of liability and equity components.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







A
reconciliation of the federal statutory rate of 21% to the Company&#8217;s effective tax rate is as follows:



    
    
    

    
(118
906
(180
604


 net of federal benefit
(26
839
(40
765

    
145
745
221
369

    
    
    




The
cumulative tax effect at the expected rate of 21% of significant items comprising our net deferred tax amount is as follows as
of December 31
 2020 and 2019:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
3
080
727
2
939
630

    
(3
080
727
(2
939
630

    
    
    





































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Dec. 31
 2020







The
following table summarizes the change in the Company&#8217;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December
31
 2019:



    
    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
    

    
    
    
    
    
Quoted prices
    in
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Active Markets
    for
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&#160;12/31/2019
    &#160;
    
    
(Level
    l)
    
(Level
    2)
    
    
&#160;(Level
    3)
    

Convertible
    promissory notes with embedded conversion option
    
    
2
191
745
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
191
745
    

    
    
    
2
191
745
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
191
745
    


The
following table summarizes the change in the Company&#8217;s financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of December
31
 2020:



    
    
    
    
    
Fair
    Value Measurements at Reporting Date Using
    

    
    
    
    
    
Quoted prices
    in
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
Active Markets
    for
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
&#160;12/31/2020
    &#160;
    
    
(Level
    l)
    
(Level
    2)
    
    
&#160;(Level
    3)
    

Convertible
    promissory notes with embedded conversion option
    
    
2
298
820
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
298
820
    

    
    
    
2
298
820
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
298
820
    




The
following table sets forth a summary of change in fair value of our derivative liabilities for the years ended December 31
 2020
and 2019:




 January 1
 2019
1
899
209

    
292
536

    
    


 December 31
 2019
2
191
745

    
(104
386

    
211
461


 December 31
 2020
2
298
820










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











595
553


515
178





750)





Total convertible notes
 net

559
803


515
178































































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of long-term debt (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer) identified as Convertible Notes Payable
 excluding current portion. Convertible Notes Payable is a written promise to pay a note which can be exchanged for a specified amount of another
 related security
 at the option of the issuer and the holder.




























Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of debt discount.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019
















Risk-free interest rate
 min






Risk-free interest rate
 max






Expected volatility
 min






Expected volatility
 max


































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











906)


604)



State income taxes
 net of federal benefit

839)


765)





745


369










































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











080
727


939
630





080
727)


939
630)














Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 without jurisdictional netting.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019




298
820


191
745





298
820


191
745






















































298
820


191
745





298
820


191
745







Fair value
 after the effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Dec. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2019











191
745


899
209





386)


536





461







298
820


191
745
































































Amount of gain (loss) recognized in income from derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset)
 measured at fair value on recurring basis using unobservable input (level 3).




























Fair value of financial instrument classified as derivative asset (liability) after deduction of derivative liability (asset)
 measured using unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.




































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O87!P+GAM

M2L0P$(9?17)OITG%0^CVLN))07!!\1:2V=U@TX1DI-VW-XV[740?0
@E
W^^










H%N


M




M'1



%.70[@:0KX#;;J=W#HXGIB1N0K3


KD*)\
M3(Q%Z'#GEUQ?X]&2X]NF9;5NKREW&6TB4CG:9@39ZO*WF6QP54=SU5;\K^
M:CVT%4[/_EFMR)\





2YX;6R-




\ 7 V


1ZA@2Z$EPA8X3KM;M4M:-
M*,)%P]90PT-2^R;-A(CP%E(Y<WK/3I3671Y'

.J4 DJ00QPBW+ISAA+M0B
M+1;D*X2:)1G)?
4+/R.N9%2)329E+1)#A68YSS)R56IXKK67!!?81]*:
HUP










M(7I[]]E-7&J1Q%W;A65__8V3D/3%
6S///;T4<A[M69
H^]E

^+)B7EU6@V
MK;^[D;.IV.J5^Q&(K4M2RJ?/K%/%Z.\.CYBUM^M];FB\ELNJ%W;
'TU\V-



!:1J
H&NB1$YT%IL!=&&'+CP!W3J\ 14%IL!5%&'*CIIGOS)Z9(77'/F
MFBQQ%S5VYGJ596(+43?TB2X+9DLW/DXEH,H.LCX1;,]?$F'+WD)G]SZB^&



MF%
;YC3Q_ /
-COXC1
[9NSUU=5SHKYF$DJ#Z50OT=L&VL5 2)HDIG[N8;49

ML-$



@Z!LL!K^$O&D9^

M

V-
M%IOZF&PIM!9E?;EF%  ; WB^$K G:F_


$4F


MLJ/T32V^!4O#4D0XPKY0*9#\..



MU[@53#XE


M@3.*3KAI9].T





MC6^OK





M9&
#EI5FLGD(_M ]/N?JZAY;XP



MF3KP]/B(_KL1#V(65+(9SWZDB=I



M\ 


MJE
M41]]GS^@J]^NQP



=*IM;!4'
M[MYE8R^O'0T


M=H.';U&32KFCQ=+(D+IK6%?VT



&ULQ5G?<]HX$/Y7
M-









./:
UE!QS)QS)K9]@Q
SQM$(LP%B;2*2Q$O;5W*$
M#BCZ1XK^:RE^QD5#SF)X<!T.&6JAFY@D,5#7-I3OQ6$PQ-V8NGTH9\@I'F\
MM2 #!%


M
3S&&#IC_




ZF1/60(GVMHBI:AXNZR9\*\25 O:Q!
M;EDS'!/[FI64<U9_!Q63Y:HHXRRK&]FO:4D8:X&NFQ:/Z+:D2DT1A0&ZA4&

7Q__:

MSDW3,OPC)LF*T@%KZ?:Q5I$L2A-B-O+$!YUQ3%'D3Z.+5!PS#Q_2#45FUV




^E40T!N!1

0GYAG@]WK+X(PKP[X@
R
 1
MT.SDX3CRA!-4# ;67]#%H*%I96E:29$A6&&2:IZOBQ3EFC-+9PPL\'QGOBA-

MW#GLHE$XFHPJNX



MICM6Y%F%
N5TR5.;T2ZD40OI.1X




Z

^^-N
MRQK&Q\VGRZB+]5K[R-!;SQ:[[3:U.W.:VHT*-&8[62S?E^TG9%%QJ@.;&E_[




M6S9.JF193K05*RK+VJWS. 2&Y$0@P&  T=Q??[[NGAD
2

-/7


UVY].

MGV_XIS5;EWQ6Q












M&+'PV-]!=(]FLJ9$((


MJ03.=W0CEB^;?@Z?F2/=3GGF
/_F1^B



[74$#;=

R8
X7!OM*$
A(?.&A@L$
M9EL69



8B(LWH
MLN$%M4+N+=']? 8Y.VA2[8QN)Z8N^;'LK_$

M!.?'$9/O2?8:X-A4%B#
0A]@(.*&.SI=K=L=$,HH#,5Q&!,EH320;L(%<2U!&L!.$) !O'NXH


Q4PBNP*=MAF?+\P










M'!



MVG



$LZ-V([UO4QJ&(-MM3'0AQ+4#5N
M$I?
:





MF68?;

M:6$Y=88W




\Q%FLG9V
MG/AQ8S7
%NR+



3]TV_MQKJO[%K2?\
M)@U0EW'Z9%'

]'A57P_ -6B?CJD$EK;M?S8(WYJGG0AM3@
MJP)LR$KMNU73^OP#$JY
)@7Y_N%0'[@@2XT3#S0'-2!-(
=3$V)C[)Z
[R$N
M(L'4A)3

M?


;#B





MX!UN++/H GO %Y79;U:F.O0+?CN#

&=R]@K9


M@4?O6XD


M?&\  :F79)PGO60T.D-VCY7YS1



M21*)_\NW9S_&\3XX=?I*'6L 6O



M#47*X:!C[OV6#QJ3EE_
-GB
OY773W\2#
M_
]O7YX]5Q-ZKT-H=31'0GAUJUL-L-FLG+I-V@YT;R6*0X\QYAA=ZV53?-
M5
UF/_ ^]QONJ(1G_

Q-7FK('U=<L]M0I7I!PYN1-/^1/5N<B(Y
6

(
MUF:!1T^G;UZ=R




M
E5X$MG_M1EK
]GIS

*9D'YI
MU^]='L^HZ$)TS=X8#!IM^W]UL]=A8G!Z^(#!:F^P2KS[@Q++ERJJ]9EW._*R





5KDV.FH8[IE8J3^3@;X/+'MR\8A#.!!U:*\.U2I@:Z1;

0




8HLH^ X8N?*_LQT!)ZC+].^543'+=




MJAHE5@N9&J53GLGIB[-K_]FK'K:G!K\KN3*USQQG




+\*^-^QW^5-^0=

MZ;V(];E(9Y*KE.LBVS*1I4

M]/C/(BV *G
R;LCEO3$%MD*64KEBFXPXF;#W:02.VQ#+RQ(*!E(E(8++-CEP
M@81C  =L)D%F

8U@G*5#5<]_WNMTNTA7\/ CH2UN0*)*@Y_5Z_8K9N<BD
MZ:!%V19S$?.)E#?(@/3

MRD: LNB%
D9#4QH;C?T\Z**0:G.?D.D#EA)DDJ

M#)$)=:))?=#A[W
*<P^X3%&LITIK$0.LB:3EL/V4@
M)VPMXDD9GRB8ONB!$$/N\
/D//INF9X[PVF

Q.P?][M@%Q\



6L13P66)O&
MQ&K&M
)6]3546,.PKF'\A/M'@1(\!BE1AP#OV7X6CR
MST+=BD00$Y4!^5L PL[5;[!_KS[@ZA*+]_JML(3W5:5?3''P _Q7*#W[#C/



MM(T/2NG& :;QE9SBH0SE1_+A=WWI%01R%P;9HIHWA0U$EZ(6%;B$!;F#6=
MNE!X\&DFLKA4COKVI\T)H;F.E*BD5&/!XZNY@A@G
NIH%


;4\_6+
69=D(NB?F'OUC4WSY)WD7?5B1

ND?*FXU_ 5T
MB:6)





M.%@7G/ A735+\+FR59N2+0\^+$ AJ%JEPS1UO-P'[4/$J$6G#20M!1-Y^R
M\D




M%'3&?KU?HJ:278!3H7M/2*C?O?21L?6G?S;^

MVSDITGEAYKP4@T'+19_36$
QGN.G6W(PL8P\ 'UFR;LM\X-:$!&GWG1$L[

HZV3;PT[@[)&7E=BW[_.M$956


M&?(HDWP=W-#B;&








M-3._%S


X+C HUT;!6P[[S-FUD?'G
M5&8)4S]I
F$+'G-STC$@&A=TXDK
N1
3'1 31N2]%;59H2EFP+Z F-;H






M;SFH2WT/

5!IR0B
X\DWA.=9&3:


BDRN8(0VA2P5Y8!/Y.V/F?67


/WWX
M6$$*9@]V6K'9=NP1I5A%IEM'8IHS^BHS&]'$%32*G5;'BA?NZ%7G7N4=
MQP

M'I
N.=)]@%+JCHGCJI)?5I6<





+7. J._%=Z@$
X0T?C6VNQU+AUP?[VS_JN/
MG6)9
(

9:WS+*KZW6H-UNLN86/E2/)G)<NJ2\

58GPRC9H+H:6++KWP[1%7S?H^!UT%






4NF _B@,9Z)Y[E B7FW'HMN#F #D@UT?)(.K(\'P_

ZK9\B]]@-X5




6   9






M_[WV0V?#=/C

=D;_PZU??*BDPC6\M^F2VL
M

M2J.T46[#G&;?*XT





M%&FAOE=P5


MONUF&@%IZ'FC 2\;2W]K8J7N(DDWNV !:MI89DLI\.3&_A.O;OH[S8L7
M/-O\&Q
;PK&_
:U!FBR1W%$!!S8+T
A.S4(H! ;DOI9 I%%

6#4]A&
#R

9I#]/1X=:-&I%-=T?]Y.

MT^U1$FE!LFJ#]53A








U58'NR5%5^:9

M'$;#X^#J&43[7-B=K


_Z3J?SA=TF=
&/=SNDRE1Q2!? \T0#O?H'

M:&5E='

RYX;6RM5FUSXC80_LZOV*&]SMT
!6.2)G

/9O9V

M:/QH
+NM258\7A_0;X/OY
M&.)P9]:=


M=7@4\$9OX*V




M4_\D3X0=9%)*
\OGDATTQA%
'Z8!@\H

M9 W_*T^%%




MES(EDZQPS1WGB-RQ5#M
*A!$R<FF\4(4!<D\DP?8%*0KE?1\0;UV


%%S._QN2;J;2OGZSV


2J.%]G'.?<[RV
M[K




NSQ3F=

TME/2&AXMN5
-EA!^
M+I?L=BG 84=
92JPV/1

MC 

/)
V8!@9AAWBD]-O.LLV=%VCLMFM-ITK
M9[
F!0['H7' L.O-VP_Y OE..KMQ3VF]/E+#Y1EB3&$CDX_W:@KK:C2=+9


MH]BEUDGBL$O8W0&Q!^CQG%VZ#!)'O8C![C4;B^L4SS/EU9[M$;U^_%P[30
MG*...&UDC]P&I-?Y


MMOG7A4Z+??L=]%9&LW%O/);/Y+[@27Y6SGH/#C9ESJ+(DVF

EAG/


M:
%2I^4&XKG&WEH)

\.P

M
&8*5:TXRE50DJ



T7EZ7CO^K]G+O^?F)
MRCO7UEO_,C8VDK^K[][020/7)P^\




K2Z(TF97-YI!X
G)U?M/)T^9ULBU
M]-WK4@
M4@
FG 

MPV1  =.'[6LP 5(JR.#YY'S^:G+^\G0R/[U0;J
7PPA*[L


M


MG?[
&@IYSO-TJQMK6@X9@[5FZB
;7D/


ML\QLU1&

)]-%5APMNI?-P.85#;]T5Y52T
*XSL8.LG!MQZST


@*D3##



M](G#/*]WB:03UA #_;?K[-?+R\\AQ@]U12:BBYH7U K%@20Z9W
HW
&DU)W1



S53D


G2@EX&4\96[1! *[7 UBTW\!5ZQDF+:2AA06


?[^$MM[HDZ8TY\]&EQGL4M&PVMG[?JA 
L45],%3VE]D[N*K#AA_I,B<J5VE7PX?#^\^7L4N3;<C+O_=5W\S

M:=0M;U;@7V


M_;@%L]$%5;R


 6T=9I)N.5I*TM[
2


NW2KLS80KS=X'%Y &!V:\17$-Z1

M8IQ Q&B 

L!?XV-)$

M*DTZ4V3UH6*16#341+Y?PA!K
_7MH3V':4/DWZ7BXCW)I4


PYPRD2%8Z2C

 ]RIBM*

B[#FPXK2
M6\WX@PY J#QJ(E(TTOR0Z.COG3H4I]15X5VH.RPU5M)K20M .KC
?$/ET(;3
M1I 8$T3+&IZH-1(.N!&G-1


MT*INS)WB
U7NJ;'DUZB0C






M
J_(X^#CM+



M)1U5QSF;L'-
+4D_


MY%$FDQ(^)@&*2]0/.!@)B(A-C#&X]?UU/NCL&0L#

M_22]\4L]1E+)4I9!



A T/Y_


MEC5XE2Q%J)2=SR\F:O M:P] =
U:2R]-N.;
&[LT[O  OL\MV!QU4_@)+CIT



M(Q=


R

M)6P_4=O:Q2X(E=8R7U2)T:5V
EB\AY\2F7EZY)56]MECB(Z+SOBXE$9(2V1N







M9Z!]'RK0F?7SUP_I




7VH




=X80G
MW3.S8D3)SN-X7@^Q6^(%\)G12
04WTI@RS?YIN)#)Q]



M7=4%'Y21@E&//+]8_!RG:8$UZ2O/;!@P)C^1S6[F*9;7E_B5 B ;O=&#P)(
MTL5I7J*#.8@!+V!X?-GSP*P(0
P^O&!
@N0$=S<B/*G'1TBLY8'Z:L@WZ!*%1
MZ*LI?P(^[784P/NCLJ6'$SZJ3IJA,0GB0;PLOKX(6I8Q6^R[CLF41S*P/NF=
MQ&ZG/NT=]K$R) &<@0K$




511




M$X]W




M]2D#0\U

M$-#

@%K)JH3K'P/


MP:U
:80;[W*Y2T5 K'H2:7@;2UXXPQDEQRH0SEEJC.P/FDF%+R8J;HBWU9

MC]R

MI?)-U04W=&FDEH0SON89%0=L.8H

MLP&-6;I[8R\ZO@R[T9#DHVXRO(R['_NDLX.'M1(4

M-OBYL_F6=$N[%%R7J/07 I06S]VWA^-[+VSN KQZT^68.-9WE-[OYG_]




MW7H*
RDR7G'FIL.-25@3DJ5H$VS+1&JCTH9ARE)/X5C'1&][)NF-C_]LLT









MB_BHQBM(SD@_ZI$XC

C^OJMSWVGK_^ZSU=
)UQ:MS7Y8[[21B%-_CQB8]#:


;JIX0
M+?JNR


1==8U


MWKC4)4U@ZN- 81

=A7U

M31B:8@L5-^=8@Z(W:]05M[35F]#4&GCI094



M E8TQF+5@4E!)53[Y





M8\^7'.#[AD)MR'(!6BV$*22:1L


M;X0R3


M:&5E=#(P+GAM;)V6:V_;(!2&_PJR-&F3.E]P;JZ22$VZ:?O0*6JU[3.QCV-4

U4


MM'RU/

M^(WB


AZ/4!S/N8
:O.V%[P8BFC.K3





M( 'Y3EO41J(MTWA@JNA@#]

M]XYWC#^+#8!$^X)0
;$V4I;7MBV2#1187+$2J%K)&^P59?VZ+D@%
#*HCM

?(K3^5F8@TME$*&






!#]5RRT#ZVT

Z10KWU3:F!9PZ42S\
@I&?

/'4R5-.[)JCIW0




MX22:C**@S7LC=]#*'5R4^QV


M970R
RYX;6R]5FU/VT 





M#B





-')RC95R80])V-SF'@R^' ]^2T\ZT






M







M4$L#!!0    ( /!BE5)(]J&P+0

M:&5E=#(T+GAM;(U6;6_:

MZDM9@
=E50Y-3A5:U\7FCJG'+N1T$0^SEEPIN

BWN%
[]!25D.0C
IB(+5V+L.KV9]
M:^\



MF1!


MK4M[ZQ_)=4J






MBH-A
:^)UE2)2S/I'^Z-#R!O&-]L:J.P5&033L_]G4-_
R1+J7*J1IK0WYH6






I




M#/6Q7BXDZS\8C]LG

ZFW3Q3!
MJF+:L#<81Y($0Z 7W3T:QTAU8OBXUP=[2Z(H2=P(8&X%480A\#;B*8 -&!(
M%/7GX-%Y%&S/J6#W$WSQU!+ P04     #P8I52EXJ['

 ?0(8@S9?$6!/D!5J(/V!(%BD6=
MOZ_:I7&0QEY/3P2W!YI0.TXI+:+J1C]$%)I6M6X 4BV)8]ISI%KM0L'C6'

MVS1FDE26[LZ25-3UMB ^:16**EEJ70#EHKZ/C4KC59&M$V(LU'HW': )?)

M*&&F5H]?E.;/2EH01:F5$)

A;6)BNQL+B.Q#()!F/:
 E

KHX#)]]$$_T_X11


'[4'N

[4&.
M Y#CN)#78%N-CNF\-5RB


H+MQ





MKM*#*6ZF(HUIFFGW.D.=CJ\SD\MCH/]

M%^





MK)P'YR-.+

C2E_\?M!.NX+JE]YXO!\N++MY1-8M


M5)C*J454Z$JIX)53H6KG I8.16RBID%53(*JB055 AJ_A/LKX[M_SK+]5V




&UL4$L! A0#%     @ \&*54C^SY@H'!0  NQ,  !@
M (!EA4  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='


M+W-H965T-2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #P8I527323ER(&  !5&0  &



M:&5E='


M% 
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ \&*54H^PHR%!!P
MV10  !D              (!\E0  'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

YX
M;6Q02P$% 








M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( /!BE5)T'K)E*00  #\



O






BYX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     #P8I52MDW(E2(#  WP  &0              @($LI

M+0

M
6QE<RYX;6Q02P$% 
4     #P8I52EXJ[',     3
M @  P              @ $6K@  7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4     #P
M8I52!2 

end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    

  
  










begin 644 0001721868-21-000244-xbrl.zip

 NM:Q(D?A;\]



M]TK



F8'I8_5  #O\11

M]4H-Q63I1F$J?J26[_WV[#U
CP


M_RL#N%'_C$+X


:! &/(@4*&/
MYUA


YXJ



S@U]?U8VX
M..


B=NM3E$7;D<X0ZATB^PNQO U!*U@;E
MOX/TS=Q*TML -+9$T_]\+75??;?T_0-_C2!8=2O^!D;L\Y3ZRMH3HGU4=Q8


K?6V^_75Y\/+^\M$X_OK




MD_K7PCKWIL+ZF
%^(WNVX2 _BFO'P_.


M^
[8#P ZV#


M-$ROAU

O3I@!Q%;_D$YA9%OF5*YL:TX;0(!X: #XXXR.H#0#
M3PMPT1#G'_D;H! /U2
]LN9.G-Y:-TZ


M3
!H(J*#_1PX1*I?1!1/G=#_-_/D&Q\0Y
\9P&.]Q5U/X(!AP-#AP@SF?LC/
MY[%_S?9HSM#E2# [$$F2 =DI7A(X-PD!(1&67(LXO10+ILI@SFXJ!'9A5!!%
M[I6F#3&9@-A&I&(*:R@P,1N0 ,@2#3K[76[SQ4A?)T(JH51O##G%
C=CIP
M.O^
8GP4;8L8M E$8Y_V/DD5JLHS.2@.%LU)
(13R8ZO?72[ A-FRPY(7Y$G
MO 0H;47(\/K#KHV7-#A3!U8YA]-#6900V@?(-V9^-K.2N0]0
'D#AGV'



M$MJ\&V3I2/+(E+PPPPU!2#1:22GP!.UF1DR&:&K U0^F2A04 C#Q1S1XF9


?$K_PK 2.V)_X+DJ%(F
-


M#2K/#Q5&!1XJ4&V8P.P ;$NMVU8)WB)/5=KX9Z8RVOU6-=B9:J H)TND7 9=






MW.U?(+-]]HWY=+BL.)'U?^WX 3WN)&KCUC%ZO])6)%F0)OFC)H@V-6&@W(

[EK
MTD(!


M?UB8H7OM!(A06U3B?T)V7\AG8$U*!7
3BH-A9@&01^##CJ/RC4H4\T)B\3/
M']%A9;#%A;#(

TOD





THGL7$1ZO(IP0EPPA21I2K0A_((]@0G4$5#L_






=!=L_P_LWT
95]CT^
M0?FQ%#D/

M./5%9BE'Y8
&6Y9H:M&3BDL\L+[5S5NT4O4^).:VT;S(+Y7KCH&0(E*G;B35

M; U+[D[0HZ&4+2XW1O]NHDI$5'H#$\0\]EW2ZB-/!




:MCO(C.:8LT

RTBB/&?H2JA!
1RB(6.%R9]8
ME/M
?!Z$1


M4[EBO?*



PC8R*00^L
MTV7'L)B8@'JT66P!3+L$L1$R(-N*GM4UNWFX$8#J'=N]PX$]&O;MT4F/9QW8



,%^!.6XOUP4SW+V<G%7*)-/C6R:M6#*.C+CMCRQACH6IIO#(=:;GZS

$.9[
M0$#D!8




MHE\%(TR8M!E_PRC4U(\O$ QHE$N&(M':C
8!+8UBQ(=-L*X Q?HALRL3-Y2
MF#767!7S115



MDKHN$R[


Q3ZP_DZY-/ =9WS)O#%T4?J!
MP+Z@A.RE% -19B14/,;-1*,\1U&TKI_ MOE4-XB=4X0/QSJI( (+3WR,DQ

V5-=BHS




$WA


MZGLW5-?X$O=!N2-NU%4FV(X6?_+Q@C-CY_5FXQ]*O6+IAWU)9 *

BFV
M08##EAG \'M4:.572!%2%5QPW-(?5MW*H'FHO)\D=L$R4@N4/-A4$=O$FV_M

1 U4MTAQ*[-+D:I1DA,L)R:EAIF&:B%T
MIO(OI']35LITLCE:)WG^\EA*=IE
?)
M*5'Q;^
8VTGYPD=1J68
MT9O)SIF2/^M(H]]8R


@:
_JLHA





[[TO.






MHO%4NK=#
N0[W(C#33WU+[67X4BV7+X09[&-/K*I6T'%L  D^=[0B1:%#&AN

:M$EKW*_%.S'

M\V0+

8Q<]CPXMW4
J?E3DM\UB)?W

MM8-.2MM6 %&J5T:FA=005^G'7D0JHJJ+XS($Q!I9 T)Y-5B%1HU
!)(5.FC\
M)1I2X1JV78FD1S61?GVUCL%;







2^_IN)G75$?_7




:4QD615^FBTS#H&^X+_:6%O.D5DT?

M8@AN;TYA+7M[7': [3W NZ+$M=QX#XL$+^\G!;=B-VT

MVR/IU)I*K:FT/5/IT![UAPTY_B=L)/7753::AI);-I+VQ#0R




M@Q4_A$M7BCI8L3?SDP2+#^F$



KPH



5P[X]7$$5JP5!&89-J6*X+:K8B6BN

MXPF8G6LW)-T3@.\$YOISWF-!RPG:(E(BD/KW(FAX?B

Q!;H^3Z^




NP.Y

M-G2?%%U=*CQYIP$^YQOU\Q.\!M8LIUAFLW

MXMV*2!!T


-%1


MTYP SR*ZAU6$KF]64E781+G.6&T4_24+=)K@:)E)]^M+*(+.B%0^8O=Y*2
M*D++;D+
28I+9;5O7MT68;2#!SF*:H4C2^O3/#.OIFB:\T-\9JU6(QO52X;
M=3VAM[5]6U%S4_*9KB;SHT-&G35#GVM;Y27

MD$-G@M+O;FC##3=QX^%MO8&BL*7DN4V'-FLSPU:ZM:ES!1+5B-#K;T:E_=5I
M-ZLS74O0;$RH&_G;UR94
BNV'M0=MN[%AY!.6HUQ\&[WQ(W]
2+\.+H6=EU

N_LC:E^O&&1
4TRI1UF! :6T/&XP4.H44+I5
M,*?#E:%5[/5WVI?F\$%J

MO(-





&Q1!D]5.Z&5I(VQ4\A@Z^F7VR@C?Y9E*3+#?(E86[*
M&O=#RQ


M+P$MDIHGD(K]4$%
R3G@C][)SW[
]_+8A_\2.Y[+^RS?*A@=7_N_.G';'[]\#,P\%]#7][=J0W<4F?ZXK+



MYB=98\6EDP 

M-


MMQYH3
3(-/PLW3QL2T:-6



M5&MN.!






@


CSJA-1IV5_A0K0;_Q/C'D:O
MI,1)_63BNJXI2X9 9C934?+!VY/37&_YOUO_41Q$F+8UZ1^*E?+JKZU2JP0






M%Z\X[:_T1U$PYZX*1EVJ!




MLP
%&FWL^YO'[8EMR%G5

M-^.TG
.-)W4J'647*A%X66)W\W9M/T^SE![87\9F5U??5#F\%T/S=?5 FF;U

MP@!=P B
GUUD];=JM=BRL5

AJ84W5A
_225@7*.5L09

/Q\)RKAT_H#(GF8')F?16E
56ZOPPKC9+KP#X
MZ15]2\R\WQV
#JR_ XG]N!$\A) KY/$WTSY2* I%
'PY7<,F5FXH? /KZ/4D!*/[MRKE&T$28

MX[U]@


K^C;N;%-OU-UK4]R
O!=+





M[^V%6..
F[GTOGTR.+&/!O4
]MY+;P3_^T



7D78]+Y0=#4I2/H; 29:1#X
RIB
6M7T-Z\

\.(?M]/+
POH[A*G
MT$B&^VMBF@G2X-A)?'D]1'%HD2!#\Y


MMEX)G)C<9*E*M5(@N'[L9C,LII9;QY5[3F%/:4M+NZK[!V$?.M)OKOATQT(




M%U!KOQV[CX\@?VB6UBL(]/]9P96)5#7SJ.:J+?%NZVSZQ9QJI$0K(G%#75'I


#1;Z9:5C[O))NC
_\_
F\ZHP3&U





8





ME8S%VBE340K^

 H[G'*:0@?.
ZL





^3:(W.]_^L__


&V
13S '(T;.J5Q:BIIXP&P@J<&XW$EZG$S(_BVO$<ZX5YW[WC3F[_KKWYJ5=




 OD8462N1F@!/WH^'J2R^I$!(:$'@H]W8GD9,!:PU5#6VM\
M2TN8.S$%&W$
!2E! K\;NU7/PXHGA
/4GE\=%_GUU=IZB5)DE-9SF8T3.!%X

MDNN.;[T\NWUNGEF34:#CN]KI7CE

M#C NM*Q@;\(HA=^!%R&T
N^BSUJ*HE(TT 4#0';

36Q6C

JKDI*+ ;5U7*H[&D#(PX=
M20+L2GKA&JQC(.\%8[X@X1$$4!X]:S2P!P/\Y[ .#9%7P&(2\C.Y0GCTR]#
MPMT6&[:+#?U*GK$_V-\_=]KO/C@Q'!4R^3(R8E] O^
AD=U)[:6-/CET!X=




D$4
JO38&D%8)P$A7:\!S(;R$7WV)IIF B02[TFM=F2L]DX58


;0
MM9NR4!$__(0N--

J<GQBFO5%Z\29M.DPKK


\#2


'A8M&(N^
M EWKMA/=8
@/Q:#O^6B-_=F)T2=D7499H

MYG:R?LCM2XN9./2

5^NTHK !T66%IO-H]#@]TLTL-Q2VX1UE\7 MT1\FIS#


M=E^LKS1FL[ HAC#Y-2$6EF\)[/V5UGIU+FSLZKL^!XE[/ ]&0K Y5/C&DR

^Q\







MH%B_1S&-Y96AYX
BG13?P1/K=
M G\BJ@;C\EES'X)5)]KP:P43#NPG_]-Q:Z8#Y;&#M;!=H#=*4LQNN:*6FL

M/4UKTO+.3Q.0G+Y-LO$_R=
32;W3\H%
_)@=1H*CIU*2N7[L9C


MY=_ D$#^L5%)A)




Z\XS7:[/XUG+QR*4


\$
8]]EU3@R!.!L5W2
N7HDO0@AB:M


OT

C5L2^


MI40+J4R12F9P[D4* YBM[^+6FF5!R@%C.HUI!KC&2H'
T#*]OLRAV'&-(0?

)Z$CTD08##

G:

[ EK-[7P+#R'&)_K@X35^L]0Y((\


MW+JZG2
E4X
Q+&$ @DDH.=V5




M 2VU5$Q!%

F:80R!
MIQ/C*2GFBU9



M*+2=C%2JK78'S;$IB)V

M]W.I$J:@2N(B2=O*


V]!A#N70ML=;B=
MI(('%86TO,Y;C7#F(MN0Y$;*W^4907.,O2W,;2TVT
J-7^VR9'JQOY8).6R







J
M^


MJTF':9M.


J%4*]D\ ON_1#'R?J[5

E DA:J!S+/21FZIGLFF6Z)^S<@X*NKSS2(9!'4#GTW<@^3QY0L'(X1'=A
MJCM3TWV$-H

#S*KEIQ0


M7Z




M&HK+*HYM4Q&*2A\UYY11')+8_9J,1H5Q26+:9$Q.]YNW3/+^(GPKT**;-5

S;
W)






M:
:7&MP+.DZUI?%* 
G#Q(


;



M9O+66W43;6A%65QACZM

M_/S]^S4




M/QF













MW[

Q:TH(]K$

NNAP?M
HD3S?Z6WVZIC)#4






A[FZ^AUW\UZ+VB7$\-=7&!^[OO303FD0_^
MQ1_B6N2WN 4O]_R(FT=:I1WN[_L.-PJ8YAUWOH;2P0_V[N7J@^[Z()]V-U
M*U?C6B8-Q3R.9GZ28!L-NMT5)DRO+





M]YJTVG+-G^JXVW+-)0M95:XY;
LUFY)/N=\5+CLJ'NO;_9.1/9)7JST-!&DR

6MVNNOHQ+X
MLQJN5!7AF @G!<9/!=UN'BM9C)'XH1MD^#(,ZP+\3K9^!VB+,[0]1JY.R?
M].WAX&C+XS\,/NZ&&U:NX[PVR*:%Y*T5Q?E *$:/!<*EQZ@*!V*3L#+#/GI
M*IQMT7/CF^&;C+9;8Z.

MP=D.1CL3Q2^;S
H687YC2;M+.S1Z\WV4Q?7KN O6EGP[;]FWDWMV=H;5NYG8
M8


TE.5%&1#?0Z/Q-N8V

M?;7F/)N#I?W#R\$:GHRZ@WN#]4Z







M#0=R&^4?%QEE_@4.LJ+6]P=39E 3G1=]RLL791DH$B*Y$0WG-D0*.^3TH%

=0(R3GS?
;?
N$U
#H^D?*P3


?_8HL.
M(D&ED^.7-P8OE=/Y'

M8[Y



)CLR^N
M7L/379S:CL+^.5J@+$


]O.EPPN4QGK/#9
MN1VB+



@W#=NM=*4ZZBK .V80)4?3\(BE@_)OR
M+H[FK^
TV+
$H[M32S^PNV*ZING]_*QSU%V29^EJA=?.T_G']\L@0_DU*+H(
MZ

MP4?@#%P*9U'.L!'-: H-5FN]I!CRK!'#H&% PSAN[NT%+$N1AV'




:O)5PY0U6D0=6'7,VH%ID-J[T4AD#A%8WM

!]&U[=@1M#H#H




1G3%+P

18-&U
MQD&2,G3ZIP\2)3, #K^$5,+I/W*D5D0=!XYD@:D5EAP<T7NUQ\]12R\'Y&


VS#9JPX'41_O;=




'1:*MW[[PW@
%WQ^[2I-T*Q
H


MYSMB8#97TNH+ZM?
LQBVF]O)9K2MO@4'B:I *2Z_[78 W##)?*CC KQ*?S1
MWV]NZ^^GM2TY0*DX9CJN:YJ
#[8HB)(75Y+O.BYK2X/(=W$_Z+SBZ
(9A$Y(

AFH^R*?PXN\B.:C^-



M;[



M44;\'



84*W*X1?/8AE'XZNG7'&NT


M0B60*PD=A[+ (  JTA!0GB
4DDL6G3


M@S?GV'+]MWF!\STHWCL\^&[#[QN8/:7A=DI1LN)@MO'PTE:
6Z+1@'NPBSL?




MW0*^]%PS]'6A?8A6



M[TM$\%PG:**!X9]H_Z3 \:
2Z?L:O-?\SGBAI9E6+)'&?*SR3N9#/VE1K@78
7,VT2!KPK]G,#?'Z4J[.^1=E6O'&,F( BK]!#$&)]-G&QMA/+?G%V
M<=6\_HEHN+$;#7U<](-)4BT(
]1H:W+#-)^CK3@/D-HA3/LXQ(2^]T3@8/U

^J
AL0KR=6I!
;-O 
X. /X!JB_O\BB
@NQIHKV)PO!)^W6M7220JIZT

D'-^A/M%


MK+\XB%9Y;08:N9+;1UDQ9/V&&20JZC]A%J&UL A)A160((
_DY6EYORPP
M:XLRCBFL55F4 ?X!OC./$FI$'=87XETVX@]:[0OX^Q,LL3S5PA0BU015%8Q

1'H%U@JG:782!'[%\

]'NTF*I?4S2QX1\I$S(:ZH4_ L8 /A$JP1B OG$DJ $5+2
M&;(F!&:QBB$YGH W:$%U4F;2PL(8.=9KI=4$FWP,J15 0MR%Z1..XHTH9!%
ME1\:%[S+







!Z9#


M[H$U9$[WC
[9S]9[M
 'UCM


MO9W7
ZO;;2#V(Z8NXQ^NSA*QMU(N#WJ]KU^_[E!VC[XR?B=V'+9H)F_*?.[@

MUX[)?=&]06B9L




V%.%11Z





!V.WGM

MR^.1R9NR

M**;1QZ.T:M8

J[D
M;]1(0%];(PN ?2)33]-6-FHP=)VV!N=[VQ/9.TP:R9H;'1#MI2=$H_OB*=)#
M





MEG$F\4)1@NG^3


^H
MQ+BEU=()FKJ3-0XPNTTBD=5C^SWC$ /C*UO(9N^G!!J%V$1ZG6/*U37]=5
M&J+S.9D###YAQ$51XWQ5:WU#BKAT RH?.PXT[4:/V4XPQ7
U4(5*UU6V4+LP







M&SU?B9\8PO^L07ZR69'/#9V-6%

MW80[$DG&PB;=RZC=Y#!_;R/;EX
=





M!^PJ]]
6[FAD?KA6SD.05ZZ8!KC8&TAKKGQN=KENEA




;2?=@

2
MRZQB57W%(HNDR



EWREL*0</26
MU]E5W$L0AL_S&
=.)5E3V@.!- N2WF
$(^)O(5DFX9T%% X0J_%LO!31



M2NS


MQ]7SVEY*E?T7X

M2MI4WI#X.1E#

YV16S]B
 RPYWFK


MIHVX8Z3T

X5Y!00% -DVNF




MOG





M09
QL)[2]M#25+=GUA3T @]BVE8$S6KLK=:_3YWBNK=\L]'W510_4I#;H?!
MJ?$. ^]-CMW/Q]@A4?_J0TZ1MW6*;+X@,R_#R5X@^4()8Q-*9G5CYUPAJ^/_
M)XCCNGFO30G;4:SL*5!?%X;YSJ9*\*XPW\134%$*$B?D _9 P]2=3
5:AK;


.; ?+X7F0_*
[TF

(FG'F99 [6+=Q2$]JO3%I
M0%)N]


SF84=B^IKSUL5H#TVO5=C$NI5W^#=
@
MYEINIF4OX8S(\6;ZONJ0_\



)ZI


MR:UW7I[Z&%ZLO](E)_QI4?@





\=GE7&V)R#

G4J^
8LF%6)G=/)H-AAIJZE7
M0;;U6J'8F;O6)L1^@QH4-
L&S&QG8X9PEA*QQK;R;GX6]*A''L:8%Q%;#N?
MVQ.V:KNX^1;982^3S47MTLR_:MZO[:7UBXGF3G^*2-$2A1X!'MK.3PIB-1

NY0_G)]/():Q^TYVH_]-6 6HL*N=G-R


C Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX
M;6SM7=]SXC@2?K^J^Q^T;-W6W(
#)LGL)#.Y+28_]JC-#*DDLW=U+REART$U


M 8@XU

MX((ZUI!X]#WX#*?H%/R.&(PH.P]^!/ZH;QK[/&#BGTYF/ B0^6'1\HX/
MWHZ!96FH_1


MM8:H:1\



M^L'&3IF(YS&+RYA@F;:Z%F]SN-$\0


V-$E/



GR 5[%3/%:H%VW34*TF]W%P-EV-\
M43W(LG%IVP9FB;DQKD:M'.*FQOARC3'.MGTHBZ:M'.


^$7^V')%66;'L9BOB@WN1KK:2\UV)BG7







M
UL+7]5.:WU%KXBX^IU3/Y/Q^M!=

JW$NPR(1
@%E( 4
M!XB 9


M^R@\W(3P_W68FJ*PJQ9QN_8&BKF)PZX@R\+ &?.;T6/TR.DA7E-S;5^'#2

M@&7WN1P3#+*J5C)S\8#*7_*?:XHK_P=02P






M=O+VKZ^?U@3SW

MU66_?7I;_J=0_W
4QK]^H/^S\C*

M_+_/%S?^/=YXQV%








XFGZ0PVQSBA
#P1H:L


F&;W%(#;I-*+ F&34IX'(U\
M?[O91M1/1'.\#OTPA\&?:U(63E


:C/-3!

]P;!

M



M#X7'PNX
G!$

MWWU*DV_Y/0TY]&(Y
R32=AFBA-QEBE 4$&-4^#CFE+*H$$:EM$/NW&R\*/JX


MT)* 1 
P&Q5FRC?/T^2P)Y#OB&BW;M#(PH<\NA0HH
MDNEQ2KG64CUB=WHQ2N@M9E8 HB4X7AY=;@4'O6(1^PNC+CA^553\'1!7.%*

JO-^


U1K




X&3M$T


METF.S88DG9+=S/PF!G33]*LTP%#



PH

M

C5?9-

M@(UY27

MOR=_)__\Z4O+I!/Q_HY30/9?TW!9\?RK'2[0.!\SP%2!\= T%P]-)\60TQV0
MV(#R3P+R4
^^/_KNW?=')]]_
M=_3VNS_]!OD[P)V(.]%UUX8+.-RLU@6]223MAI)IH;<B2
3BX+AMAH?%T-6
M2Q-:AP%]U;=4@


M)372SKTO8XB:9ZJ/4*E&SZ[J!:Y-YC0;4



]H#D

HA1'+CBT&ND(+&*[08H@KM #OBW&N4(+%Z[08HPKM #D
DDT&7D*TO#I%D$HQJ<G&QQT!)



MXG@KS3;3_-GNC80NJ.Z]@^)O8 C1 \3E\/# 9+H[2[+\:OTI20(658S3Q]#'



-



M0CPQR&XVO*X



H*G(4Y8*E'&L  6&(/7
LXQ

MUJ! VCZ]I9!YZG*B@*9P%3[!&==C2(^X$%3ATOH97DD#V3P):L@[5YN3\8F
M@X3PVKSI
 :Q$30^D0A

M;9M



@6
+LTG
W0QN

5DH=-'?]G=WQ5]WK]_997[BB(=)0-HUS54+48/+_!_Q71A3
M!ZUZ#.*HG()4]-AW6.J81XI.03: '*=!0_RD2P(#9__%;NTK'DI1P]O[
D/^






M1[4]%-%OH@W[J+5Y9M?:
9A[)OK$ ?8XW1PU2?F_M?YF.I=-V]ULS7#UJHRK
M#9K_[K







M_)2)ZV-P6/+84@%TGJ%58-!I3(N$WED&VJ'N)*UC513@%8YIFNU


:!

M*K(QE5] :?$)Q/J


IFU]EG9;4[




)U:[DHC/ZMQ2=A3U2R!^Q#@?T7




M(ZCDW8VT!S$JRW$/')7#JJ!#&97/P]B+_0E&965! (AM8*@!P16E0!^5]=#[



C02@A./: _D[

&3+)Q$A^S


M)56L'B=NOTSLHI^TKA



MW!QG?AH^L

M2VF0RD[R%'+V[MDK8#8W[ 5SHFD0]8GA-%I:R%1F]V*64#E9F*$RHHP M9

!&B


3DR73LDYE88B%45H
ME:ILR[JC#&/LNMFN

M/+CIL&^0=B-#+N^25.J-IDP6%II-R+ZO()!)OZX4/?HC4+!ZI,;6N=MS:D
MTF (I84HR


?:J4BK
MD443&-\)

MV&9=5P(
CX2P^LP@0I07M1@


MK R&JD
1\RN;0HB-H4T)J@!E



$6M+QBA8UZ37ZB8/.S(92N;B3
M8#.#P5



)@ C
M=A=GV21U7K1?F!?&%B:FVXPRF1Q#QA4%$#RC\&OXGU0I9

M@JN8].%MFI(5/]M=
':.C
IRZYX.






I!)^

T4H10

F@ B(1CMKT#&14 1T6
J6S]5@U(B



M0#HDB$FP]^'@(ER3

M:W#S+XL0\5: 9+GAS8+
BXX!*U22'FH62;NB*/E&+_O0(+DO.
/I(\[F]%5[

M*N!VYTR!(+294@Y1&0/@S%U?R%S=F,F^OKWB*[A_PWTB6^QLF*[CG3E?DR
M?MCF



M Y=@]G4[@=1%&EPF

 
L%3TF7
M(N@_O

0
K
N^J55.?

]$%586QMY@+S4HJ6P&..RQN1%WS6;
;W-Y@!5G5)G4
MA.
2H
M;NNHNS*$73@#<$* ZEF.K5_;M22J1(%,C6P(D:<;JHJ6Z$1@]@. G3RENB\

M*FF3Q-E'O$Y2W+Y207[(\M 7M=D.Q0%JUBFLD+PY6;[22QL!-06CIF2T8D57






0C*G*$!-D'[



MZ(;OW[\_SOZZ;EIK^?(01^MGG!VOV=GT3/\:MJ7.'A!Y*Q=XU]D&0#2OH8
MC]N_398-QNPKP;#T\'9\-T+8[6RL\T&.
(WL*YQW[2@;%YZCR&Y'$5XV5(
MX!SC(!L5QZS5

M/

O::V/;(S S'5Q2-
0A]$
M.KPU$G;

MZ6BCINO[.*6VBQ8S'(5^*5M.ZX8T$_8OJ
TR-*99.6$UM.V:']DXW$4GX
M$,$;G$ R Z_@@?4LYDQUOGHQ?[7'3
90PI;*)U2I80=


M@^D#@7^F](F3)Q5%\MJ[


0SH

@5V@


 @DMHC 9 GC!772/L;X.7ED=_@ 9'@$@B\H-[B @U8!&9
MNR6(HO7!J@B12D-%)'YT#XE&B6TB\ BC2




MZ4




6GB-NKZQDB.@1.G=*&MR2;$AT=B+0*G!41B\=U B9-L*(5*1F<O/

M
#5-N(':-@7M!B9K25]G.+^0'RT6



29E!$@))R'
M
)!.E1I=V(L(

3
FR;$82=6!2;\66%


?0A




MI[N_[B

9=@D!;B?8A_] -)#
M)K .*F.3Q6.LO7KT4^*C'T1J*MDK'F8+R-A@!=EO_D%+3.PN(6/]-62LN8CL

M[@ZIB-
X.T\





O'





TT?04D-/=UJ




]/%0PM-MU#\'8:+1R;3

'8MUO9



]MT

-?Y !
DG$
#/B&IXEF6PP&D\2Q^B

MSK*G\Q$A

MNZU:H0?[Y
5_!&@!+W'



0;?DNRMJ1HAKH/2X=
([A U5 RC?G



MU8?MW(I]H&N@EEYAWE:L5BV\[LP+?/8%%U=%;LRX3M1F[^TV=X\SKDE!=\7M





AS M1CN.B^O\HGYJN7HJ9RAT

C%(DK$Z5#I.!8OPHU8'3VY'9W@=.2U0L#Z0\%U9V
MP:&CA














RPF\SEDJ6YPP^@M2.#Z;0)AAJKJM-:N5YNSGA35JH/2

'&+I
=!VPO



C *


M-I^+U\2+CDE.A94XMK\FX


!CFA98CJ[$:-/
MCAKJ[B@/%'Y'KMP;=C
69 IS VUVZ)@K.(KP
WO='[OVO*6*CY\@&;/2ZEEX
M1]F]1ZL;O3-\=5544_[HJ+2].[,PEFJ.&VM;OL- !(\I;.XLI[JE(0@G [
M5:O)5-E.K?MA7_2^D2I'3BCOH1J)K-YL5










C Q
C
Q+GAM;%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( /!BE5(F^ONP5@P  '![   1                7N  !F

C Q
C


C Q
C
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 
4

M             ( !CJ8  &9P9FDM
C R
#$R
S%?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0

end



