

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000812128-15-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		76
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20151031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20151217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20151217
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANDERSON FARMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000812128
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	POULTRY SLAUGHTERING AND PROCESSING [2015]
		IRS NUMBER:				640615843
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MS
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14977
		FILM NUMBER:		151292257
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 N 13TH AVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 988
		CITY:			LAUREL
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39441
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6016494030
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 N 13TH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 988
		CITY:			LAUREL
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39441












		


Washington
October&#160;31
SANDERSON FARMS
Laurel
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
$1
229
955
December&#160;10
22
565
&#32;shares of common stock
Market for the Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
&#32;This Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed by Sanderson Farms
 Inc.
 a Mississippi corporation. Except where the context indicates otherwise
 the terms &#8220;Registrant
&#8221; &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;Sanderson Farms
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221; refer to Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and its subsidiaries and predecessor organizations. The use of these terms to refer to Sanderson Farms
October&#160;31
 2015
&#32;Except for Item&#160;4A herein
 the Item numbers and letters appearing in this Annual Report correspond with those used in Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K (and
 to the extent that it is incorporated into Form 10-K
 those used in SEC Regulation S-K) as effective on the date hereof
 which specifies the information required to be included in Annual Reports to the SEC. Item&#160;4A (&#8220;Executive Officers of the Registrant&#8221;) has been included by the Registrant in accordance with General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K and Instruction 3 of Item&#160;401(b) of Regulation S-K. The information contained in this Annual Report is
 unless indicated to be given as of a specified date or for a specified period
 given as of the date of this Report
December&#160;17
The Registrant was incorporated in Mississippi in 1955
 and is a fully-integrated poultry processing company engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken products. In addition
 the Registrant is engaged in the processing
 marketing and distribution of prepared chicken through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Sanderson Farms
The Registrant sells ice pack
 chill pack
 bulk pack and frozen chicken
 in whole
 cut-up and boneless form
 primarily under the Sanderson Farms&#174; brand name to retailers
 distributors
 and casual dining operators principally in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States
October&#160;31
 2015
&#32;chickens
&#32;industry statistics
The Registrant&#8217;s chicken operations presently encompass 9 hatcheries
 8 feed mills and 10 processing plants
 including the facilities at its new Palestine
 Texas complex. The Registrant began operations at the new Palestine hatchery in November 2014
&#32;institutional and consumer packaged partially cooked or marinated chicken items that it sells nationally and regionally
Since the Registrant completed the initial public offering of its common stock in May 1987
 the Registrant has significantly expanded its operations to increase production capacity
 product lines and marketing flexibility. Through 1997
 this growth included the expansion of the Registrant&#8217;s Hammond
 Louisiana processing facility; the construction of new wastewater facilities at the Hammond
 Louisiana and Collins and Hazlehurst
 Mississippi processing facilities; the addition of second shifts at the Hammond
 Louisiana and the Laurel
 Hazlehurst
 and Collins
 Mississippi processing facilities; the expansion of freezer and production capacity at its prepared chicken facility in Flowood
 Mississippi; the expansion of freezer capacity at its Hammond
 Louisiana
 and its Laurel and Collins
 Mississippi processing facilities; the addition of deboning capabilities at all of the Registrant&#8217;s poultry processing facilities; the construction and start-up of its McComb
 Mississippi and Bryan
 Texas production and processing facilities
 including a hatchery
 a feed mill
 a processing plant
 and a wastewater treatment facility for each complex; and the expansion and renovation of the hatchery at its Hazlehurst
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2005
 the Registrant began initial operations at a new poultry processing complex in southern Georgia. The complex consists of a feed mill
 hatchery
On August&#160;6
 2007
 the Company began initial operations at a new poultry processing complex in Waco and McLennan County
 Texas. The complex consists of a hatchery
 processing plant and wastewater treatment facility. This complex shares a feed mill located in Robertson County
 Texas with our Bryan
In January 2011
 the Company began initial operations at a new poultry processing complex in Kinston
 North Carolina. The complex consists of a hatchery
 feed mill
 processing plant
In February 2015
 the Company began initial operations at a new poultry processing complex in Palestine
 Texas. The complex consists of a hatchery
 feed mill
 processing plant and wastewater facility with the capacity to process 1.25 million chickens per week for the big bird deboning market. The facility is currently operating at approximately fifty percent of capacity. Before the complex can reach full capacity
 the Company will need to enter into contracts with a sufficient number of independent contract poultry producers to house the live inventory and train our workforce. During fiscal 2015
 the Palestine processing plant processed approximately 116.1 million pounds of dressed poultry meat. The Company expects the Palestine facility to reach full capacity during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
In March 2015
 the Company announced the selection of sites in and near St. Pauls
 North Carolina
 for the construction of its next poultry complex. The completed complex will consist of a hatchery
 processing plant
 wastewater treatment facility
 and an expansion of the Company's existing feed mill in Kinston
 North Carolina.  Construction began in July 2015
 and initial operations of the new complex are expected to begin during the first quarter of fiscal 2017. At full capacity
 the new complex will process 1.25 million chickens per week for the big bird deboning market. Before the complex can open
 we will need to enter into contracts with a sufficient number of independent contract poultry producers to house the live inventory
 obtain permits
 enter into construction contracts
 complete construction
The Company changed its marketing strategy in 1997 to move away from the small bird markets serving primarily the fast food industry to concentrate its production in the retail and big bird deboning markets serving the retail grocery and food service industries. This market shift resulted in larger average bird weights of the chickens processed by the Company
 and substantially increased the number of pounds processed by the Company. In addition
&#32;were funded by cash on hand at November&#160;1
 
April&#160;24
&#32;to
 among other things
&#32;for fiscal years 2015 through 2020
 plus
 for fiscal years 2016 through 2020
&#32;to be carried over from the preceding fiscal year
&#32;in capital expenditures on the construction of the new poultry complex in St. Pauls
 North Carolina
&#32;in capital expenditures on the construction of a potential additional new poultry complex
 which expenditures are in addition to the annual capital expenditure limits. Also in addition to the annual capital expenditure limits
&#32;in capital expenditures on the acquisition of a new aircraft. Under the facility
. The Company has a one-time right
 at any time during the term of the agreement
 to increase the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio then in effect by five percentage points in connection with the construction of either the St. Pauls
October&#160;31
 2015
. The credit is unsecured and
 unless extended
 will expire on April&#160;24
December&#160;10
 2015
 the Company had no outstanding draws under the facility
&#32;outstanding in letters of credit
&#32;million available under the facility. For more information about the facility
 see Item 1.01 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 29
 2015
The Registrant is engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and the preparation
 processing
The Registrant sells chill pack
 ice pack
 bulk pack and frozen chicken
 in whole
 cut-up and boneless form
 primarily under the Sanderson Farms&#174; brand name to retailers
 distributors and casual dining operators principally in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States. During its fiscal year ended October&#160;31
 
&#32;chickens
&#32;dressed pounds. In addition
&#32;industry statistics
The Registrant conducts its chicken operations through Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division)
 both of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. The production subsidiary
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division)
 which has facilities in Laurel
 Collins
 Hazlehurst and McComb
 Mississippi; Bryan
 Waco
 Palestine
 Freestone County
 and Robertson County
 Texas; Adel
 Georgia and Kinston
 North Carolina
 is engaged in the production of chickens to the broiler stage. Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division)
 which has facilities in Laurel
 Collins
 Hazlehurst and McComb
 Mississippi; Hammond
 Louisiana; Bryan
 Palestine
 and Waco
 Texas; Moultrie
 Georgia and Kinston
 North Carolina
 is engaged in the processing
The Registrant conducts its prepared chicken business through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Foods Division)
 which has a facility in Flowood
 Mississippi. The Foods Division is engaged in the processing
&#32;prepared chicken items
 which it sells nationally and regionally
Processed chicken is first salable as an ice packed
 whole chicken. The Registrant adds value to its ice packed
 whole chickens by removing the giblets
 weighing
 packaging and labeling the product to specific customer requirements and cutting and deboning the product based on customer specifications. The additional processing steps of giblet removal
 close tolerance weighing and cutting increase the value of the product to the customer over whole
 ice packed chickens by reducing customer handling and cutting labor and capital costs
 reducing the shrinkage associated with cutting
The Registrant adds additional value to the processed chicken by deep chilling and packaging whole chickens in bags or combinations of fresh chicken parts
 including boneless product
 in various sized
 individual trays under the Registrant&#8217;s brand name
 which then may be weighed and pre-priced
 based on each customer&#8217;s needs. This chill pack process increases the value of the product by extending shelf life
 reducing customer weighing and packaging labor
 and providing the customer with a wide variety of products with uniform
 well designed packaging
To satisfy some customers&#8217; merchandising needs
 the Registrant freezes the chicken product
 which adds value by meeting the customers&#8217; handling
 storage
The following table sets forth
 for the periods indicated
 the contribution
 as a percentage of net sales dollars
Fiscal Year Ended October&#160;31
The three largest market segments in the chicken industry are big bird deboning
The following table sets forth
 for each of the Company&#8217;s poultry processing plants
 the general market segment in which the plant participates
 the weekly capacity of each plant at full capacity expressed in number of head processed
Laurel
625
Hazlehurst
625
Hammond
625
Collins
1
250
Waco
1
250
Palestine
1
250
McComb
1
250
Bryan
1
250
Moultrie
1
250
Kinston
1
250
Those plants that target the big bird deboning market grow a relatively large bird. The dark meat from these birds is sold primarily as frozen leg quarters in the export market or as fresh whole legs to further processors. This dark meat is sold primarily at spot commodity prices
 which prices exhibit fluctuations typical of commodity markets. The white meat produced by these plants is generally sold as fresh deboned breast meat
 chicken tenders and whole or cut wings
 and is likewise sold at spot commodity market prices for wings
 tenders and boneless breast meat. As of October&#160;31
 
 the Company had the capacity to process 5.625&#160;million head per week in its big bird deboning plants
 and its results are materially affected by fluctuations in the commodity market prices for leg quarters
 boneless breast meat
The Urner Barry spot market price for leg quarters
 boneless breast meat
Those plants that target the chill pack retail grocery market grow a medium sized bird and cut and package the product in various sized individual trays to customers&#8217; specifications. The trays are weighed and pre-priced primarily for customers to resell through retail grocery outlets. While the Company sells some of its chill pack product under store brand names
 most of its chill pack production is sold under the Company&#8217;s Sanderson Farms&#174; brand name. The Company has long term contracts with most of its chill pack customers. These agreements
 which provide for the pricing of product based on a formula that uses the Georgia Dock whole bird price as its base
 as well as various other guidelines for the relationship between the parties
 do not require the customers to purchase any specific quantity of product. The Georgia Dock whole bird price is published each week by the Georgia Department of Agriculture and is based on its survey of prices and market conditions during the preceding week. As of October&#160;31
 
 the Company had the capacity to process 5.0&#160;million head per week at its chill pack plants
Those companies with plants dedicated to the small bird market grow and process a relatively small chicken and market the finished product primarily to fast food and food service companies at negotiated flat prices
 cost plus formulas or spot market prices. Based on benchmarking services used by the industry
The Registrant&#8217;s chicken products are sold primarily to retailers (including national and regional supermarket chains and local supermarkets) and distributors located principally in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States. The Registrant also sells its chicken products to casual dining operators and to United States based customers who resell the products outside of the continental United States. This wide range of customers
 together with the Registrant&#8217;s product mix
 provides the Registrant with flexibility in responding to changing market conditions in its effort to maximize profits. This flexibility also assists the Registrant in its efforts to reduce its exposure to market volatility
Sales and distribution of the Registrant&#8217;s chicken products are conducted primarily by sales personnel at the Registrant&#8217;s general corporate offices in Laurel
 Mississippi
 by customer service representatives at each of its processing complexes and one prepared chicken plant and through independent food brokers. Each complex has individual on-site distribution centers and uses the Registrant&#8217;s truck fleet
 as well as contract carriers
Generally
 the Registrant prices much of its chicken products based upon weekly and daily market prices reported by the Georgia Department of Agriculture and by private firms. Consistent with the industry
 the Registrant&#8217;s profitability is affected by such market prices
 which may fluctuate substantially and exhibit cyclical and seasonal characteristics. The Registrant will adjust base prices depending upon value added
 volume
 product mix and other factors. While base prices may change weekly and daily
 the Registrant&#8217;s adjustments are generally negotiated from time to time with the Registrant&#8217;s customers. The Registrant&#8217;s sales are generally made on an as-ordered basis
 and the Registrant maintains some long-term sales contracts with its customers. These agreements
 which provide for the pricing of product based on formulas that use market prices reported by the Georgia Department of Agriculture and by private firms
 as well as various other guidelines for the relationship between the parties
From time to time
 the Registrant may use television
 radio and newspaper advertising
 point of purchase material and other marketing techniques to develop consumer awareness of and brand recognition for its Sanderson Farms&#174; products. The Registrant has achieved a high level of public awareness and acceptance of its products in its core markets. Brand awareness is an important element of the Registrant&#8217;s marketing philosophy
 and it intends to continue brand name merchandising of its products. During calendar 2004
chicken products from competitors&#8217; products. The campaign noted that the Company&#8217;s product is a natural product free from salt
The Registrant&#8217;s prepared chicken items are sold nationally and regionally
 primarily to distributors and national food service accounts. Sales of such products are handled by sales personnel of the Registrant and by independent food brokers. Prepared chicken items are distributed from the Registrant&#8217;s plant in Flowood
 Mississippi
&#32;The Registrant is a vertically-integrated producer of fresh and frozen chicken products
 controlling the production of hatching eggs
 hatching
 feed manufacturing
 growing
. The Registrant maintains its own breeder flocks for the production of hatching eggs. The Registrant&#8217;s breeder flocks are acquired as one-day old chicks (known as pullets and cockerels) from primary breeding companies that specialize in the production of genetically designed breeder stock. As of October&#160;31
 
 the Registrant maintained contracts with 56 independent contract pullet producers for the grow-out of pullets (growing the pullet to the point at which it is capable of egg production
 which takes approximately six months). Thereafter
 the mature breeder flocks are transported by the Registrant&#8217;s vehicles to breeder farms that are maintained
 as of October&#160;31
 
The Registrant owns and operates nine hatcheries located in Mississippi
 Texas
 Georgia and North Carolina where eggs are incubated
 vaccinated and hatched in a process requiring 21 days. The chicks are vaccinated against common poultry diseases and are transported by the Registrant&#8217;s vehicles to independent contract grow-out farms. As of October&#160;31
 
&#32;independent contract broiler producers
 as of October&#160;31
 
 located in Mississippi
 Texas
 Georgia and North Carolina
 where broilers are grown to an age of approximately seven to nine weeks. The farms provide the Registrant with sufficient housing capacity for its operations
 and are typically family-owned farms operated under contract with the Registrant. The farm owners provide facilities
 utilities and labor; the Registrant supplies the day-old chicks
Historically
&#32;An important factor in the grow-out of chickens is the rate at which chickens convert feed into body weight. The Registrant purchases primary feed ingredients on the open market. Ingredients include corn and soybean meal
 which historically have been the largest cost components of the Registrant&#8217;s total feed costs. The quality and composition of the feed are critical to the conversion rate
 and accordingly
 the Registrant formulates and produces its own feed. As of October&#160;31
 
 the Registrant operated eight feed mills
 four of which are located in Mississippi
 two in Texas
&#32;were approximately 3
932
000 tons
 and it has the capacity to produce approximately 5
223
Feed grains are commodities subject to volatile price changes caused by weather
 size of the harvest
 transportation and storage costs
 domestic and export demand and the agricultural and energy policies of the United States and foreign governments. On October&#160;31
 
 the Registrant had the capacity to store approximately 3
697
000 bushels of corn at its feed mills
 which was sufficient to store all of its weekly requirements for corn. Generally
 the Registrant purchases its corn and other feed ingredients at current prices from suppliers and
 to a limited extent
 directly from farmers. Feed grains are available from an adequate number of sources. Although the Registrant has not experienced and does not anticipate problems in securing adequate supplies of feed grains
 price fluctuations of feed grains have a direct and material effect upon the Registrant&#8217;s profitability. Although the Registrant attempts to manage the risk of volatile price changes in grain markets by sometimes purchasing grain at current prices for future delivery
&#32;Once broilers reach processing weight
 they are transported to the Registrant&#8217;s processing plants. These plants use modern
 highly automated equipment to process and package the chickens. The Registrant&#8217;s McComb and Collins
 Mississippi; Moultrie
 Georgia; Kinston
 North Carolina and Bryan and Waco
lines on a double shift basis and each had the capacity to process approximately 1
250
000 chickens per week on October&#160;31
. The Registrant&#8217;s Palestine
 Texas processing plant had the capacity to operate two processing lines on a double shift basis and to process approximately 1
250
000 chickens per week at full capacity. As of October&#160;31
 
 the Palestine processing plant was operating at approximately fifty percent of its capacity. The Registrant&#8217;s Laurel and Hazlehurst
 Mississippi and Hammond
 Louisiana processing plants operate on a double shift basis and collectively had the capacity to process approximately 1
875
000 chickens per week on October&#160;31
. At October&#160;31
 
Sanderson Farms
&#32;The facilities of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Foods Division) are located in Flowood
 Mississippi in a plant with approximately 75
000 square feet of refrigerated manufacturing and storage space. The plant uses highly automated equipment to prepare
&#32;The Registrant&#8217;s laboratory and corporate offices are located on separate sites in Laurel
 Mississippi. The office building houses the Company&#8217;s corporate offices
 meeting facilities and computer equipment and constitutes the corporate headquarters. As of October&#160;31
 
 the Registrant operated 12 automotive maintenance shops
 which service approximately 1
100 over-the-road and farm vehicles used to support the Registrant's operations. In addition
 the Registrant has one child care facility located near its Collins
 Mississippi processing plant
 serving over 130 children on October&#160;31
The Registrant believes that quality control is important to its business and conducts quality control activities throughout all aspects of its operations. The Registrant believes these activities are beneficial to efficient production and in assuring its customers receive wholesome
From its company owned laboratory in Laurel
 Mississippi
 the Director of Technical Services supervises the operation of a modern
 well-equipped laboratory which
 among other things
 monitors sanitation at the hatcheries
 quality and purity of the Registrant&#8217;s feed ingredients and feed
 the health of the Registrant&#8217;s breeder flocks and broilers
 and conducts microbiological tests on live chickens
The Registrant&#8217;s facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various federal and state agencies
 including
 but not limited to
 the Federal Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (&#8220;USDA&#8221;)
 the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
 the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and corresponding state agencies. The Registrant&#8217;s chicken processing plants are subject to continuous on-site inspection by the USDA. The Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Foods Division) prepared chicken plant operates under the USDA&#8217;s Total Quality Control Program
The Registrant takes extensive precautions to ensure that its flocks are healthy and that its processing plants and other facilities operate in a healthy and environmentally sound manner. Events beyond the control of the Registrant
 however
 such as an outbreak of disease in its flocks or the adoption by governmental agencies of more stringent regulations
The primary methods of competition are price
 product quality
 number of products offered
&#8220;Business &#8212; Sales and Marketing.&#8221; Although poultry is relatively inexpensive in comparison with other meats
 the Registrant competes indirectly with the producers of other meats and fish
One customer accounted for more than 10% of the Registrant&#8217;s consolidated sales for the years ended October&#160;31
 
. Sales to that customer accounted for 16.2%
 15.9% and 14.2% of the Company&#8217;s consolidated net sales in fiscal 
 
 respectively. The Company does not believe the loss of this or any other single customer would have a material adverse effect on the Company because it could sell poultry earmarked for any single customer to alternative customers at market prices.
 the Registrant purchased its pullets and cockerels from a single major breeder. The Registrant has found the genetic breeds or cross breeds supplied by this company produce chickens most suitable to the Registrant&#8217;s purposes. The Registrant has no written contracts with this breeder for the supply of breeder stock. Other sources of breeder stock are available
Should breeder stock from its present supplier not be available for any reason
Other major raw materials used by the Registrant include feed grains and other feed ingredients
The Registrant has registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office the trademark Sanderson Farms&#174;
The Registrant
 over the years
 has developed important non-public proprietary information regarding product related matters. While the Registrant has internal safeguards and procedures to protect the confidentiality of such information
As of October&#160;31
 
12
&#32;employees
 including 1
554 salaried and 10
710 hourly employees. A collective bargaining agreement with the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union covering 495 hourly employees who work at the Registrant&#8217;s processing plant in Hammond
 Louisiana expires on November&#160;30
The production
 maintenance and clean-up employees at the Company&#8217;s Bryan
 Texas poultry processing facility are represented by the United Food and Commercial Workers Union Local #408
 AFL-CIO. A collective bargaining agreement covering 1
245 employees expires on December&#160;31
 2017. The collective bargaining agreement has a grievance procedure and no strike-no lockout clause that should assist in maintaining stable labor relations at the Bryan
 Texas processing facility.
 
&#32;totaled approximately $2
662.5 million
 $2
556.7 million and $2
457.8 million
The Company sells certain of its products to foreign customers and customers who resell the product in foreign markets. These foreign markets for fiscal 2015 were primarily Mexico
 Central Asia
 China and the Middle East. For fiscal 2014 and 2013
 these foreign markets were primarily Mexico
 Russia
 China
 Eastern Europe and the Carribean. These gross export sales for fiscal years 
 
 
 respectively. The Company&#8217;s export sales are facilitated through independent food brokers located in the United States and the Company&#8217;s internal sales staff. For a discussion of risks related to our foreign markets
Our address on the World Wide Web is http://www.sandersonfarms.com. The information on our web site is not a part of this document. Our annual reports on Form 10-K
 our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 our current reports on Form 8-K
 and all amendments to those reports and the Company&#8217;s corporate code of conduct are available
 free of charge
In addition to the other information set forth in this report
 you should carefully consider the following factors
 which could materially affect our business
 financial condition or results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business
Industry cyclicality can affect our earnings
Profitability in the poultry industry is materially affected by the commodity prices of feed ingredients
 chicken
 and
 to a lesser extent
 alternative proteins. These prices are determined by supply and demand factors
 and supply and demand factors in respect of feed ingredients and chicken may not correlate. As a result
 the poultry industry is subject to wide fluctuations that are called cycles. Typically we do well when chicken prices are high and feed prices are low. We do less well
 and sometimes have losses
 when chicken prices are low and feed prices are high. For example
 grain prices during 2011 were high
 while prices for chicken products did not increase proportionally
 and the Company lost money. During 2012 and 2013
 grain prices remained high
 but market prices for chicken also increased
 and the Company was profitable. During fiscal 2014
 grain prices declined while market prices for chicken increased
Various factors can affect the supply of corn and soybean meal
 which are the primary ingredients of the feed we use. In particular
 global weather patterns
 including adverse weather conditions that may result from climate change
 the global level of supply inventories and demand for feed ingredients
 currency fluctuations and the agricultural and energy policies of the United States and foreign governments all affect the supply of feed ingredients. Weather patterns often change agricultural conditions in an unpredictable manner. A sudden and significant change in weather patterns could affect supplies of feed ingredients
 as well as both the industry&#8217;s and our ability to obtain feed ingredients
 grow chickens or deliver products. For example
 historic drought conditions in the Midwestern United States in 2012 had a significant adverse effect on the supply and price of feed grains in fiscal 2012 and the first three quarters of 2013. In recent years
Increases in the prices of feed ingredients will result in increases in raw material costs and operating costs. Because prices for our products are related to the commodity prices of chickens
 which depend on the supply and demand dynamics of fresh chicken
 we typically are not able to increase our product prices to offset these increased grain costs. Although we periodically enter into contracts to purchase feed ingredients at current prices for future delivery to manage our feed ingredient costs
 this practice does not eliminate the risk of increased operating costs from commodity price increases. In addition
 if we are unsuccessful in our grain buying strategy
Prepared chicken and poultry inventories
 and inventories of feed
 eggs
 medication
 packaging supplies and live chickens
 are stated on our balance sheet at the lower of cost (average method) or market value. Our cost of sales is calculated during a period by adding the value of our inventories at the beginning of the period to the cost of growing
 processing and distributing products produced during the period and subtracting the value of our inventories at the end of the period. If the market prices of our inventories are below the accumulated cost of those inventories at the end of a period
For example
 for the fiscal year ended October&#160;31
 2011
 we recorded a charge of $9.0 million to lower the value of live broiler inventories on hand at that date from cost to estimated market value because the estimated market price for the products to be produced from those live chickens
 when sold
 was estimated to be below the estimated cost to grow
 process and distribute those chickens. The $9.0 million adjustment to inventory on October&#160;31
 2011
 effectively absorbed into fiscal 2011 a portion of the costs to grow
 process and distribute chickens that we would have otherwise incurred in the first quarter of fiscal 2012
 thereby benefiting fiscal 2012. Any similar adjustments that we make in the future could be material
Outbreaks of avian disease
 such as avian influenza
 or the perception that outbreaks may occur
Events beyond our control
 such as the outbreak of avian disease
 even if it does not affect our flocks
 could significantly restrict our ability to conduct our operations or our sales. An outbreak of disease could result in governmental restrictions on the import and export of fresh and frozen chicken
 including our fresh and frozen chicken products
 or other products to or from our suppliers
 facilities or customers
 or require us to destroy one or more of our flocks. This could result in the cancellation of orders by our customers and create adverse publicity that may have a material adverse effect on our business
 reputation and prospects. In addition
 world-wide fears about avian disease
 such as avian influenza
 have
 in the past
 depressed demand for fresh chicken
In previous years there has been substantial publicity regarding a highly pathogenic Asian strain of avian influenza
 or AI
 known as H5N1
 which has affected Asia since 2002 and which has been found in Europe
 the Middle East and Africa. It is widely believed that this strain of AI is spread by migratory birds
 such as ducks and geese. There have also been some cases where this strain of AI is believed to have passed from birds to humans as humans came into contact with live birds that were infected with the disease. During the first calendar quarter of 2013
 there was also substantial publicity regarding a low pathogenic strain of avian influenza
 known as H7N9
 which affected eastern and northern China. It is widely believed that H7N9 circulates in wild birds and may have been transmitted to domestic poultry in live bird markets in and around Shanghai and Beijing. It is also believed that the virus has passed from live birds to humans as humans came into contact with live birds that were infected with the disease. Through May 2013
 the virus was believed to have sickened at least 130 people and caused at least 33 deaths. There have been no reported incidents of the virus since May 2013. No human to human transmission of the disease has been proved
 and there is no evidence to suggest that the consumption of properly prepared and cooked poultry could transmit the virus to humans. However
 fear associated with this outbreak dampened demand for poultry
 including our products
 in the affected areas of China. A recurrence of this outbreak
 or others similar to it
 could have a material negative effect on world demand for poultry
Although the Asian strains of AI described above have not been identified in North America
 there have been outbreaks of both low and high pathogenic strains of non-Asian avian influenza in North America
 including in the U.S. in 2002
 2004
 2006 and 2015
 and in Mexico in 2005
 2012 and 2013.  During calendar 2013
 a relatively widespread outbreak of a highly pathogenic strain of non-Asian avian influenza
 known as H7N3
 affected live poultry in several states in central Mexico. The Company has no operations in Mexico
 and our live chickens were not affected by this outbreak. In an effort to prevent the spread of the virus
 the Mexican government and poultry industry reportedly culled approximately 27.5 million chickens in Mexico and undertook an extensive vaccination program in the affected areas of that country. These practices reduced the supply of available poultry in Mexico
 and increased demand in Mexico for poultry produced in the United States
 including our products. In August 2015
Until 2015
 the outbreaks in North America have not generated the same level of concern
 or received the same level of publicity
 or been accompanied by the same reduction in demand for poultry products in certain countries
 as that associated with the Asian strains.  Beginning in January 2015
 however
 the United States experienced what some industry observers believe was the worst avian influenza outbreak in United States history.  According to the United States Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS)
 approximately 7.8 million turkeys and 40.3 million chickens were affected in the United States by this avian influenza outbreak
 and the last reported case was in June 2015.  The affected chickens were almost all hens that lay eggs for the table egg industry
 and not broiler chickens such as those we raise.  We have a high degree of confidence in our industry&#8217;s biosecurity program
 but we cannot be certain our flocks or others in our industry will not be affected.  Given our high degree of confidence in our biosecurity programs
 we believe the primary risks associated with this outbreak of avian influenza are market risks
 as many countries to which our industry sells product have imposed partial or total bans on the import of broiler meat produced in the United States as a result of this outbreak.  The duration of such bans varies by country
 and there is no certainty regarding when
 or if
 any particular country will lift a ban. As a result of these bans
 the market price for leg quarters is significantly below historical averages.  During our fourth fiscal quarter ended October 31
 2015
 quoted market prices for leg quarters were lower by 53.3% when compared to the fourth fiscal quarter of 2014.  For more information on the impact of this outbreak on exports
While domestic demand for broiler meat was not materially affected by the 2015 outbreak
 we cannot assure you that further spread of avian influenza or the outbreak of the Asian strains of avian influenza either in other countries or in the United States will not materially adversely affect both domestic and international demand for poultry products produced in the United States.  Because the virus is carried by migratory water fowl
 it is possible the virus could be spread to domestic poultry flocks during any seasonal migration of those water fowl. If avian influenza were to affect a significant number of our flocks
 or materially reduce domestic demand for our products
 either or both of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business
Nearly all of our customers are based in the United States
 but some of our product is sold directly to foreign customers
 and some of our United States based customers resell poultry products in the export markets. Our chicken products have been sold in Russia and other former Soviet countries
 China and Mexico
&#32;were to export markets
 including approximately $122.5 million to Mexico
 $20.0 million to China and $33.9 million to countries in Central Asia. Any disruption to the export markets
 such as trade embargoes
 tariffs
 import bans
 duties or quotas can materially affect our sales or create an oversupply of chicken in the United States. This
 in turn
On February 5
 2010
 China announced that it would impose anti-dumping duties on U.S. chicken products beginning on February 13
 2010. The duty applicable to Sanderson Farms products was 64.5%. On April 28
 2010
 China imposed countervailing duties on United States chicken products
 raising the duty applicable to Sanderson Farms&#8217; products by 6.1% to 70.6%. A challenge to China&#8217;s anti-dumping determination was filed by the U.S. Government with the World Trade Organization (WTO)
 which ruled in favor of the U.S. on September 25
 2013. China did not appeal the WTO ruling. On July 8
 2014
 China announced that it had re-investigated charges that United States chicken exporters dump product in the China domestic market
 causing substantial harm to the local industry. Despite the WTO&#8217;s findings
 China announced that its re-investigation revealed that United States exporters continue to dump product into the local China market. While China announced lower anti-dumping tariffs on certain United States producers in its July 8
 2014 announcement
 the tariffs actually increased on most United States producers
 including Sanderson Farms. The United States government continues to believe that the WTO ruling was correct and that China&#8217;s anti-dumping determination lacks merit. Accordingly
 the United States government challenged China&#8217;s most recent actions at the WTO
On January 8
 2015
 China announced a ban on the import of United States poultry meat following the discovery of avian influenza in a wild bird in the Pacific Northwest. There has been no indication from China of how long the ban will last. Avian influenza has since been detected in commercial poultry flocks in fifteen states. During fiscal 2014
 the Company sold approximately 74.9 million pounds of poultry meat
 primarily chicken paws and wing tips
 to customers who resold the product in China
 reflecting approximately $62.1 million in total sales. Because there are no material domestic or export markets for these products other than China
 the Company is currently rendering most of those products for significantly lower returns. As a result
 during fiscal 2015 the Company sold only approximately 22.8 million pounds of poultry meat
 primarily chicken paws and wing tips
 to customers who resold the product in China
 reflecting approximately $20.0 million in total sales
 compared to approximately 74.9 million pounds
 reflecting approximately $62.1 million in total sales
 during fiscal 2014. The fiscal 2015 sales occurred prior to the ban's effective date. Based on market prices and sales volume when the ban took effect
 the Company estimates the ban costs approximately $4.3 million per month
 before taxes
On August 6
 2012
 Mexico imposed anti-dumping duties on chicken drumstick and thigh imports from the United States
 establishing the duty applicable to Sanderson Farms&#8217; products at 25.7%. However
 Mexico suspended the implementation of the duties amidst concerns that food inflation may occur as a result. While we do not know whether or when Mexico might impose the anti-dumping duties
 their implementation could reduce our revenues and profits. On October 2
 2012
 pursuant to the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
 the U.S. poultry industry
 including Sanderson Farms
 Inc.
On August 8
 2014
 Russia announced economic sanctions against countries that have imposed economic sanctions on Russia in response to Russia&#8217;s recent actions in Ukraine. The Russian sanctions include a ban on imports of chicken from the United States. During fiscal 2014
 Sanderson Farms sold approximately 90.9 million pounds of chicken for approximately $36.0 million to customers who resold the product in Russia. Unlike previous Russian bans on United States poultry imports when Russia represented a much larger share of total industry exports
 the current ban has had a relatively smaller impact. Russia represented only 7% of total United States exports of chicken during calendar 2013
In addition to the specific bans listed above
 several countries have imposed varying degrees of bans on United States poultry imports as a result of the avian influenza outbreak in the United States during 2015. The bans vary in degree in that some apply to all United States poultry imports
 while others are specific to the areas of the country in which avian influenza has been detected. The collective result of these bans is a decreased demand for the Company's dark meat products
 which are the Company's primary exports. The duration of such bans varies by country
 and there is no certainty regarding when
 or if
Overall industry exports of chicken parts
 excluding paws
for the reasons described above. For more information regarding the impact of the 2015 outbreak
In general
Competitive factors vary by major markets. In the food service market
 competition is based on consistent quality
 product development
 service and price. In the U.S. retail grocery market
 we believe that competition is based on product quality
 brand awareness
&#32;fiscal year. Our non-chill pack customers
 with all of whom we do not have long-term contracts
 could significantly reduce or cease their purchases from us with little or no advance notice
Consumer preferences evolve over time and the success of our food products depends on our ability to identify the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences. We introduce new products and improved products from time to time and incur significant development and marketing cost. If our products fail to meet consumer preference
Inclement weather
 such as excessive heat or storms
 could hurt our flocks
Extreme weather in the Gulf South and Mid-Atlantic regions where we operate
 such as extreme temperatures
 hurricanes or other storms
 could impair the health or growth of our flocks or interfere with our hatching
 production or shipping operations. Some scientists believe that climate change could increase the frequency and severity of adverse weather events. Extreme weather
 regardless of its cause
 could affect our business due to power outages; fuel shortages; damage to infrastructure from powerful winds
 rising water or extreme temperatures; disruption of shipping channels; less efficient or non-routine operating practices necessitated by adverse weather or increased costs of insurance coverage in the aftermath of such events
 among other things. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. We may not be able to recover through insurance all of the damages
 losses or costs that may result from weather events
We depend substantially on the leadership of a small number of executive officers and other key employees. We have employment agreements with only three of these persons (our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 our President and Chief Operating Officer
 and our Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer)
 and those with whom we have no agreement would not be bound by non-competition agreements or non-solicitation agreements if they were to leave us. The loss of the services of these persons could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. In addition
 we may not be able to attract
 retain and train the new management personnel we need for our new complexes
We depend on the availability of
 and good relations with
12
&#32;employees
&#32;of which are covered by collective bargaining agreements. In addition
 we contract with approximately 833 independent contract poultry producers in Mississippi
 Texas
 North Carolina and Georgia for the grow-out of our breeder and broiler stock and the production of broiler eggs. Our operations depend on the availability of labor and contract growers and maintaining good relations with these persons and with labor unions. If we fail to maintain good relations with our employees or with the unions
 we may experience labor strikes or work stoppages. If we do not attract and maintain contracts with our growers
 including new growers for our new poultry complexes
We depend on accurate and timely information and numerical data from key software applications to aid our day-to-day business
 financial reporting and decision-making and
 in many cases
 proprietary and custom-designed software is necessary to operate equipment in our feed mills
 hatcheries and processing plants. We have put in place disaster recovery plans for our critical systems. However
 any disruption caused by the failure of these systems (including through computer viruses or cyber-attacks)
 the underlying equipment
 or communication networks could delay or otherwise adversely impact our day-to-day business and decision making
 could make it impossible for us to operate critical equipment
 and could have a materially adverse effect on our performance
 if our disaster recovery plans do not mitigate the disruption. Disruptions could be caused by a variety of factors
 such as catastrophic events or weather
 power outages
Immigration reform continues to attract significant attention in the public arena and the United States Congress. If new immigration legislation is enacted at the federal level or in states in which we do business
 such legislation may contain provisions that could make it more difficult or costly for us to hire United States citizens and/or legal immigrant workers. In such case
 we may incur additional costs to run our business or may have to change the way we conduct our operations
 either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition. Also
 despite our past and continuing efforts to hire only United States citizens and/or persons legally authorized to work in the United States
 increased enforcement efforts with respect to existing immigration laws by governmental authorities may disrupt a portion of our workforce or our operations at one or more of our facilities
If our poultry products become contaminated
Poultry products may contain disease-producing organisms
 or pathogens
 such as Listeria monocytogenes
 Salmonella and generic E. coli. These pathogens are generally found in the environment and
 as a result
 there is a risk that they could be present in our processed poultry products as a result of food processing. In addition
 it is possible foreign material such as metal
 plastic or other material used in our processing plants could contaminate product during processing. Pathogens or foreign material can also be introduced as a result of improper handling by our customers
 consumers or third parties after we have shipped the products. We control these risks through careful processing and testing of our finished product
 but we cannot entirely eliminate them. We have little
 if any
 control over proper handling once the product has been shipped. Nevertheless
 contamination that results from improper handling by our customers
 consumers or third parties
 or tampering with our products by those persons
 may be blamed on us. Any publicity regarding product contamination or resulting illness or death could adversely affect us even if we did not cause the contamination and could have a material adverse effect on our business
We are exposed to risks relating to product liability
 product recalls
 property damage and injuries to persons
 for which insurance coverage is expensive
Our business operations entail a number of risks
 including risks relating to product liability claims
 product recalls
 property damage and injuries to persons. We currently maintain insurance with respect to certain of these risks
 including product liability and recall insurance
 property insurance
 workers compensation insurance and general liability insurance
We would be adversely affected if we expand our business by acquiring other businesses or by building new processing plants
We regularly evaluate expansion opportunities such as acquiring other businesses or building new processing plants. Significant expansion involves risks such as additional debt
 integrating the acquired business or new plant into our operations
 attracting and retaining growers
 and identifying customers for the additional product we generate. In evaluating expansion opportunities
 we carefully consider the effect that financing the opportunity will have on our financial condition. Successful expansion depends on our ability to integrate the acquired business or efficiently run the new plant. If we are unable to do this
 expansion could adversely affect our operations
The poultry industry is subject to federal
 state
 local and foreign governmental regulation relating to the processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising
 labeling
 quality and safety of food products. Unknown matters
 new laws and regulations
 or stricter interpretations of existing laws or regulations may materially affect our business or operations in the future. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to administrative penalties and civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions and recalls of our products. Our operations are also subject to extensive and increasingly stringent regulations administered by the Environmental Protection Agency
 which pertain to the discharge of materials into the environment and the handling and disposition of wastes. Failure to comply with these regulations can have serious consequences
The removal of federal meat and poultry inspectors from our plants due to federal government budget constraints
 or any other reason
The Poultry Products Inspection Act prohibits the production
 processing or interstate distribution of poultry meat without federal inspection. To implement this law
The Budget Control Act of 2011 mandates mandatory cuts in the budgets of many governmental agencies in the United States. Such cuts
 commonly referred to as &#8220;sequestration
&#8221; took effect on March&#160;1
In a letter dated February&#160;12
 2013
 Thomas J. Vilsack
 the U.S. Secretary of Agriculture
 indicated that while furloughing food safety inspectors is the &#8220;last option&#8221; the USDA would implement to achieve necessary sequestration cuts
 such action may be necessary in order to comply with the mandates of the Budget Control Act of 2011. Because applicable law would prohibit us from operating our poultry processing plants without the presence of federal inspectors
 we would have to shut down our processing plants and our live chickens would continue to mature
 possibly reaching weights that exceed the market standards demanded by our customers. In addition
To date
 funding for meat inspectors has been provided at levels adequate to allow uninterrupted operations. However
 if funding for the USDA inspection program is not maintained
The market price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors such as the following
market cyclicality and fluctuations in the price of feed grains and chicken products
quarterly variations in our operating results
changes in investor perceptions of the poultry industry in general
In addition
 purchases or sales of large quantities of our stock
 or significant short positions in our stock
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter and by-laws
 as well as certain provisions of Mississippi law
Our articles of incorporation and by-laws contain provisions that may discourage attempts to acquire control of our company without the approval of our board of directors. These provisions
 among others
 include a classified board of directors
 advance notification requirements for stockholders to nominate persons for election to the board and to make stockholder proposals
 and special stockholder voting requirements. These measures
 and any others we may adopt in the future
 as well as applicable provisions of Mississippi law
 may discourage offers to acquire us and may permit our board of directors to choose not to entertain offers to purchase us
 even offers that are at a substantial premium to the market price of our stock. Our stockholders may therefore be deprived of opportunities to profit from a sale of control of our company
 and as a result
Our business may be adversely affected by weak national or global economic conditions
 including inflation
 unfavorable currency exchange rates and interest rates
 the lack of availability of credit on reasonable terms
 changes in consumer spending rates and habits
 unemployment and underemployment
 and a tight energy supply and high energy costs. Our business could be negatively affected if efforts and initiatives of the governments of the United States and other countries to manage and stimulate the economy fail or result in worsening economic conditions. Deteriorating economic conditions could negatively affect consumer demand for protein generally or our products specifically
 consumers&#8217; ability to afford our products
Disruptions in credit and other financial markets caused by deteriorating or weak national and international economic conditions could
 among other things
 make it more difficult for us
 our customers or our growers or prospective growers to obtain financing and credit on reasonable terms
 cause lenders to change their practice with respect to the industry generally or our company specifically in terms of granting credit extensions and terms
 impair the financial condition of our customers
 suppliers or growers making it difficult for them to meet their obligations and supply raw material
 or impair the financial condition of our insurers
For any new complex that we build
 our ability to complete construction on a timely basis and within budget is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties described below. In addition
 when a new complex becomes operational
In order to complete construction of a new facility
 we need to take a significant number of steps and obtain a number of approvals and permits
 none of which we can assure you will be obtained. In particular
 for each new complex
If we are unable to complete construction on schedule
 attract independent contract poultry producers
 find customers for the additional product generated by the new complex
 run the complex efficiently
 or otherwise achieve the expected benefits of our new facilities
Location (City
Poultry processing plant
Laurel
Poultry processing plant
McComb
Poultry processing plant
Hazlehurst and Gallman
Poultry processing plant
Bryan and Robertson Counties
Poultry processing plant
Moultrie and Adel
Poultry processing plant
Kinston and Lenoir County
Poultry processing plant
Palestine and Freestone County
Waco
Hammond
Poultry processing plant
 hatchery
Collins
Flowood
Laurel
The Registrant owns substantially all of its major operating facilities with the following exceptions: one processing plant and feed mill complex is leased on an annual renewal basis through 2063 with an option to purchase at a nominal amount at the end of the lease term. One processing plant complex is leased under four leases
 which are renewable annually through 2061
 2063
 2075 and 2073
There are no material encumbrances on the major operating facilities owned by the Registrant
 except that
 under the terms of the Company&#8217;s revolving credit agreement
Management believes that the Company&#8217;s facilities are suitable for its current purposes
The Company is involved in various claims and litigation incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be determined with certainty
 management
 upon the advice of counsel
The Company recognizes the costs of legal defense for the legal proceedings to which it is a party in the periods incurred. After a considerable analysis of each case
 the Company determines the amount of reserves required
 if any. At this time
 the Company has not accrued any reserve for any of these matters. Future reserves may be required if losses are deemed reasonably estimable and probable due to changes in the Company&#8217;s assumptions
 the effectiveness of legal strategies
Joe F. Sanderson
President and Chief Operating Officer
Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer
Joe F. Sanderson
 Jr. has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant since November&#160;1
 1989
 and as Chairman of the Board since January&#160;8
 1998. Mr.&#160;Sanderson served as President from November&#160;1
 1989
 to October&#160;21
 2004. From January 1984 to November 1989
 Mr.&#160;Sanderson served as Vice-President
Lampkin Butts was elected President and Chief Operating Officer of the Registrant effective October&#160;21
 2004. From November&#160;1
 1996
 to October&#160;21
 2004
 Mr.&#160;Butts served as Vice President &#8212; Sales and was elected to the Board of Directors on February&#160;19
 1998. Prior to that time
Mike Cockrell became Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant effective November&#160;1
 1993
 and was elected to the Board of Directors on February&#160;19
 1998. Prior to that time
 for more than five years
 Mr.&#160;Cockrell was a member and shareholder of the Jackson
 Mississippi law firm of Wise Carter Child&#160;&amp; Caraway
Tim Rigney became Secretary of the Registrant effective November&#160;1
 2012. Mr.&#160;Rigney also began service as Chief Accounting Officer on that date. Prior to that time
The Company entered into employment agreements with Messrs. Sanderson
 Butts and Cockrell dated as of September&#160;15
 2009. Each of these agreements was amended and restated on November 1
 2015. The term of the agreements ends when the officer&#8217;s employment terminates under the provisions of the agreement. The agreements provide for severance payments to be paid to the officers if their employment is terminated in certain circumstances
Market for the Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
The number of stockholders of record as of December&#160;14
 2015
 was 3
The number of beneficial owners of our stock is greater than the number of holders of record
The amount of future common stock dividends will depend on our earnings
 financial condition
 capital requirements
 the effect a dividen would have on the Company's compliance with financial covenants and other factors
On December&#160;14
 2015
&#32;fiscal quarter
Aug. 1 - Aug. 31
1
000
Sep. 1 - Sep. 30
1
1
1
000
Oct. 1 - Oct. 31
82
82
1
000
83
83
1
000
All purchases were made pursuant to the Company&#8217;s Stock Incentive Plan adopted February&#160;17
 2011
On April 23
 2015
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors expanded and extended the share repurchase program originally approved on October 22
 2009
 under which the Company may purchase up to one million shares of its common stock in open market transactions or negotiated purchases
 subject to market conditions
 share price and other considerations. The authorization will expire on April 23
Does not include vested restricted shares that may yet be repurchased under the Stock Incentive Plan as described in Note 1. In March 2015
 the Company repurchased 700
003 shares of its common stock in open market transactions
23
 2015
 the Company's Board of Directors expanded the share repurchase program by 700
003 shares to authorize the repurchase of up to 1
000
Year Ended October&#160;31
(In thousands
2
803
2
774
2
682
2
386
1
978
335
381
205
96
(188
216
249
130
53
(127
401
363
269
262
324
1
251
1
111
924
896
948
Long-term debt
10
29
150
273
1
029
897
671
550
506
This Annual Report
 and other periodic reports filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the Exchange Act)
 and other written or oral statements made by it or on its behalf
 may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements are based on a number of assumptions about future events and are subject to various risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the views
 beliefs and estimates expressed in such statements. These risks
 uncertainties and other factors include
 but are not limited to
 the risks described in the Risk Factors section of this 10-K
Changes in the market price for the Company&#8217;s finished products and feed grains
Changes in economic and business conditions
 monetary and fiscal policies or the amount of growth
 stagnation or recession in the global or U.S. economies
 either of which may affect the value of inventories
 the collectability of accounts receivable or the financial integrity of customers
Changes in the political or economic climate
 trade policies
 laws and regulations or the domestic poultry industry of countries to which the Company or other companies in the poultry industry ship product
Changes in laws
 regulations
 and other activities in government agencies and similar organizations applicable to the Company and the poultry industry and changes in laws
Various inventory risks due to changes in market conditions
 including
 but not limited to
 the risk that market values of live and processed poultry inventories might be lower than the cost of such inventories
Changes in and effects of competition
 which is significant in all markets in which the Company competes
 and the effectiveness of marketing and advertising programs. The Company competes with regional and national firms
Disease outbreaks affecting the production
 performance and/or marketability of the Company&#8217;s poultry products
Inclement weather that could hurt Company flocks or otherwise adversely affect its operations
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Sanderson Farms. Each such statement speaks only as of the day it was made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or to revise any forward-looking statements. The factors described above cannot be controlled by the Company. When used in this annual report
 the words &#8220;believes

begin 644 bnlsbreast20152011a01.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_P  1 %H HH# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^P[3M.T]]



M_9FF_P#0.L?_  $M_P#XW7&?$?Q=\/?A)\/?'7Q4^(


1652I&=.#ITI3FISA.$7&\HR2:?D'B'_@H
M)^Q'X5^ 7P

7_  4K
M_8=^!'Q6^)?P2^(7B_QPWQ
^#/@*S^*?Q9\/^ /V6_VF_C%;?#CX;7VF1ZS%


M''_@FA_P2*_8.\'_ +-O[5FE?M'? C]JW]G?7OC/I'Q!_94_:+^&OPV^&_A?

_%6N?'?QQ\






\R_&[P

 ?C_ /!G0_@#\2/!OP]?P[<__1+2;39
M-(\.:;KNKP^]7\3:1<^(O%=YH_CWQ?X3&C^+OB%IFH:W)JEKXUUS75U?3?#
MVJ&\\.:3_
KXJ_X)E_\ !0WX@_MN_P#!2;X^?LM^$_B%\'O'OQ+_ &N/&'[/



M)DW#JQ6)BO84

@Z




M &/=6_:&^
W[*=G\4O#0^/G[/GP]B^*WQ@\!7GA?Q1II\'_#Z33/#^LOXF?Q
M1J7AFT\&:W:66F^*O#UUJMOX;\1:Q?Z.-4@CU6TLYEFCB_E2^__  31^-F@
M_P#!)#_@K'\ /!_P4^-?@7Q]\*/^@/CGXX_L;Z1KOPY\8VWCOQMI'P%O_A[



'FM&51
M5




P673A*4IU:N(KTHX&%&G5A7



M=9M;RQM_;OCC^PA\0?BI\7_^W?B[QK^R=\3_'\FK?\ !.[]F:P_9BGU_P$

/C5X$U^R/A_1]9\
:?JWQ&^'M









'C<57I<
M
X_.\/#QF'R^.)H824:E:E5Q%;AW9U]6BXNAB*V(RS%XJ63YUA_8X?ZKF%





KR
M[%8F-?VM'#Y?C



M^SS^VOXNU+_@G5XA_:X^&'B3QU^S/'_P30\+?B^\+?'/]@G]HS_ (*&:;\$
M_P!J2TB@'C+7_BG^RG\*_B%X^-'@OXNZ_X/T^PT;PY\==7T[Q&OA^1W\)G3






MW3/GS]CS]D[]H_PIXO\ V8O$G[2UI\8OAA^W)\%OVY8/$OQ;^)GPX_X)8?M-


M P6(HY5*+Q$X82GB\1B\UY9O$T(U
)2H8?&*I7JX/'&J6'PF!Q$(TI8BKE
9





M&U*[0W5VEK87?/?%K]MS]E+X

MSX[_ +2OBSP%X4NC#_9VO_$K1/V=?A9\4K[X::9K*3+/H%SX^A\.)X@M8[B[




MQ+XYU3X_?LJ+^V+\-/B?I/AC1;7X6:I\))?$USX5@M;^YUO6]*^(&C^-7U&U

MKQ!XD\/_ /QOA-\*;?QC\*_@Q_PCEEI=[_;?Q\\7_VMIW_NO#^O?VG]D\-

'QI^#^M:1X:O?A!^U3??\



XO
Z//3=%X?

M/J8/%4*7]77]F:;_ - ZQ_\  2W_ /C=?(7[+/[8'P:_:Y\3?M.^%?AOX0\8


_R)_!;]@[X[?#+]@G_@F-\4/#G[(OQUT']K_P #?\%8



M5*N+PF#I^)6&KT:.INHY8G&X[@[*ZF!5&M7G5AF^H0BZF)IJK_ &N_V9IO
M_0.L?_ 2W_\ C=']F:;_ - ZQ_\  2W_ /C=?RA^%/V.K;7/V:/^GWP8T'X
MY?M4_ KX2?M')^SQXFL-._9T_P".W[;/[,WPA^$7B/4]4U[PC\1?OP#_94



MXZ?MS_LF_LY?&#P5\ /B;K7C6;XU?$7P?J?C[P5\





4
MJ.


M##Q-/JEGIGB/3M'U+1YX]1T34)]+U?2-:\.^)M(T3Q1X:UO3+ZWDAO=$\2:+

M _9;^.=IX1\

MPQ=K\2/A!XTFN]9USU'QC?:9\([_P +Z'IG@^^LO#_A:+0M9U;[V_X*'_L

:
SFO+&NK0P\L)[.6<8O*:-&M3
MA6_MO!4
NQ\
N^L8S$97O.AK*-3ZQ[++\RS-*C34Y5\/A


MI8+.\85LKIUYI0S#

ML







?&O_ (*0?##X2_M!7?B*XU#Q

[3XV?#CQ%J_B;Q)\.?A+XQ\.:%IWA'P?X9^
^OVD?Q2^$\5E



T+49K6[

M5E=CX\^#/@QX7^(O@/X.WFDZWJ-DOBJTU+2-
TK1;_7)-7N+*!UN/%VGWEYG

/7S*NJ=9X3!85\39G@JLJ5'%U
M


M/W[57[ 'P0;XJ^&/#-C!\/=0U^;XT?$_P(ND_$S]J35T\=^)?!&C6/PCM_
M%LOC/2M/\47]WX@B-AIDOC#]6/\ @BQ^PO\ #?\ 9@_9(^!?Q6N_A1\0_AU^




BN][]G[]HC]G
MO]J/PSKOBKX'^*M


M_P#/V6H:4VN_E_^T[^QA^U7^U-\(_\ @O7^T]\-_@'\5/?A;]LG2OV9=&_
M9S^OC;P;XC\$?'/XN6/[)_B7PW_ ,)Y\3;WX):['!XZ\*W/BFW\*:Y)\+/



L%A

M1^P:78WNIWOV+3;*YN?LFG65W?7/E^3:6T\[QQ-R7P1^+'P@_:-^$W@/XY?!


MX_9=\=_L\^*O&OQ#TZ;7X+/6]8\4^
OAUX+M?C;-#IN]H?%_A[7/'%MIEI?V
M]E?:II]W=_83VJDUB


MW_\ C=7J* */]F:;_P! ZQ_\!+?_ .-T?V9IO_0.L?\ P$M__C=7J* */]F:



_Y!NG_P#7C:?^D\=7JHZ9_P @W3_^O&T_])XZ


MWPVUS2/$ESK5G\5W^%^E:FEUKWQ6\2VMW:ZC=1QWMQH\6G6]W:K=[+?4K^2R



M:/H_A[4])TFV\F'7_PRO[0TNSOU'WHU)).U)4I/SC5A5J0FNT'G&4:DN6%
M3V^'5*51UHA2C[:=&$)1_?SI0IR;?*W6DHPU2=W\3G&*E.G&G5E.






\ 6PZ+0_C=H^M^)(-!/A'QMI-A?^*O&7@C1


M7(_#OQ'\'Z#XXUNSA\
7^L6G@.*R\5P7O@3Q=XI==1M(M?\ $&OZ7HEA:Z#/

FWOB&76]=O++2](\


UKPO;:7\4]$\$^$_!_B#4_A?I&L6C:A\-/!WB4Z







M7L\)B*BTNX4[V]Z/



<VMTE6IU(+3WG3J<MU3FU]%45\V_#OXSZ


?'G


M=_%LGP[^'W@CP%)X_P#&.L?$3QV_@OPIH/A9_&OQ \0K:IK_ (Y\6MH=A8MX




$









M



O_AC2





[JQLK[4[[6=3GT_2;%M0N;Z_GN[^65=R44KN4
N7OQ332[/Q-X4\;VOPZU#0



MJW@?3#/I-[
_B#PO?ZMH


E./M
+%3C%Q4HRJ4XU8TW)VJ
)2G3IM.$ZLW3A&6\I*LZ


T=WK_ (:M+N\US2!X:M?%MQ\1


M'R_NY\M\LG*

M*G1G7G=I*-.%2A2GS/92C/$TU*#M*/O\R3A)*(-5(QE#WU.2C!Q3?-S*3BXV


M]^*EEK






M;E 'A']D:M_T]1_\ ;G_P-4?V1JW_0+U'_ 
 ;G_XU7SK^W!\5/VLO@9X;

M^+M[\/=5@^M]\._#GQ4O1HD&@ZM\5M%\1^+_ ?AP76LZ9'XBU;6_#'@[Q%X
M,U[QA)HOAY]8O=(\-:=XS\%Q^)-;MM-TJ[\7^%]/O;G6[$M-X?ZQ&#D_K%;

M_C5']D:M_P! O4?_  !N?_C5?!GAW]K/]J;6O!]E\.DUC]GO4OC)XT_;4\1_


MX8^(?QF^#7CN[\+V5_HOA#7?&OP$^



MQ^!P^84:]*


MVGSV3^(]:\F\\/7NBW






M $?_ 




MV]]KM?\ GYM_^_T?_P 51]KM?^?FW_[_ $?_ 


M ._T?_Q5#7



MX1FTZ[\
ZM97M]9WMO)JFC:CI.FZC;-?V=[8S7-HB7MC=6CS6LGUG]KM?^?F
MW_[_ $?_ 






14=:M

MO
_#== ;P9XMTM+'_A*='O/#^E3:%!?DZCX?U#PWJ$







M4_[9\):QXBTZ2[TK3M










M2_$N+QC;^

M-I!!9VL%W$J:NUSJ5Q]O_:[7_GYM_P#O]'_\51]KM?\ GYM_^_T?_P 52ZS:


N?FN


]Q]A?:[7_GYM_P#O]'_\51]K





TBW_X3



M24+T:


M+)H^ [/]E.RM].GT:\\2_%;6-%C^''B_X4:#I.I#PRMKX4\%^
H]&@O[+19-
M


^'
M?$7AFP@6V86




8I'Q


M\^6AB:]*+;O&G/D32C%1J


%UXZT#7M7\
M

M;WA:?LN+_P (GX2\-7FL^.[



M/[

N27



M(-)MM96^GOIY-'DU_4UUC4?MFMRRKI\MA]M?:[7_ )^;?_O]'_\ %4?:[7_G







MQZ/%J]_I7Q.N=(N==O9TT[PM8:/!J5A_8EE;ZFFZ38Z1I]H'@ETF[40^5]I
M?:[7_GYM_P#O]'_\51]KM?\ GYM_^_T?_P 53VVLM6TDDE^'^J.-.*25.'U
M:U#D@HP]G&G'EM3ARD92A.%2+:J0;E&;UFY.K*NY2D[RG+V\ZE;FFY/VM6M4






6TM(TZE2K&'^#GJU)2A\
^9J:DK)?)_
MP[^$3?#FQUVWL%\2ZU?^)_$E]XL\1:UJ^DZ+8WNKZ]J-O96EU?S:?X0\-^%O

GT4:


M%IQTY:D:L4DHJ

M')N3FJTDZ_/S7YW7BO9U934I2IJ
;KV=)P^0;_X+W6K?$/0_B)K&H^

M4YRGS3O2BE))S4A^]OJU*




M_&J/[(U;_H%ZC_X W/\ \:KW1)$D&Z-TD7.-R







M%%%% !6=H_\ R=+_PP=9?^DT5:-9VC_P#()TO_ +!UE_Z314 :-%%% !11

M9?\ 'SK'_81B_P#33I=:-9UE_P ?.L?]A&+_ --.ET :-%%% !1110 5G2_\
MA:R_[!VJ?^E.CUHUG2_\A:R_[!VJ?^E.CT :-%%% !1110 4444 9VC_ /()
MTO\ [!UE_PDT5:-9VC_ /()TO\ [!UE_PDT5:- !1110 4444 9UE_Q\ZQ
M_P!A&+_TTZ76C6=9?\?.L?\ 81B_]-.EUHT %%%% !1110!G:I_Q[1?]A'1_
M_3M95HUG:I_Q[1?]A'1__3M95HT %%%% !1110 5G67_ !\ZQ_V$8O\ TTZ7
M6C6=9?\ 'SK'_81B_P#33I= &C1110 4444 %9TO_(6LO^P=JG_I3H]:-9TO
M_(6LO^P=JG_I3H] &C1110 4444 %%%% &=H_P#R=+_ .P=9?\ I-%6C6=H
M_P#R=+_ .P=9?\ I-%6C0 4444 %%%% ' ZC_R%=3_Z^+?_ --UC56K6H_\
D_^D%O6Y6'X8_Y%KP]_P!@/2?_ $@M
MZW* BBB@ HHHH ^)/$W_*4W]D+_ +
 _PDG_K17_!*2OTCK\W/$W_ E-
M_9_[
 _X*2?^M%?\$I*_2.@ HHHH **** L[1_^03I?_8.LO\ TFBK1K.T
M?_D$Z7_V#K+_ -)HJ -&BBB@ HHHH SM8_Y!.J?]@Z]_])I:T:SM8_Y!.J?]
M@Z]_])I:T: BBB@ HHHH *SK+_CYUC_ +,7_IITNM&LZR_X^=8_PPC%_Z
M:=+H T:*** BBB@ K#N[^QMM?T:SN+RT@N]0T_6EL+6:XABN;TVTVCRW M(
M'=9;DP1$23%7


EP^


?$#P?JJYL?$/A/6
M;'6]


HPJX*O9RPV)K0M)^ID7&.0

TVR@GO=1U&ZM;&TAEN;B*-LZU:EAZ

M$ZM:M4A3IPE.23[71_\ D$Z7_P!@ZR_])HJT:^-?V0OVY?V:/VQO \&O?!#X

O].MK9VEN/NHRKJ4VF7EM/!=6&L67FE72/






M7_81T?\ ].UE6C0 4444 %%%% !6=9?\?.L?]A&+_P!-.EUHUG67_'SK'_81
MB_\ 33I= &C1110 4444 %9TO_(6LO\ L':I_PE.CUHUG2_\A:R_PP=JG_
M *4Z/0!HT444 %%%% !1110!G:/_ 
@G2_\ L'67_I-%6C6=H_\ R=+_PP




U*WG\/I?VWIGQE_8H_8U_:,\3V?C;]H3]DG]F3X[^,].T:W\.Z?XN^,OP%^
M%?Q/\3V/A^TN[V_M-L]?\;^%-<U6VT:VOM2U&\M]
ANTLH;N_O;B.!9KJ=Y


MS/#8KVDG0HQPT;JFH8FG[*EAU5?-:EBI1JTFL)[7$4:6$H4HK#4*&)QN98G
M%?D,W_5V^OZA^Q_#\1_CR_[/X_X*6Z1^SV_C23]H/X^3_&VR^$5]^P%:?M6
MW'@]/VLI/B
_[04+S?M-O;^%$\0R_%-O%D/AS5/^%





MB;_E*;^R%_V8!_P4D_\ 6BO^4E?I'7(9F=]MN?^@/J/_?W2?_EI1]MN?^@/
MJ/\ W]TG_P6E:-% &=]MN?^@/J/_?W2?_EI1]MN?^@/J/\ W]TG_P6E:-%
M &=]MN?^@/J/_?W2?_EI5#2KRX73-.5=*OY MA9J)$DTP(X%O& ZB34DDL/

MU'_O[I/_ 
M*T:* 

M*T:*
M.?U6\N&TS45;2K^
-87BF1Y-
*(#;R NPCU)YJCYF([X!VHS8!O_;;G_H#



MO'#8+ T*F(Q-::;4*5-7=HQ3G4G+2%.E3C*I5J2C3IQE.48OS\VS7 9'EF.
MS?-,1#9?EV&JXO%XB:DU3HTHN4N6$5*=2I-VA2HTXSJUJLH4J4)U)QB_DW]






_%DRNTL=K\0/@IJ&M1^/$.F9WG-GI\

MY-&%)M-





MEM=7[V$






M]IG\/Z@LFH:1-.K/'9^(=N5MM=\-ZBR*7_LW7]-TV_8D-OL96/;E%+AOB+


MSB2
(JB)O


M_9D\07#&+0OVA/@3XR\&7HNNUI//HT7BC2K.6--TDDMYJ-O:(L;9N=Q17^
(5++O$=QX<7Q0NO6<VW

M


M\;
JR:9F
_V9IR['W:DJEB%$@



G@CXE0QV\=U?Z5H^JV\5Z+#*0(V\0^]
:EB<+6IX
MBA5C_-3K493IS7G&31^&Y_P[Q!PIFV

MRU]EC



M_9FG+L?=J2J6(42 QETV.H+B0.B=!6=9?\?.L?\ 81B_]-.ET 'VVY_Z ^H_
M]_=)_P#EI1]MN?\ H#ZC_P!_=)_^6E:-% &=]MN?^@/J/_?W2?\ Y:4?;;G_
M * ^H_\ ?W2?_EI6C10!G?;;G_H#ZC_W]TG_ .6E4)+RX_M.S;^RK\$6&HJ(

M_0'U'_O[I/\ \M*/MMS_ - ?4?\ O[I/_P M*T:* 


M +^Z3_\ +2M&B@#G]*O+A=
TY5TJ_DV%FHD233 C@6\8#J)-220*P^90Z(^
M-R*V0+_ -MN?^@/J/\ W]TG_P6E&C_ /()TO\ [!UE_PDT5:- &=]MN?^
M@/J/_?W2?_EI1]MN?^@/J/\ W]TG_P6E:-% &=]MN?^@/J/_?W2?_EI1]MN
M?^@/J/\ W]TG_P6E:-% 'GMV[2:CJ+O#);L;B'
4IB:1
:?9 ;C!+-$=P 8








M9K6DW7A73]&_X)L_ V\M-2*:IXRTW1_BE^U3XJT.:XTYFN/^$-N[5?OPQN+
MI(H+5M.UBZL/%7AR:ZGO8[G6Q#;1U]K_ +,W[?[





-O@E=0?#;X[6&GF+<L^L_#74[:+PSXLO+=!%;VV
MD^![=+RX1UGN]1DE6<K] _!;_@I1^R7\9M;_ .$);QY=_#XJPRI:ZA\(/CY

U]QZ/_ 
@G2_\

M^'FBVY


P&*PV-PE:


UYKOCI9M6O9FB

VA^-O#FE^(

/QG\!KF?Q!


76_


TW2?\/$?VKOB4T:

MVN=2@*):;9IX0PN.




TN :W



MIN9+71_%VGVL;V_A[QG?7

MA%J$GA?]HP00" 01R#R".


M_P#8.LO_ $FBK1K.T?\ Y!.E_P#8.LO_ $FBK1H **** BBB@#@=1_YNI_

MVBZO\6/@Y\&_'Z^$/#6L_%?QG\.?[3\$7_B73I+J66T\:WVA-H'A_4=?TONO
MVZ/%&M_$;X/_ !S^%NA_!3X\ZE+\)_&G[+/C/4?'?AOX:3^)9)M%B^+'A+XF





MZ;







M*MYF%LC%PR?HYY6K?\_NG?^NY_P#EQ7,0:-%9WE:M_P _NG?^NY_^7%'
ME:M_S^Z=_PNY_^7% &C16=Y6K?\_NG?^NY_\ EQ1Y6K?\_NG?^NY_P#E





ZE3AB7PSPC
MDN48+'YUQ?Q2L'-8RKEF5X58'*L-4P^




(;LK=ZSC6[X3ZMIWA2/4
MZZ)X9M[F*PM;:**\OHKW7[K5M7U#[@K.\K5O^?W3O\ P5W/_P N*/*U;_G]
MT[_P5W/_ 
N*_4
JRK+LCR_Y5E6$HX+ 8*CCA\/0@HQC$4N:3^*I5FUSU
M:U1RJUJCE4JSG.4I/\RPE.P&79;1G7E@\IP&&RS 4Z^(KXF6'P.#I^SP]


J'3-.


*H3:%

TXAD U52B^644J

HXCR?#JJU;FG3


RR.J0Z
M9K^K:9J$LJK$YFBCMFE@&WSTCWIN^A/#/Q)^'?C01'P=X^\%^+!.H: ^&?%.
MAZ\)E

'[X?N_FKP[Q/^Q?\ LM^
_-;Q5^S7^S9K


M?'?XCZ:(\KL?8-;\0^(


MH;X=^+^IZ5]DOM!\ _$[]F3X7^%AKM_9ZE:7EKH=SX]T6^O;Z/\ MJZWV+WU
M];6\5E \$
=WI\8;4+3ZI_8__:UTW]JKP9K#RV
?PX^
_P -]3/A3XY?!'Q'




KP_$#R.I0S

17P-;$8;'_5*GUJGA)T*.*GA_LZBL[RM6_Y_

&?^S-.(9 -54HOEE%*LTA+JS[P'$: '*?
M&#X/?#7X^?#CQ1\)?B[X1TOQO\/_ !CI[:=KWA_5HW:&9 ZS6UY:7
+Q7FF:


M*-8^(?[%WC#5%T#]FS]K7Q!(]QJ'PAFD8IH_P0_:$U$1UT^TMUCMO!_CVX
M:VTZ*RBV
(O#UMJ&G_#?]IO*U;_G]T[_ 
%=S_\ +BN&^)?PP\-?&+P'XH^&


M+_L':I_Z4Z/1Y6K?\_NG?^NY_\ EQ52/5/[3LP;RP\S[!J)5AIMP$XTK

S&







M_LG^'+QDN+;2_#EDTES9:_\ %%E$4GB/QS
]V]MJ

^FV&KQ_+YKG6
M*EBWD7#\*6)SIPA/%XBLI3R_(
-5^#%YER2A*KB:L;RP&54ZD
3C6O:3GAL%

PR3PRABL3AN'LFRZI2PO&/BWG67R2Q7#W!*Q

3DO#


M+.'^'



_9P

!QT


!B8ISPV





M/\0M/

C]K


+_AOXWTY477/!GBW3)%CGL]4TNX8K',8EMM2M##?V;-
M!, GBY%G6-IXV7#/$CIQSZA1E7P6.IP5'!\39;2<82S+!0^&CC<.YTX9SE<6
MY8*O4A7H\^7XKU#Y_AOB'


ME2.;4M?^E_?7(@T?6LUSH

- UGPKXKT72
M_$GAGQ%IE[HVO:!K=C;:GH^LZ3J


UE^91A[2/LYM2JX#


G?&GA3Q=5PTN


;N

)Q%91C
M6PV;Y+C<XX;S+*<YQW84445[Y^1A1110 4444 9VC_\ ()TO_L'67_I-%6C6
M=H__ "=+_[!UE_Z315HT %%%% !1110!P.H_P#(5U/_ *^+?_TW6-5:M:C_
M ,A74_\ KXM__3=8U5H **** OCOQ/_ 


/A[P__9=M]DT32-0\0^(]?U[Q






M]ET'5?#?[2.N_L^V5O%X(\


M444 %%%% !6=H_\ R=+_PP=9?^DT5:-9VC_P#()TO_ +!UE_Z314 :-%%%

_MF_MO


DJWXM;J\TZ_\0)&
$[TL;GLZ<E*EA'S8? 1E'%9DFGA\%
MC?Z'X0\/N&..'


M-81=$\^^OYH(!+







;F]6C.I1K9E4HS]DOD\
MIX+5/


MQ-7

_BM\+_AS$9_B#\1_ G@:$!6\SQ?XMT#P
MVI#*63;_ &Q?V9=G S&J!FDZ(&-?*'B'_@I+^R%I%Z^D:%\1[_XD^(5WF+P_



GG
E%
M-2FX0DI/]#*\5\9_';X.^ ?B7X*^'/C/XC^%?#?CCQG97$7AGPUJNIQ6VI:I
M)J6I6%EIBI&V4MO[5OK2YL-*:\DMEU._@ELK W%TC1#Y;_X8W^/WC7+?&;]O



M-B:F63Q&'Q^6UHX3/
AS3#RP&?\ #^/E#G^HYSEE5NMA:LH?O
-7@ZV S'#\
MN-RS%XW U:.)J+1117SQ]6%%%% &=H__ =+_[!UE_Z315HUG:/_P @G2_^
MP=9?^DT5:- !1110 4444 9UE_Q\ZQ_V$8O_ $TZ76C6=9?\?.L?]A&+_P!-

M:- !7Y8_M1_LX_$_X
?%*]_;I_8MTA+SXHI:P1?M%_ &!VM?#?[3'@+3]TUU


MV(P]:&+RW


MA4PV
&+%WFO/B)X
ML(8I(]
^



?Z_6=9?\?.L?]A&+



[T

N/[-

ML.E.5*6.PD/KL_I.

M 

MG_Q7X2^ _P 9=2^


/B

T



MZF&K9YG3I5E3C6G'
\1'$5*ZCAU0^&O%-O
__!4K]D)5OKJ(_P## 7_!2-O
M1+(O@?M$_P#!*8%

M^)O^4IO[(7_9@'_!23_UHK_@E)7Z1U@29WV*Y_Z#&H_]^M)_^5='V*Y_Z#&H
M_P#?K2?_ )5UHT4 9WV*Y_Z#&H_]^M)_^5='V*Y_Z#&H_P#?K2?_ )5UHT4
M9WV*Y_Z#&H_]^M)_^5=4-*L[AM

MS_T&-1_[]:3_ /*NM&B@#.^Q7/\ T&-1_P_6D__ KH^Q7/_08U'_OUI/\
M\JZT:* .?U6SN%TS46;5;^0+87C&-X]

$[FXE%S+I^J:?K6K^.;_90^$WQ]\6_#?_ (5K^Q%X2\1?

?7O$


M0+_7OB)XD




MY/2^J/.N):5.'O859#E-/(
5&'LEQ)@[QFN#E_:X^
7QYGGT?]BCX6Z]XOT8
MS/:2_M _&6S7P'\&K

QBDN--N;202-






0*_+?XF?\%%-8M/BYX3M?@SX D^(_PE0S6&O^*D\


5A


M9C&AF%'RGX6?$SP)\:_!FE_$#X7_ !7Q=X5U9,P:AIW]E^9;7JC3Z=JEC-
MI
5]I&K6F]5O-+U*WM;ZV9E\V!0Z%O1?L5S_ -!C4?\ OUI/_P JZ^#?BE^R


M7F^R^)=(6T/VRXGFF?3;W4;_ 
0+Z3^SU^USX6^



:C_WZTG_ .5=

&WC(
M13)IKR%5'RJ7=WP!N=FR3?\ L5S_ -!C4?\ OUI/_P JZ-'_ .03I?\ V#K+
M_P!)HJT: 


M5F6/3






EH\1XKA;B'
M#\/XC^#G5?)LPI9745DU...GAUA_9SO:E4]I[.JX5(TI3E2JJ'HGV*Y_Z#&H
M_P#?K2?_ )5T?8KG_H
:C_WZTG_Y5UHT5X)\R9WV*Y_Z#&H_]^M)_P#E77Y#
M_';X





MM&BOJ#[

M_08U'_OUI/\ \JZH26=Q_:=FO]JWY)L-182&/3-ZA;C2@44#31'MD+*S%D9P
M8TV.BF0/T%9TO_(6LO\ L':I_PE.CT 'V*Y_P@QJ/_ 'ZTG_Y5U\4_M:_L


#<
M[QN09]ESJK#X_!2A[]#$4Y4

\%6K8
M+



MG?!_1;?_ )B
'PYP/](!/$^'^R?PY\9ZO




9A

MCTPI&#;QD(IDTUYJCY5+N[X W.S9)O_ &*Y_P@QJ/_ 'ZTG_Y5T:/_ 
@G

D_^D%O6Y0 4444 %%%% 'Q)XF_Y
M2F_LA?\ 9@'_  4D_P#6BO\ @E)7Z1U^:7C._L=,_P"H?[(][J5Y:Z?90?L
M ?\ !2'SKN]N(;2UA\S]H[_@E##'YMQ.\<4?F2R)$F]QND=$7+, ?LC7_P!H
MS]GSPH91XI^.WP:\-&$W2S#7_B?X)T8PFQ -Z)1J.N6QC-F#=!\&W!'F[
U



L\J(P!;)%?G]\1_^I_[&'@76?^


M\

MV=?!EM:F[N$C'@CX7:*]O:*^ZZN /[%M[MTQ(7N)?.GEE
A9WE=BVE/_ (B#




M'6M?LI$M[G3)+2\U'0;3]



MWAN5FO[4J4LVQ6:VY


?@/]G_ 
#:CKFFZ

KF]M[(K)



M'J7Q

MZ:%9UE_Q\ZQ_V$8O_33I=:-9UE_Q\ZQ_V$8O_33I= &C17DWQ5^.GPH^NFK
MJ7Q)\::3X>:=^GZ2TCWOB+5SED5=(\/67.L:@&E7R3/;V;6L$C+]JN($.\
M?.'_  L_]J/X\8A^#/@+X$> ;K@?%/XRVW/C._LW!*WGA+X91/(MO(R^7/
M:77B6:?2]0M)M\,UO,H ^JRK@[.
SO%4KIU

#.']
M,MP-7C',X?\ ,RSNG5R_AVC47VL'D5M'





MPYL)/[#MH#RDT=_]OM+K N/L%M.S$_6

M;6MK;PSZ
D4%O;PJD
$

MRO$/%W$?%52A+/
TK8NC@XNGE^7TX4
%E&5T9.[P^4Y-@*6&RK*L.WJZ&7X/




M4


MM\/_ -L/X/\ C'6!X/\ $MWJ_P (/B+&8XKGP!\6].?P9K0GD9HHUT^\OW&C



U];:';MOC^#?QFDO/&/@$PK@_8-!UY-WB



+7P;\.^-:^COP_GF$K5LER+.JS]Z66?7?[!Q-27)A
M*N1U/89;B/PWB+A/Q0\!H4*W%.79UQMX55VUEW&.!G'BG..'L/'6U7.
FJ8_

](DAMU2YCU/PKJ)M]8
MBCMY8YH3?PVMQI5R89);#4+NVVSM]'U^0YGE6:9+C:V6YQEV-RO

/+EKX+
M

M9A\?@J\6D[TL3A:E6C.R:YDIWB]))/0****\\]0**** 

:=KE_\3?'LCO!:
<9]B'A<
MFRS&YG7A%U*D

MBI8+A_)\QSC$P@ZM:G@

I4:1I7A/\ 99\&7(S_ &GK_P!D^)/Q:N+9

?B[Q]_P )





MO%'!;P1QPP00QK%###$H2***) J1QQHJI'&BA44!5   KY3^-'[:/P


MBL?AKX\.^% UYHT%Q?V-D)M;OHEU:PVKJ7B]:ZUO4@-P%]J%PJL25DFN
M:^)7[*/P%^*ERVJ^(O &FZ;XG\W[5!XS\(M-X0\6V]\#'J!UG0'LI;^[A(S
MVKIJ






5Q!@N'.)L
M9FG$F!P4(J53%XC&4&\)GN%HVJ+

;7EO4Q6=\
9OBZLDI3Q'



MNJJ%M-
\;:

+SK_ %4INTOW2M'G^W)8HIXI8)XHYH)HWBFA


70KP48GYUQ_X/YK&CE^+XHR+.
L^K5*M3(.+LEQE2G2HU:RC3K3R/BS

_!.D^*K#X2?MF_#S

/V7[JY\1_
M\$Z/CS/X0\-?:9;^\_91^/\ =ZU\0/@-J)DE:XN+7P;KLLMWXV^'$UP5&YK



/E&*JRU_






M/7;O^VOC'^QEK]T-


M+_:0U'1OBUX$\3:Q\ _VK_A_ TGPO_:


MC%8C \18/#4


M4X_X6P4(1P%?BC*

'BXTYXFE'9XG!O$X26CIUYQ:;^


M@]\6OBU:Z/J.AW/B:X^*/B/Q3K]K\*[BUTVTTGP!#X)MM
O;_4]7^(FFZSIN




M6GAS0%\#?%?Q.\5BWAC7]17Q7:Z#K3ZQ)I%EJ'AC5NO^)W[
T7QXE^*GA;XZ

14]G5HTZ]6K4PE*M&%2FOG;P5^

7PV^ 'CCQMJEAX8\ ?$D:?XI%C\.]-OO$7^
M



M6G_%?@/_ ()K+\%/A'IGA3X)_&_Q1;?%;P1^UA\5_P!K'X6_$?X^:G\=/VFO

M+?07\



M_P#5=Y=[L?W?]N_VLOKGU _.?]M7]C#X
?MF?\%'/V-_ _QC7Q8='LOV(O\

^UR


MIT-(T@\C2].(/((LK7G_ 
A5&&I4



MEX1
+27%M]L_9%_9WUX17LPSR.O]A:5YME-&D2RZ=E(9&$KR.WGN*]FTC]G
M+]NSP3]OX1_;$^%^I6ZB%EM]2_99\!^#H;SR4\N*TNX_!EZ$AM;6
L+:2!7
MG )3Y$.!^AO]D:3_ - O3O\ P!MO_C5']D:3_P! O3O_  !MO_C5?5X;CG
\
M*DH9'X?R2_F\





ZQW%[=/;:=9WU[;8XCQ R;+\/6Q

PPR?F?\ ?\ @G]X+_X*_$/3?C=KGPN\6_![]AC1]0AU3P/X?\ '/B+



APF58:/#\[*5#)L7AG5S*/+5S2$
M

MFXDQ^?5

M@/PGX;\%^&M+MX+/3?#_ (4T/3?#VBV%K;1+!;V]GIFDVUI96\


:D0:+86TVOR2M)IDVGZS!/!/7U6%X=

IP

M2'CCPUC+_P#$
_ 3B[Q1X:IM1PWB#G^=Y?PI@N(JC2=7$Y%EN)X]X3Q3R9+E

])O&V_*_G:?/IDLMOB17$


ME%2?\

ML;XT:YXC\*2:E\-OV;='TR[LAXIO?#6NZ7\5/B4[76G6@^R:2EO=)I6@0S6U





/0

=M%
3M9DW(I:O?H=.T
M.XBCGM[#2IX)D62*:&ULY8I8W&5DCD1&1T8$%64E2#D$BOJL@XKX7XKPOUWA


MVEA\WRW&9;7=M[4L91HS=O*+-6LZ7_D+67_8.U3_ -*='H_LC2?^@7IW_@#;
M?_&JH2:7I@U.SC&FV C:PU%V06=OL9TN-*5&9?+VED620*Q&5#N 0&;/OGCG
M045G?V1I/_0+T[_P!MO_ (U1_9&D_P#0+T[_ 
*6-T8<%37QYXB_8N\(:;JUUXN^ /C#Q3^SGXT




MVMXV9F9HRS




B




R2N1EFKX?\9?MO?#?4
M/$%]\//V9/AKJW[5/Q+M'^SW5M\.;&RM_AMX=N)&:.&;Q=\5;ZW/AC3K!Y -




7[)?QZ_:%D74OVN/BO:^%_!ER

MOAM\$/A#\'_#\7A?X9_#GPEX.T2(1^9;Z1H]JEQ?2QKL2ZU?4YTFU36K[9\C


MX8WI);X
_ ?4X[_XBZCI\G/V'QK\7Y4EALYVC:2VOK;PE;W&D:E:/LGM+6?=




M=9W%Q;R]EJ.EZ8EO&R:;8(QO]*0E;.W4E)-3LXY%)$8.UXV9'7HR
RLI(J_
M_9&D_P#0+T[_ , ;;_XU7S6QN



RRW'T*F%QN QV'I8O!


M*S\/_&VVM)=6^*/P;L99%ALM

(S/$?DWU7B?PLO/+89MQKX<T_CR;FKYIQKP5AUO+)*M257&<8<.8:'_,
MFQ$ZO%&648N.4XC/J/U;)\)^FE%?,_[/?[0GP=_:/T&^O?!UJFC^+/#DW]G^
M//AIXITBWT?Q[XUF-W@N--\0Z%/&)TC2YBF@M]3MA-I]U)%+ )H[VWN[.V^


\RCB3*\'G60YCA
VRK'T_:X3'8*K


MH.RYJ&
HUZ
K+F@[(^1?^$+_ &U?A?@^#_B?X!_: \/0;MN@_%/0Y/!?C2.U
M&XI:Z?XL\-/+I^J7^[:&U#Q)''&Z-(#$A6+:H_;+'@AEM?VA_@E\4_@DZ.(K

QTXEX1R;'S


M:&79)7P5J?\ P3^^



M
/&SJ4I2LZD
RR_*

HSHWO\QG_ (6^#_'U2CC
OXKQ?#&?X:+AEV*X




L;!XW92#7P3XR^*6M)X=U3

Z=;6*6MU\WC.


VO9QQF8Y/C7P

M!


K!95D\8_#;5;BYFP2&@-IX=N!


^%=P#&C./:4^+7[/TJ+)%\3/@Y)&XRKIXS\%.C#U5EU
M(@CW!-?4X;+LPQM*-;!X#&XNC)7C5PV%KUZ


MO_5KB/\ Z$&=_P#AJQW_ 

NKSQUX'B1Y9(
M$)WSS:HJM([;L[F+



%%_@[IVUD\$_%6:R^$/[3.

(/V;?B1X;D
@;2_$U[X
\0VEM/(@4WNDWNZX?3=0C 4P:K

T.)*E&*NLFS_*
WSK!*.B4





M*3BII5*-6
*D&XRC)*44W&2:T:9_

L)
M7P..PM7E4O9XG8JG2KT*G+*,N2K3C+EDG:S04445SG%?'?B?\ Y&7Q#_V'
M-6_]+[BOL2OCOQ/_ 






M493ERRQ65\04


I8NMAX5\MQF.H
M8:O2PM7



M4\U]#4QN2YU@XX?/
%BLDS%-7X@X#6!R^=676IC^'.(L-Q#D^(O?6ADU3AFE

M?:**5HX.&98CJY.ILC\RX?^BO[4%Q%%/!_P2L_:OG@GC2:&:'Q%\.98IHI
^!_%D]U%=L)LL VJ+&
MD<DT4<2K)\K/^$Q_;7^%@V^+_AMX_:&\.VX4-K_ 

=8;P1XX6W^Z]UJ'A3
]PSXR+'3E\&6<093PSPEF[VLG
M+


14G[L





HM
TY-3\57 NM%^%'@AY[2)HY?$WB.Y6TDU&[B4^:=#TEHKBZ5)X

Z&799E

L[P*


EV\)BEMWU;3KJ6UCY.*_%#P_\


Z\2
[I
MIJ5&CB\%2R^FVJF8\.5
M:S2'F^F6WPD^!'C2ZT/X8:#K_[4W[6VL&7^V_%&




U55CT;4D151$TR\1$10JHJVL@554



M'G@P%VC:

#CLZP






V

JR5.G



MQ4$[74:^'G3J*







MU.3[W_B'

X=BTG^




M

CA6P2
@ X..E7_8_CI#;

?%OPQH?B2)M32-$2/P_\ $326T%+'Q?X8NHXX[2XBU-9+FUM5


K*8"00001P:\I^)7[.'P3^+/A+4_!GC'X=^&IM+U*)E

\


\

)0H86GFVW[5G[-]W$

!Z

M?%%W]N23[%HGB/2M0O\ RETK3U
WV&WNGN_)W0S*)O)\HM#





60IO.^'<Z_P!5<\S;
M)%5FZ=+'4\#AY9!A^(LBQ
XS6!S[*
WCEV


 QBX*O@L36PM91E\455H3ISY965US6?5'+EV:9GE&(
M6+RG

F?LS?]$*

VC_$M?'^FO9M(H%Q8VT%G%) 7A



_P27Q2^(%G

1@^$O_ 

M=8MX-UC\


^
NN


CKQ+RN6 \J(FY^*GBOF#7
M]B?\1YS]M6A5Q/W/5*


MTAZ_:G_\1U^&G_RQK+U']N/P9X.5KO5O^4O[2?A9986C:YU'X)?G0UD@;+
C-6E4XNXWP+
MQ-.+M_S*^%^!^(L)B)*VM-Y]AH::5I6L92R+$89..8?2A\3
V=K.CP_X:Y!+


M/!NB_!;XL?';Q=\






'A'XM?M-:[\/?AG\.[?\ :.^(



M82
\3+#5
5A*5?D?$W_*4W]D+_LP#_@I)_ZT5_P2DK](Z_
SQAJMC8_\%1OV


MKM)




M^(OF\;?M7^






VHW=S


-PXJL*DI5\Q
ME2E6P=?QWX=_LR0P^([7XH_'/Q')\8OBU&?.LKS4XMO@CP269)5L? WA9T6R


SK&/$/#T5AL










$#G3_&WP1^,%EN'7Q3









M7N]4UF_M-+TZU4Z5I8#7%[?2P6T*DD &2503QG-?




MX^('AW]G_P 

M39+1?-/]U[\^;CQ_B3Q/B




0!IFG)A




MIU*V1\19/BZN5\0Y'7K14:M3+
TP[56G2KJ
(XS 8A8G*\RIPC0S/ XS#KV3

^GWSP11ZE97MNI@/Q





0?G
#G+#5LYPU+'<*\:X<;<U&/$635<IXFP
HM0DZ5/

#O%JVHZW






M=3\:^




1A81_



/AGX[^*#?

ZWK\V@
M^(/$/AF76_$&CZKJLOA3Q!KWA22[;P[K6IZ9=4OBS^Q3^S;\;]
^.ND_$;P/

K+X/S-/\/+:/6OA_P.O^L^%XM#=W6





M[-'C
3@L-'$XJO4HX+!5
/@L




M$DEHDELCY1MMMMMMN[;U;;W;?5L****8@K.T?_D$Z7_V#K+_ -)HJT:SM'_Y
M!.E_]@ZR_P#2:*@#1HHHH **** 
[6/^03JG_8.O?_2:6M&L[6/^03JG_8.O
M?_2:6M&@ HHHH **** LZR_X^=8_PPC%_Z:=+K1K.LO^/G6/\ L(Q?^FG2

M4_X]HO\ L(Z/_PG:RK1K.U3_CVB_PPCH__ *=K*M&@ HHHH **** LZR_
MX^=8_PPC%_Z:=+K1K.LO^/G6/\ L(Q?^FG2Z -&BBB@#XD^
?[%'A7Q=XLD
M^


MPRJ




K^X:_\$:K
&EDALM5NY=*N;V0W6J7U[!;VND'T/X:_MX_ CQCJ$VD_



MHHHH X'4?^0KJ?\ U\6__INL:JU:U'_D*ZG_ -?%O_Z;K&JM !1110 5\=^)

OB'_L.:M_Z7W% 'U1X8_Y%KP]_V ])

;C
!7CBL#BL3@L3!24

M5HRA4BI1;C)*2O%M.Z9R8[+\!FF&G@\RP.$S'!U'%U










*








MJ^S?\*M_X80_X9W_ .&);3^T/*V?\6;_ .%)_P##QS[)_:/V;_B@O^%]?;_M
M?^G?VK7ZI_\ !.DH/V4_#G_/K9-\-_^%H?M%_\ @QICP1^%?\ AF7_ (:(


MC6G1DTUSQH8O$8&LTG:2Y
5A
11:DD^:DVDXN
G

))V?+*
X1G&

M^%R?\%0O^C
OV?_ !93^T+_ /2HZ^TJ*1)\6_\ Y/^H7_ $9E^P3_ .+*
M?VA?_I4='_Y/^H7_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_ .E1U]I44 ?%O_Y/^H7_1F7[!/
M_BRG]H7_ .E1U4T_XP?\%0(;QA7]C7]@IUBM+:-7/\ P4G_ &A4+A(44
4'




5
M*
H0IU&GR5:E2G!KWO?I0C.?

MS+]@G_Q93^T+_P#2HZ/^%R?\%0O^C
OV?\ Q93^T+_]*CK[2HI$GQ;_ ,+D
M_P"H7_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_PE1T?\+D_X*A?]&9?L$_\ BRG]H7_Z5'7VE10!

M/Q)\(PZ%\2M%T[P[XQM-2^%WQ'\5?#'7I-3T72];\006$%[KGA'4+[289]17
M4_[(N;%M8T[1]5:\TFRJ



#_P4G_:%4(186




64_M__2HZ^TJ*!'Q;_P +D_X*A?\ 1F7[
M!/\ XLI_:%_^E1T?\+D_X*A?]&9?L$_^+*?VA?\ Z5'7VE10!\6_\+D_X*A?
M]&9?L$_^+*?VA?\ Z5'51_C!_P %0#?VTW_#&O[!09+2^C?\/)_VA2&$LVG
MLS%_^'4H*E#H[&#AR2R; '^W:_-?Q'_P %3/V=?#'P3_:N^..H^&/BZ]C^
MR!\3?B!\+?'?@&V\


4FW.=;%8;!4*5-?\


M_HS+]@G_ 

M
^+?^%R?\%0O^C

M_P!*CK[2HI%GQ;_PN3_@J%_T9E^P3_XLI_:%_P#I4='_  N3_@J%_P!&9?L$


MWE*2C%:R:2;/C;3_ (P?\%0(;QA7]C7]@IUBM+:-7/_  4G_:%0N$A10Q0?
M\$I7%@





M4+_HS+]@G_Q93^T+_P#2HZ^TJ*@#XM_X7)_P5_Z,R_8)_\ %E/[0O\ ]*CH
M_P%R?\ !4+_ *
R_8)_\64_M__ $J.OM*B@#XBMOC!_P %0$FU!A^QK^P4
MQFO$D8'_ (*3_MJ$(L+&':#_P .I6W@K$K[B$(+E-I!WM_\+D_X*A?]&9?
ML$_^+*?VA?\ Z5'7HWPY_:(MO'GQW^-G[/VH?7XI?#?Q5\&O#WP]\;#Q!XW
ME^%%WX1^*'@7XG:[\3/#'A3QG\.[GX=_%/Q]XA@TV?5OA'XNM;S2_B9X;^''
MBZRCBTV:3PV8+U7C^C*=FHTY--*K2IUH734N2K!3AS1=I4YI.U2E44:M*:E3


R_8)_\64_

M]M
JX/\ P2E3 =D%LDH&+A7*[&M_P#Y/\ @J%_T9E^P3_XLI_:%_\ I4==

MXG_$$:MXAT.YTKX8^&?%'C#P3H?BCQ!HEMXBU/1;OQ=HM[+H3Z/'JNJ:7].4

ZGQ;_ 
+D_PH7_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_PE
M1T?\+D_X*A?]&9?L$_\ BRG]H7_Z5'7VE10(^+?^%R?\%0O^C,OV?\ Q93^
MT+_]*CH_X7)_P5_Z,R_8)_\64_M_\ TJ.OM*B@#XM_X7)_P5_Z,R_8)_\
M64_M_\ TJ.JEM\8/^H3:@P_8U_8*8S7B2
#_P4G_:%4(186
.T'_AU*V\


M\%0O^C
OV?_ !93^T+_ /2HZ^TJ*0CXM_X7)_P5_Z
R_8)_P#%E/[0O_TJ

M_P#2HZJ/\8/^H!O[:;_ (8U_8*#):7T83_AY/\ MD
)9M/9F+_ /#J4%2A


3AL.Z




MF?%O_Y/^H7_1F7[!/_ (LI_:%_^E1T?\+D_PH7_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_PE
M1U]I44 ?%O\ PN3_ (*A?]&9?L$_^+*?VA?_ *5'1_PN3_@J%_T9E^P3_P+





QU._FO=$3PK\5O#MC-<ZE:Z/=
MKKEGK-M#83:=;V.J:CZQ3E&453<HM*M0P^)IMKXZ&+H4\5AJJ_NUL/6IU87L
M^6:ND]6FK7ZQC-=4XSBIPDFM&I1DI)K=-'Q;_PN3_@J%_T9E^P3_P+*?VA
M?_I4='_Y/\ @J%_T9E^P3_XLI_:%_\ I4=?:5%2(^+?^%R?\%0O^C



M.3Z1C&4I.RBFVD:T*%7$UZ.&H0=6OB*M.A1IQMS5*M6:ITX1NTKSG)15VE=Z
MLC^$FO\ QN\2^']2U3X_?#KX5_##QV^O3PQ^&?@_\9/%OQT\)'0H=
TE=/U%



K.I4<IR<JDKZ%%%%(@**** /E3]M#]G=?VJ?@1-\%


MVI?I:6J7NH?8OM=TMM;K/+((8POJ-%53FZ5*K1IVC&OB:F)K2BK3JSJT
!AW

MXM^$_PR]X2\/6?AO6+O3?'-MXC^#'Q!_:EU7XE:3JS7&@W&F0?#WXM?O\


VH:7I$T6L:;X7\;





I3DZ$Z-24HM.4L'5P\*^%BVZ4:LINK3JQER


MJTZ

M'5;[PWKUI83SSZ/J$=O


6*?+&*T45=RERQBE%
M.4I2LKRE)W;)2J5)XG$U92JU:^(KXW%UY**=3$X_%RJXBO45.
*5-XC&XEM0


&+0:)X/T:X\1^+M8-SK=]8PC2OWAZTNM=\1Z@7^R:)HUM<:IJ<UK8P


#
MA


M/*%*I.

?P/^''

M_B?I/@KPSI?Q!USPW/?W.@ZYXPT_1[2S\0:UI



945!M7HPK8K
\97KPI
M.



M^'M0U?PQK.C^(]


$]*_94_98_:)^,WQH_9ZOO$=]KFAZR/B9H'PY\;_!;]FKX0_L\ZUI
M$.E:U8ZEH?P2^=I+\4M7\=^(?&WQ'\6ZAKUE90W/Z9T44?W&(GB86]K/#RP
MZ;22C=+%4*CDHJ/M^:AC,1%/%O$4


^&UAX9@\6Z#











M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %?RB_%GX ?&35?V
?^





M5@Z%?&1J.;CA\9CL2\MIY=A(X7!X?BH2I8?!PPL




*ONL_$R_\ !=Q?6]AX
M;T_2=.^[?XL?\*;_9'_ &\OC5-XJUKP+\7]:_;9^.OA/Q]\2[#Q#\,?!=Q\
M,M23XW:1\#?@-XQ^('COXS?#GXO?#GX;_CP+^SI8_ SQ)XQ\:^*OA7\4;#P


Y8?



J2558





72J2C3ISC*4Z^(
MQ.$GC4O
H2QN
PN+G4=:I5P7]FQP4\OKY1A*S^=OV%OVHM/^+WP&_9#T#X




MO[5OQ'_9&U+0_P!MGXG#6[7X?_\ !8GPOH/[57@#P?\ LK:QX_\ B-\
_A/^
MW/\ LW_#OX:7J6FH_ +6_P!G2:VUWP;X;\(S:MX@\

MKOJZ_O#\5_A5X8^

TFTVY2[
MMTLOB/\  WQS\.OB'IMI)+&J:A8:=XHM;'5K8O9:I;WEG)) UOX8?#'P5\'/


?%


3&A2P^

1C*KABG2I


M+0M=UVZL=




MTZ]UOQ#XEO-/\/Z38:+97?B/Q=KNH^*/%FOW-IIMO;03ZWXG\3:OJWB+Q#JL




M(/V3O@)IWP6_:W^&O@3X7_%/]JO_ (*=:EXE_;J^.WQU^ '[._AGQIK_ (8_



M#I86
WY<D3Q%VZ

_&:;]GGPQ\9_AY\6/CQ^QY\??AK822

M'VLHXJ$

1*&&H4


:E2%'#XBG+$5_YJ
M/^B_PTQXQU[]E_QSX)^.?[9OA#]F2V\;_\$L+OXI^#;?X177P9@\#_ +=7


M 5_@0-;=KE-+N/B9^T OA?SQ($.L^+EM/*$E[YGW37GV@?SP-X8\?_ ! ^

OB'_L.:M_Z7W%?8E?'?B?_D9?$/\ V'-6_P#2^XH

MC:O]C_MC2-/U[3O^)CH/A#5-)N/M&DZI8W?^BWT_D^?Y$_E7
4T
?!?\/.?V
M'?\ HMW_ )C;XN__ # U]Z45]MA

MU\5&G%8BMAL'6\-

^F1BO$XAQ


NX8X2E0PW/2K4\?2J5




MGP[BN-2^






0ING[*G3Q\

T'QS9^'/&7A?6_WBW7OAHWCNP\+
MZOI]S8ZB#J(@L+GX%\4_M1?ML?_Q?XB^!OC#6?V3_'WQH\80?LW)X \0_#[
MX9?%CP_\/O@/KGQ_^+FM_#N[T3XP^'-=^.7B+Q%\9[7PQX9T#Q1\0/!.M:!X





)X*6.P&2




M49\0?/]C_\ 7?V_P#\(]_R/?A3PQ_:']H?\(QKG_(*^W?9/L/^G?9OM-G]
MH^=_B9^UA^T?\

M\'?#_P#3*O&O$_PD_P$C^.7PD^-'_0?8_^%6^/B_X-_X1O^R?M']N_P#

MFF)PN




?$/






?V:_# \




MUG^V1XX_:8^&?@+Q#\3?@OXT_9G^'7@3X6?#OQQ\2/B)KWQ_\'?$;XA7'B2?


M0^.K:_$GQBN=#U :7:F7*


M$5





0_'?_


M[\





M0AB

MBDT7XH6'A*_\

^#%W\(/A+XBM_$


5?$
'[%5[X'^-_PM^'





M$6PTR7PSJ.9\




MC\2/CQX2_:$^*GQ1\


MI?$O6-



L8Z\I4Z




M2_MC^TH/[
*/D(NOG

M

0W
M\#W?Q

M-C]LCQQ^TQ\
_ 7B'XF_!?QI^S/\.O GPL^'?CCXD?$37OC_ .#OB-\0KCQ)

M2WL7R9^S#_P2P?\ 9^^(_A3XCMXQ_9K\
#PQ^T+J'QU3X:?LG?L;P_LI?!S9




:^

MXYMU\6:[?6GP]T.#X*: #)I/A2;XE2#2KSQSKLEK^QC\2V^
Q\3ZU\=O!^J?

MXMY/B7H?@:YTZ[^('@GXA?#[QMX






MJS+'X7 2K3EA

'I'#T_P!














MA\-^*_BO\'-


]?^


_
M#6]\)^&?$/C'PM\6O 'Q @TSPU\-=2^(_C'4__AVW\(?#7PK\,=M]4^)?B

*M\$?%_P &
M_P#-_V3]H_MW_A:UY\,KO\ M+^V/[2@_LS^P?\ A7/E_8_[*U#^U/[8W_:M
M._L_;?7%N/U-U)0JU84X2Q\U
:-?&UN%L#A

*.'


M74J5\1=TZE:


O(T5K;RNL:_


+FU[6M


M*'M%%?*\_PU1X$T[Q;/_:FH7I^&VH?'X;_ !3\-^)])\ ?$;6ITTWQEJWC




MF2]R;IRTFN6Z_EYDW%2:TC*2C)J+:D^2II^[GR]+17S
/CQXI\*ZAK5K\7OA



MQ


)-/L;G0-1M;J2[TW4;NVLK^6VAM))MJS51[JZC1K5Z
M%235[Q4:N&KQNTDU2E.+<+2<P?M(4IP3E&O%RHOE?[Q*GK+D32;<:=2$YQM


M'6I_#?3KW6M1\6:)
G)J,[-V%S*W-=<O)IS7T]G4Y?9SOMR3YH\DMI<T;-W1Z-17QUXJ_:NB\







3X7_%
MK6K_ 

/#^EMX1\)ZY)X


MC+XA_PPYJW_ *7W%?8E?'?B?_D9?$/_ &'-6_\ 2^XH ^D/#OB+P_!X?T*&
M;7='AFAT?3(I8I=3LHY8I8[*!)(Y(WG#I(C JZ, RL& ((K8_X2?PW_ -##
MH?\ X-K#_P2*** #_A)_#?_ $,.A_\ @VL/_DBC_A)_#?\ T,.A_P#@VL/_
M )(HHH /^$G\-_\ 0PZ'_P#:P_^2*/^$G\-_P#0PZ'_ .#:P_\ DBBB@ _X
M2?PW_P!##H?_ (-K#_Y(H_X2?PW_ -##H?\ X-K#_P2*** #_A)_#?_ $,.
MA_\ @VL/_DBC_A)_#?\ T,.A_P#@VL/_ )(HHH /^$G\-_\ 0PZ'_P#:P_^
M2*/^$G\-_P#0PZ'_ .#:P_\ DBBB@ _X2?PW_P!##H?_ (-K#_Y(H_X2?PW_
M -##H?\ X-K#_P2*** #_A)_#?_ $,.A_\ @VL/_DBC_A)_#?\ T,.A_P#@
MVL/_ )(HHH /^$G\-_\ 0PZ'_P#:P_^2*/^$G\-_P#0PZ'_ .#:P_\ DBBB

'QV+PA





OAOXPO/#/B'56^*/@#QI\5-;US]GS3-.U*Q\/6?A/PEHOA3X


3PGX4TCQ7



M+&

M*OAQI/AU+JQD$]AXBN_A[/:WAU%M35X9-
B\!K%+%):74NI2ZH]U+=V\EJRW


M+_CW\&FMK[0M5M-)TW3-?TKQ3JWGI%J$VH^#I8KZW&E%%*JG65ISE?\ VCWD

)7:YZ-*I1HR;N







M_P!GH*E0_=G@_A7X5ZS'I_Q#T/XG_&OX9?$'3/BGH&O:!XUUO2_ VH^$?B%J


M_A[25U#55T#3TO/$%^NB6
]]K-U9VZVYU+4]:O\ [7J%X45I4E*JZTJC;E7N



^U6OV+9=E%3/WXJ







M@;P7J.GR7K:O=R67CRPTWQQ8WT-LFG6$/AW5-+NKEQXEDLYBBG%N$J4HZ.AB


M6=OA7/4E*2LOW3:G1]G.G2G#V'3-3%KXE\4:IJ7Q*T/5?#NK1Z$OAKPOY.@V





#KF6#Q;K=SJQTCPG\8




'3LI^^I*E5E6C&IS7]K!SG/VD*

MN4GYK\6_@-X!^(WC'3?&5CJ_P(:ZMO!ECX$N=-^*OPG\+?&#3-/T?1]3U'4]


E





M6'_R1110 ?\ 3^&_P#H8=#_ /!M8?\ R11_PD_AO_H8=#_\&UA_\D444 '_
M  D_AO\ Z&'0_P#P;6'_ ,D4?\)/X;_Z&'0__!M8?_)%%% !_P )/X;_ .AA
MT/\ \&UA_P#)%'_3^&_^AAT/_P;6'_R1110 ?\ 3^&_P#H8=#_ /!M8?\
MR11_PD_AO_H8=#_\&UA_\D444 '_  D_AO\ Z&'0_P#P;6'_ ,D4?\)/X;_Z
M&'0__!M8?_)%%% !_P )/X;_ .AAT/\ \&UA_P#)%'_3^&_^AAT/_P;6'_R

begin 644 gadock20152011a01.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_P  1 %H HH# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^P[3M.T]]





MVWX*^&/Q&^/7PE_8Z^)_Q6NOC=\(?A3HEKXS^(6GZ)\6/!=CX2T'XN^#_AN+
K&,%



M?V9IO_0.L?\ P$M__C=?@#HGQY_X*3?M3ZC_ 
%%/A-X'\ VOAB3PO\ LI7U



TW_H'6/_ (6_P#\;K^*_P!

M/QK\!7\:?$2_^(NJ^*?VR]7\)+\+_C;\+O'7P\U#P9HGA[X;:#\0O$[ZS-I]


M2G5=

;2P7^JUYY%[6&&J

'/\ AG[X\_'_A27Q/U7X9?V]\<?A3;^ /#?
MQ=_LMYT_X6%\#]4_M;5O^$^^&&H^1OTKQ9Y&D_;$F@;[!'YF!_#CJ7P:M?A'




'
3CE55.I!X?^S*N

M7_!7VY_;+_:A_8B\$V\7COXEZ=^PQXV\:Z9-=?2]\_#6]U?_A.;DC2M
\8





M7XB_9\_9CT'Q-X:TS]@_X_\ P*\4^-E\._'/P%K$?@NZTOQ+\+_!DWQU^*'A


M\




M@ZOJED^G2VV@7=S=/=W?FK%RI99A







(/ ?Q\\2Z-^RG^

%




NPF


5JTX*+3Q6=3X/Q&)PF



M#K'_ 
!+?_XW1_9FF_\ 0.L?_ 2W_P#C=7J* */]F:;_ - ZQ_\  2W_ /C=

M 

M_P!F:;_T#K'_ 
!+?_XW1_9FF_\ 0.L?_ 2W_P#C=7J* */]F:;_ - ZQ_\
@#U[1_#&N3:1I4T5CNCETZQEC;[39C<DE
MM$R-AK@,,J0<, 1T(!K1_P$3\0?\^'_ )-67_R37I7AC_D6O#W_ & ])_\

M_P$3\0?\^'_ )-67_R31_PB?B#_ )\/_)JR_P#DFO9J* /&?^$3\0?\^'_D
MU9?_ 31_P (GX@_Y\/_ :LO_DFO9J* /&?^$3\0?\ /A_Y-67_ ,DT?\(G
MX@_Y\/\ R:LO_DFO9J* /&?^$3\0?\^'_DU9?_)-'_)^(/^?#_R:LO_ ))K
MV:B@#QG_ (1/Q!_SX?\ DU9?_)-'_)^(/\ GP_\FK+_ .2:]FHH \9_X1/Q
M!_SX?^35E_\ )-'_  B?B#_GP_\ )JR_^2:]FHH \9_X1/Q!_P ^'_DU9?\
MR31_PB?B#_GP_P#)JR_^2:]FHH \9_X1/Q!_SX?^35E_\DT?\(GX@_Y\/_)J
MR_\ DFO9J* /&?\ A$_$'_/A_P35E_\DT?\(GX@_P?#_R:LO\ Y)KV:B@#
MQG_A$_$'_/A_Y-67_P DT?\ )^(/^?#_P FK+_Y)KV:B@#QG_A$_$'_ #X?
M^35E_P#)-'_)^(/^?#_ ,FK+_Y)KV:B@#\P[+_@F5^SQ'\8/!'QWU_P7\4?
MB7\2_AEX@UWQ7\--2^-_[4?[2'Q]\.?#CQ/XCC\K4_$'P_\ AY\;/C5X^^'7
M@K6%C$2:3J/AGPII=UX?6VLAH$NF?8;/R/M;_A$_$'_/A_Y-67_R37LU%*5

(1?*E=0BMHJR:3J5*S2=:K;VM5J]2I
MRN3C[2?Q3Y7.;7
W9RDU\3OXS_PB?B#_ )\/_)JR_P#DFC_A$_$'_/A_Y-67

_P#)^(/^?#_ ,FK+_Y)H_X1/Q!_SX?^35E_\DU[-10!XS_P
MB?B#_GP_\FK+_P2:/\ A$_$'_/A_P35E_\DU[-10!XS_PB?B#_ )\/_)JR
M_P#DFC_A$_$'_/A_Y-67_P DU[-10!XS_P (GX@_Y\/_ :LO_DFC_A$_$'_

_P#)^(/^?#_ ,FK+_Y)H_X1/Q!_SX?^35E_\DU[
M-10!XS_PB?B#_GP_\FK+_P2:/\ A$_$'_/A_P35E_\DU[-10!XS_PB?B#_
M )\/_)JR_P#DFC_A$_$'_/A_Y-67_P DU[-10!XS_P (GX@_Y\/_ :LO_DF



_P#)^(/^?#_ ,FK
M+_Y)H_X1/Q!_SX?^35E_\DU[-10!XS_PB?B#_GP_\FK+_P2:/\ A$_$'_/A

_P#)^(/
M^?#_ ,FK+_Y)H_X1/Q!_SX?^35E_\DU[-10!XS_PB?B#_GP_\FK+_P2:\4U
M6*2WU34H)5V2PW]Y#*N0VV2.XD1UW*65L
I&5)4XR1S7VC7QWXG_P1E\0_






M[WVNU_Y^;?\ [_1__%5B26**K_:[7_GYM_\ O]'_ /%4?:[7_GYM_P#O]'_\
M50!8HJO]KM?^?FW_ ._T?_Q5'VNU_P?FW_[_1__ !5 %BBJ_P!KM?\ GYM_
M^_T?_P 51]KM?^?FW_[_ $?_ ,50!8HJO]KM?^?FW_[_ $?_ ,51]KM?^?FW
M_P_T?\ \50!8HJO]KM?^?FW_P_T?\ \51]KM?^?FW_ ._T?_Q5 %BBJ_VN
MU_Y^;?\ [_1__%4?:[7_ )^;?_O]'_\ %4 6**K_ &NU_P?FW_[_1__ !5'
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M_P?FW_[_1__ !5 %BBJ_P!KM?\ GYM_^_T?_P 51]KM?^?FW_[_ $?_ ,50
M!8HJO]KM?^?FW_[_ $?_ ,51]KM?^?FW_P_T?\ \50!8HJO]KM?^?FW_P_
MT?\ \51]KM?^?FW_ ._T?_Q5 %BBJ_VNU_Y^;?\ [_1__%4?:[7_ )^;?_O]
M'_\ %4 6**K_ &NU_P?FW_[_1__ !5'VNU_Y^;?_O\ 1_\ Q5 %BBJ_VNU_
MY^;?_O\ 1_\ Q5'VNU_Y^;?_ +_1_P#Q5 %BBJ_VNU_Y^;?_ +_1_P#Q5'VN
MU_Y^;?\ [_1__%4 6**K_:[7_GYM_P#O]'_\51]KM?\ GYM_^_T?_P 50!8H
MJO\ :[7_ )^;?_O]'_\ %4?:[7_GYM_^_P!'_P#%4 6**K_:[7_GYM_^_P!'
M_P#%4?:[7_GYM_\ O]'_ /%4 6**K_:[7_GYM_\ O]'_ /%4?:[7_GYM_P#O
M]'_\50!8HJO]KM?^?FW_ ._T?_Q5'VNU_P?FW_[_1__ !5 %BBJ_P!KM?\
MGYM_^_T?_P 51]KM?^?FW_[_ $?_ ,50!8HJO]KM?^?FW_[_ $?_ ,51]KM?
M^?FW_P_T?\ \50!8HJO]KM?^?FW_P_T?\ \51]KM?^?FW_ ._T?_Q5 %BB
MJ_VNU_Y^;?\ [_1__%4?:[7_ )^;?_O]'_\ %4 6**K_ &NU_P?FW_[_1__
M !5'VNU_Y^;?_O\ 1_\ Q5 %BBJ_VNU_Y^;?_O\ 1_\ Q5'VNU_Y^;?_ +_1
M_P#Q5 %BBJ_VNU_Y^;?_ +_1_P#Q5'VNU_Y^;?\ [_1__%4 6**K_:[7_GYM


CJ
J2
\]*?0




YA8.EAX[^QH
MNI6JQHP;U5C4Q&*EAJ-_981XO&?5H4EB\2JOQ)XF_Y2F_LA?]F ?\%)/_6B




MI?UG\7?'?PL\8^'?VC_AA\;?@#\2/'?PI^'WA3PA)XXLO$7[.GB/XW_#OXV:



;@L(JCE]:R_ XNHH)5
11K8O'9KAG0E037)+V& I8G#PG4YJ]'$
M4:_-3C7A3AVGC_\ :B_9G^%'PT\
?&CXI?M$_ OX;?!WQL^BQ^#/BQX_^+?@
M#P=\-/%LGB72KG7?#D?ACQWXB\0:=X6UY]?T.RO-9T5=*U6[;5=*M+G4;$3V

ZM

/V78/@_X=35?@1^Q/\2M=^.WPM^*OA#]F#QK\






;B'@J\
-6GAU4XCQ-_RE-_9_PS /\ @I)_ZT5_






ME;E6$R3
#O@Q\6-4F^T9*VUN
MDMQI5C9S/?NDJ6,D-U);S&&1FFCCVNT?_#PG2M1_Y$[]G3]KWQZK[?)N/_[

M+\BS



M+1_*GWIJGB2^






7(



9=;_'_JY4XPMY\GM+=.8^_M6U

^<Q3!HYMENWDE
M'

MQ#NK+(1_+98K2*.5(X?-1S#&5]CT#]CS]FSPP(O[&^ /P&@EA4+%=W/PD\/:

9/




M1*L--N @07&E;U9/[5)9F8QE6$BA K@HY=6C:S3PTP_\'@[BS'2LUSYEQQEU

M
V\1


M


T;-'+%(K)(C
CJ5)%:4
_\/(5J
Z_A[F%:C&K3E6I
GA_%;*Z&(G1JPH5
MWX<X&HJ-:4)*E5=.?$,H3]G-QGR23C*UI)IM'Y4_ G_@JUX%\?\ @.#6?$WP
M(^.FCW&E7KZ)JU]X!\&ZA\4?!5G]CM[1H)I?%.FVVC3P7<L%Q!+=:7/HJW%D
M9H=DMW#-%.WLW_#RKX#?];^T'_X8_QC_P#&*^SO!?ABQ\*^&=)T;PGIOA?P





MV\K5O^?W3O\ P5W/_P N*/*U;_G]T[_P5W/_ 
N*X?[8\.7I+@;B)+JZ?'F'

M[_5_2Q_8GC#_ -'%X#_\55G/_P!-4_/RS_X*C?L26USJB:S\6-5\.W4NH121


MHW\R.*^\#:?=QI)M*^8B7%W(JOM9EW* VUB
X)H^O^%]2U^%N/
*]+RAQWD&
M



M0=7N[$6APIP+OR2254 LZ@]K8?M
_LWZI&TVF?M!?!'48DD\EI;#XK^ [N-9

095%A\'?#.
MEJ0Q!/F)IC6B3-Q\K2J[*
A2 2K^%]3[''N$VT]IP]F-NKU]EE?-_*G:.W-
M;7D3MXT4OM^&&/MU]EQ7E/-LKV]MG7)UE:\]U3OI[27N-C\2?AUJDCPZ;X^\
M%:C+&GF216/BG0[N1(]P7S'2WOI&5-S*NY@%W,!G)%=?;W-O=P1W-I/#=6TR
M[X;BWE2:5


;I%MPNS: !RD_\ P2]_8RENC?P?!_3M-O@N

)_\U+QYA7;1

T4!E\W[(CWXU'S+88
M50+H7$VU%9IC*/
+_L7P]J).CQWG--MR5L?P0Z'*DX*





M




G@R7UK\!)?

M)&DIW#Q)+I)4%7 4M@/('A0M-'(BX8CPT\1
+#VM;@7BZ-'6V(AP]FM7#.V_
M+B:.%J4)65F^6H[)IO1J_5A/&+PFQU3V.&\2^!)XC2^$GQ7D=#&1OMS8.OC:
M6*A=W2YJ*NTTM4TOMJLZ7_D+67_8.U3_ -*='KQK1/VA_@EXE /AW]H+X%Z[
MDN

KQI(C2(P#1AU+A=PKTFTOGU2\L[G3-;T/4HO

M]N7%X2OAG?M:M3@[ZK[S[; 9QE.:1YLLS3+LQC:_-@

MK.\K5O\ G]T[_P %=S_\N*/*U;_G]T[_ 
%=S_\ +BN$]$T:*SO*U;_G]T[_
M 




M5-/9IK=



OB'_L.:M_Z7W%?8E?

M2?\ T@MZW* BBB@ HHHH _+O]I']GWX6_M?\%+/V./#/Q0T;4M6TW3_P!A

M&I
T\+SVEA-:?0O_  [
_9HMSG1+GXQ^&=__ !\C0OC/X]@%[MSY)NOMFJWI


E?'7]K?0[1,FVL-)^/NO0V=D2=S&U2XT^YD0M*6G/F2RY
MF=V^Z0H7_A@;4K7$VE?MO_MYPWJG/J_QY@UZQLL@DTVY\)00RN4)\MVDS


M([=%_;U_:@MXI #.NN7_ (9\22M(N0I@FN]
MC:Q[3AXD5@[89FX !_PRE^U
M=:@QZ5_P4*^)4

.?L0U?X0?#C7IXR



+]2E)NUW-SXX=6HFE9TJE
M6=!IN])NS7P2/V,OC9J1SXF_;X_:1NRV9I/^$6C\)^E-X3C?$MA87HALMC2
+6V\)K?[05V;6!I<?;!96UCX=M/

;SNZ3O*[YE&6\

?Q#NHY;
G



5
MO;PQ0001I%#!#&L4


7_IITN@#1HHHH **** LZ7_ )UE_V#M4_]*='K1K.E_P0M9?]
M@[5/_2G1Z -&BBB@ HHHH **** ,[1_^03I?_8.LO_2:*M&L[1_^03I?_8.L
MO_2:*L[Q/XO\)^M
EUOQEXG\.^$M&A_UVK^)]:TW0=






M$91E4:S&U.$HSFXQ:;_6:BOR8_X7A_P5[^)Q ^'O[%/[./[.=I-S:ZK^TE^T
M!=_$J5K=]WE7-UH/P/T^VU'3YV39))IT\LLULY-O+(SJS*O_  RY_P %1/B3




L=MON%A1%6-U^?=H?\

M16X@B8EE5D9?^')_[ __ $*/Q:_\2#^
W_S9T?VAQF]N&
CBO^GG%F)C+ILJ


MGQ


MDCU+2-WBOXER(P.JV2LDD4GC9XIHI$+1S0RH\4T3/%*CQNRGVWP[_P3;_8



L:!I((\2SK'$0Y\FG_X+

M)(NGO#=26MSY;L+A4V

T0\VZ$LNLZCJBPP);D-:W+9CO;G=9QA)5)K]9Z*/[&XFJ?QN
M

MFW-;X?;?ZI8G@'GOM5]E]7YD_P!W[%ZGY+_\-1_\%6_$HQX=_P7O@SP'#*



=QJ2);67B3XB_%_5;K3&.DZ8BRWUUX=
EMJ=N#

M3(
(NWPY=D&#5K:)._1MN2YAKQQX8PRE'*?HV_1_RN#25JF#\6^(IV4HRO[7

MU75+78#(@MK#6V73)Q/(J6\_VAU


7AC]C[]G3P7J$BIO9/L^J:'81O:OY

MIT*-]JLM.O('@:&YN$FA:Q
LC-$RW

M]VY\B2/QBT3_ ((UWWAID;PY_P %&_\ @H-H#1LS(VB?&*RTID9H?L[
AL=#
M@*LT!\AB


T:Q[BL:






M%6KE6*ITIN

JS?+




AR7



MX3

Z\X1=KN$)1BW=M7;



MGT/5K4?^0KJ?_7Q;_P#INL:JU]%@\+3P.&I86E4Q-6G1BXQJ8S%XG'8F5Y.3
M=7%XRK7Q-:5Y.TJM6;4;0C:$8Q7XWQ'GV+XGSO

^Q^$R3 XO

M%?'?B?\ Y&7Q#_V'-6_]+[BOL2OCOQ/_ 





M67Q1XW\.:8(XI VH+






80F\/4JY<Z=24XEX;EP:PBQ2G&+CB77
M]AR3Y
7G
:M2IR-S5:KAUP[4RY8=1H*E//5F%.GB%EU./C/B;_E*;^R%_P!F

!?\ !2-]CV\+
MIO7]HG_@E
JMM9NY5=PK8R [ '#'/Z.?V1I/_0+T[_P!MO_ (U7G&1HT5G?
MV1I/_0+T[_P!MO\ XU1_9&D_] O3O_ &V_\ C5 &C16=_9&D_P#0+T[_ , ;
M;_XU1_9&D_\ 0+T[_P  ;;_XU0!HUG:/_P @G2_^P=9?^DT5']D:3_T]._\
M ;;_ .-50TK2]

S$EF))))).: .
M@HK._LC2?^@7IW_@#;?_ !JC^R-)_P@7IW_ ( VW_QJ@#1HK._LC2?^@7IW
M_@#;?_&J/[(TG_H%Z=_X VW_ ,:H -8_Y!.J?]@Z]_\ 2:6M&N?U72],CTS4
M9(]-L$D2PO'1TL[=71UMY&5E98PRLK %6!!! (.:O_V1I/\ T]._P# &V_^
M-4 :-%9W]D:3_P! O3O_  !MO_C5']D:3_T]._\ ;;_ .-4 :-%9W]D:3_T
M]._\ ;;_P-4?V1I/\ T]._P# &V_^-4 :-9UE_P ?.L?]A&+_ --.ET?V

MK._LC2?^@7IW_@#;?_&J/[(TG_H%Z=_X VW_ 
:H T:SI?\ D+67_8.U3_TI

M4QPV\$
D\\V(88Y)65#\(^+_ /@KY_P3PT3Q':^&_!GQ$O\ XW^+YH-0M[+P



MJ\UG5]

T5O;V\4D\\\\BQ0P0Q(9)9II9J1Q1(K/)([*B(I9B
M:^)_B[_ 
%)?V$/@;]KC^(_[4WPCL=0L=WVS0O#?B-/B%XGM77_ )97/A;X


T-_\ M+_%O]J#]KB_$L5U

M6Y@^(GQN(_*$N1(PN?#T+16[+,0WSHB'6?^S?QF5?[.\&?L@?L8^'[HYG/
MBKQ%XE_:%^+.EJX&P6/_  C$5I\++YH%9_M O HFG2#[.ZP&;?\ JY_9&D_]



&EAW1DE'F@[*WF'PV_9[^ OP<BAB^$OP4^%'PR6WC:.)_
M 7P]\)^$YMKJ5E:2XT/2;&XFEG!8W
TTLDUR[/)/)([LQ]@K._LC2?\ H%Z=

M8W
2;_\ 9&D_] O3O_ &V_\ C5 &C16=_9&D_P#0+T[_ 
 ;;_XU1_9&D_\
M0+T[_P  ;;_XU0!HT5G?V1I/_0+T[_P!MO\ XU1_9&D_] O3O_ &V_\ C5 !
MJG_'M%_V$='_ /3M95HUS^HZ7IB6\;)IM@C&_P!*0E;.W4E)-3LXY%)$8.UX
MV9'7HR
RLI(J_\ V1I/_0+T[_P!MO\ XU0!HT5G?V1I/_0+T[_P!MO_ (U1
M_9&D_P#0+T[_ , ;;_XU0!HT5G?V1I/_ $]._\  &V_^-4?V1I/_0+T[_P!
MMO\ XU0!HUG67_'SK'_81B_]-.ET?V1I/_0+T[_P!MO_ (U5STO3&N-55M-
ML&6._C2,-9VY(=
TZ0J@

M ( VW_QJ@#1K.E_YUE_V#M4_P#2G1Z/[(TG_H%Z=_X VW_QJJ$FEZ8-3LXQ
MIM@(VL-1=D%G;[&=+C2E1F7R]I9%DDL1E0[@$!FR =!16=_9&D_] O3O_ &
MV_\ C5']D:3_ - O3O\ P!MO_C5 &C16=_9&D_\ 0+T[_P  ;;_XU1_9&D_]
M O3O_ &V_P#C5 &C16=_9&D_] O3O_ &V_\ C5']D:3_ - O3O\ P!MO_C5
M!H__ =+_[!UE_Z315HUS^E:7IDFF:=))IM@\CV%F[N]G;L[NUO&S
S-&69


MJ@#DM1_YNI_]?%O_PFZQJK4UW#%;ZCJ

27$.V*)%CC7=I]DS;40!5
MW
Q8X RQ)/)-0T %%%% !7QWXG_Y&7Q#_P!AS5O_ $ON*^Q*^._$_P#R
OB'


M444 %%%% 'Q)XF_Y2F_LA?\ 9@'_  4D_P#6BO\ @E)7Z1U^;GB;_E*;^R%_



M4'C6U W^#/V:?A!XU^).KS%]RPSU*?3] \)WHN'1HX7M/$DT9

N2=;

A^/(W









MB/%3.L9AIPY_W^+X'R6O&32^IR2YI?!/_#VO0?&I\G]G?]BS]N?X_P#FF
VO
MB/0O@9=^#_AW+#
K_9Y9_&?B_4[%K$73*#;?:=$598$N9BZ?9_+D/^&@_P#@
MKI\3!_Q;G]@SX&? .TN!*EEK7[1_[1
'CG.4!@O[_P 
?!^SL==L(0Y9)=
E


M1Q5![1P\-S\C_P#AG/\ X*V?$P'_ (65^W_\'/@597$2F^T']F_]G6P\6[F!
MPUII_B_XL7MEXCTV




M%\/QJ3%)Q;2+3(_$#ZC.T,QV3K!:R&#:[2A%C=E\$\2?\%:/^=?A42G4_V


X

!


IPG*ENW


M:S8N_P##5_\ P4Q_Z1
?^;X? '_YG*7^OF1=
'QA-=)4_#OQ J0EYQG#AB4)
MKM*



-7_P#!

WP^ /_ 

M_P#\%8?!?PZT?4_'_!.^X^#TTWBW2[:^\3V?Q,\(?M6WLT86:ZL],A\%__
M3['4- CN[^VMUF\1ZO;7^F\1Z3$MMJ.HVDU?27A;]L+_ (*6?\(SX;U3Q=_P
M2IU.Y:?0M(N-:U/0/VK_ (0V&H75_=:= TUW9_#?5=-N/$OA]+J_D\R3PYK.

MG1ADD\=AU#V;YJN






MEBJE&

BS&W]GYUE&/YOA^IYE@\5







M4+T[0?OAGXM_P#!0W]L7]G?X@?%SX2ZK^PEH?Q/\3_1OVT/AE!\9?VG_&=

_#J;P=JFJ6/AKPAIMEIWZ.?L


_B






M&7]@?_@H[;Q)J.K:+IS2RW/[0G_!+.X@2






M_#17P3_Z*E\-O_#E_#C_ .:VC_AHKX)_]%2^&W_AR_AQ_P#-;7R[_P .G?\

M\$Y&!4_LC??!!!Q8ZLIP1CAEU8,I]I!!Y!!KTCP#^P1^Q#X.TC2F\/?LC_





G]G \

M'FA?ZU?1FP%OJ'@SXL9W5CO6XI\=.'X8*J^_]E\
4E\&+XIXJ\<.(L;#1





MI0TZ^]H?1_VVY_Z ^H_]_=)_^6E'VVY_Z ^H_P#?W2?_ ):5^8\__!7O]E'6


M*B

B;$=1(4_-7_A#?\ @KW\2?\ D/\ QF_8

MPK_Q4\1F5;-X/KKD]DNO

MB
\

%Z\V\/?\$@OV!=)O\ ^VO$

';1_-$DTI\S#;1
M]=^!/V6_V:?AAY)^'7[/WP7\$S0
9$N_#/PR\&Z/J!E*JC32ZE9:-%?SSLB1
MHT\]S)



M.

M_@D=_P $\?#LHN8?V5;?6+UF\VYO?%7CSQSXMFO;EHFCFNKJ+Q%\2M2LVEN&
M=YYDBM8K?[2WGQP1R)&4_2K1_P#D$Z7_ -@ZR_\ 2:*M&JI^'O M.49OA'AZ
MO5C\-;&Y5@\?73[JOC:6(K)Z;\]RZ7A9X;TYQJ2X&X6Q-:'P8C

EP.9XF+[



MPYX;\&Z&8OW!M?W9TR:U
?\ HI-M\N/W!

M:LK6[(SOMMS_ - ?4?\ O[I/_P M*/MMS_T!]1_[^Z3_ /+2M&BO2/6.?L[R
MX%QJI&E7[%K^-F59-
S&?[

M

^H&&4

M)I---)IJS35TT]TT]TSPSQ/^S9^SEXV




/XC_$/P3\7[6$[
M%(3[-KMGI*O;I-#;&. L%2V2YM0?],EE'ZOT5Y'_ !#S@R'^ZY%A\M[?V-7Q
MF26_P_V1B<%R^7+:W0\+_B%?A_#_ '/AOY1;;_5_$X_AWD_P?V%B\N]G;2W

M\5/K%^9A-

7]H!%^P-\3X([2[1'OH_C%X
M+\1W$;M91SS
MAJ$OAR&**2RN9 9Y);VZ@@A$$43Q?K36=+_R%K+_L':I_
MZ4Z/1_J1@Z7^Y9]QE@4ME'BW.\QC'R4
\Q6:Q45TA;DBM(Q44DC_ (AUE]'_




M)L\ZAGRAY9_4JBG_ *L9Y2_W;Q XH26U/&8+A#&TOG+_ %8H8MIK1IXO;6/+

M^$=&7_BX'[&G_!0?X:^7N6YO/%7[




(TS]ICX66IG-N$_X2/Q9HO@\*;IS'%YQ\6WVBW
ML
W!N#$+-




MT9-V?VH07

M/].OMMS_ - ?4?\ O[I/_P M*/MMS_T!]1_[^Z3_ /+2OS%_X=$_LS?]#_\


C$J%7@_M;CA:RX.RIKM2XOYI7]*O#U-M[OGOM:+N[']M

M(F-/L@-Q@EFB.X 


_#_X
M5_&;X!? KQ%H?Q.O?&?[1GB;Q!X7\#ZOH/PQ\9:C\--)O/#7P[^('Q+U ^-?



M

^.

Z?'!?



G4/C_M7.
NR_EMOS?6\11Y




1





5C.*51?SR[S\@_LWQ/Q

MX)G?MM:J9&6Y^*7A?PQ\%E9R8XQ]H;7]:UI;2/[09U,KLZVCANS^[G98&G


M&/QD5VY
9%]Y

M
M/LC(C6]](EVJ7

M7(,ND:69GLO'3W-QXAC8!A;PXL;@PBW%Y$\<MW+!!^L-9UE_P ?.L?]A&+_
M --.ET/@;+ZW^_YQQ=F2TYH5^+

MRJO_ 
C//^.LV5TY0Q/''$F!P]2W2M@\CS#*
%6@WJZ53#RHM[TW9'YA0_\


M0!G:/_R=+_[!UE_Z315HUG:/_R=+_[!UE_Z315HT %%%% !1110!G67_'S
MK'_81B_]-.EUHUG67_'SK'_81B_]-.EUHT %%%% !1110!G:I_Q[1?\ 81T?
M_P!.UE6C6=JG_'M%_P!A'1__ $[65:- !1110 4444 %9UE_Q\ZQ_P!A&+_T
MTZ76C6=9?\?.L?\ 81B_]-.ET :-%%% !1110 5G2_\ (6LO^P=JG_I3H]:-
M9TO_ %K+_L':I_Z4Z/0!HT444 %%%% !1110!G:/_R=+_[!UE_Z315HUG:
M/_R=+_[!UE_Z315HT %%%% !1110!P.H_\ (5U/_KXM_P#TW6-5:M:C_P A
M74_^OBW_ /3=8U5H **** OCOQ/_P C+XA_[#FK?^E]Q7V)7QWXG_Y&7Q#_


M
G.
:+HTZ=.$?RJ_X95_:7FM;K]H2?1/@9'^U._[8]C^UM;?!.+XQ^/Y?V?U








M31?DGPWE62U(KM:IS=Y-ZG/_ *AXG$?\C3C_ (_S2_Q*.;99D$7M=1_U2R7A


8]-20*P^5BCH
M^=KJV+_P!BN?\ H
:C_P!^M)_^5=&L?\@G5/\ L'7O_I-+6C0!G?8KG_H
M:C_WZTG_ .5='V*Y_P@QJ/_ 'ZTG_Y5UHT4 9WV*Y_Z#&H_]^M)_P#E71]B
MN?\ H,:C_P!^M)_^5=:-% &=]BN?^@QJ/_?K2?\ Y5U0L[.X-QJH&JWZE;^-
M698],S(?[,TYM[[M-90P#


A%
FFO(54?*I=W?

MOUI/_P JZ/L5S_T&-1_[]:3_ /*NM&B@#.^Q7/\ T&-1_P_6D__ KH^Q7/
M_08U'_OUI/\ \JZT:* .?L[.X-QJH&JWZE;^-698]
S(?[
TYM[[M-90P#,
M
(FR-24
A=WO_8KG_H
:C_WZTG_ .5=%E_Q\ZQ_V$8O_33I=:- &=]BN?\
MH
:C_P!^M)_^5='V*Y_Z#&H_]^M)_P#E76C10!G?8KG_ *#&H_\ ?K2?_E71

M1DB1 24+JHD1X]R-?^Q7/_08U'_OUI/_ 
JZ-4_X]HO^PCH__IVLJT: 
[[%

JZT:* 

MH^Q7/_08U'_OUI/_ 
JZT:* 

M\:LRQZ9F0_V9IS;WW::RA@&$8$81-D:DH9[OT%9UE_Q\ZQ_V$8O_33I= !]
MBN?^@QJ/_?K2?_E71]BN?^@QJ/\ WZTG_P5=:-% &=]BN?^@QJ/_?K2?_E7
M1]BN?^@QJ/\ WZTG_P5=:-% &=]BN?^@QJ/_?K2?_E752SN/[3LU_M6_)-




QL[VY
)A:^)E?MRT83=_*QWX'*LTS2


M+9:;K^CV+Z9H]UJVA3K=W$TMG%?7-H@34[;2[V2*ZAGBM)(A
\7T;73G.1YQ







MN%6
J2PTFE.&)]HE4I2A4IT*D

Q-+*JV84
$Y/%O+ZM'$
M5*-*4

MM1_\$^K?_(58-&BL[^U+;_GEJ/_ ()]6_\ D*C^U+;_ )Y:C_X)]6_^0J -
M&BL[^U+;_GEJ/_@GU;_YH_M2V_YY:C_ .?5O\ YH T:SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_


%!



M&VY0D@5RA60+Y;HS '045G?VI;?\\M1_\ !/JW_P A4?VI;?\
M/+4?_!/JW_R%0!HT5G?VI;?\\M1_\$^K?_(5']J6W_/+4?\ P3ZM_P#(5 &C
M6=+_ ,A:R_[!VJ?^E.CT?VI;?\\M1_\ !/JW_P A50DU*W.IV;^7?[5L-10@
MZ5J@?+W&E$%8S9^8R@(VYU4HA**[*TD88 ZBL[^U+;_ )Y:C_X)]6_^0J/[



MK$^F6$2/) ]P)8@[PR[/
W:6&08/)CD8 Y4D,!D2?MK_LJQ2/&W
MQM\'EHV9&
(=6[I\!
&7B%44;<SAP9Q')14KV

MQ?:4\=K!\-/&B3SE-4LW



M=7A/.\+%MI3QV#G@(:6N_:8WV$++F3;YK)7=[1E;;_B#_BA%*5?@7B/!0;:]
MIF67U







MT+1HW:TBW*9;=
73A'\HY= #^UO^@.J9 MOV6O]M(0I9]*^-NM:O;^7AO

M3



*&G?VJB^DFM3[
MPHKX:_X45^T3_P!'J?$?_P 
GX9_^
4?\
6$T=MH$XN&) V.Y4QC*@'<:/^&5-:N<
M1:C^UM^U_+:'ETTSQ;<:/=EARFR^M_DLD:AL%T$;1<H<9R#_5[A)?'X@8




M^_=?-C][^[^]Q7S1;?L)?LG+.EWJ_P //$WBB^08%[XF\3?%34YCN5A)OB&K

M_P!O:?J7F_+R?-WYE_?'
W[RE]5\.*'Q9YQIF+6\:7#&295!O^6%:IQ7FLVO

_)X*FU

GE?+_85OJ.\[N2$W$1_OCB



M0
SDOAGBN.


M4E\&.\M?A')8:1T:3$NI:AK
/D
X4_PM@87O^$6_;ZUS_D*?%/\ 9W\#%R=W_%^?%GB;R5+8S#
M_P )A-#YA6.-742@ R3SQLQ2*%Z^MM*U*W33-.1H[\LEA9H2FE:I(A*V\8)6


M

KML\EX;X:R1Q_PRRC*
%)6[\U[ZWO=A_Q%


S3'XW
M

MXMX_.LSS'-\=*E1H2QN:8W$X_%NAAJ4:&'HO$8NK5K.EAZ

M%&$4D4445Q'G!7QWXG_Y&7Q#_P!AS5O_ $ON*^Q*^._$_P#R
OB'_L.:M_Z7


M%_'_ 
2^%?%GQ1\-^)M4U?PI;_V:L7ASXJ?%GX=:#XR\.C5[+71X)^+_ (3^
M&_CCPEX5^.?P[&JV7VH?#?XSZ+X]\!C^T-?@'AW[-XE\0PZINZI^SG\)]3U?

MU8X?E7L%5QDG/&552M[-5


<4T4I9KA,'PY#1R_UHS;*^':\8NSO' 9MB\+F
M=9V=^3#8*M4:NU!V9]ROCC6@E/.\#@.$:=DY/C3/
EX3Q

M3*VOLL'EV(K-7:IM)V^Q=8_Y!.J?]@Z]_P#2:6M&OA;6?@S^UUXSTG4Y/'W[






MLXO!*4;WUFZ4N57Y.;W3[4HKXK_X88^&\_&J_$W]H;747F&/5_C%KTR6['[S



MU*2#X.Z=
8+Z&.)-2\3^.=8A1%T^QN-OV?5O%%[ P
MQ*S[HSO#!'W(D:J?4

J[6O)1X&R:G&7]UUZW'[E3=];K#5E:V[;Y3^R_6GK/C7Q Q+6O
ML\/X;
E96\_=
69I2[LS'U?2?#7AS0 1H




MK2DZ5^RMX)\'!N8W\8_&W0]=. O#/#X8L89$
AD1A$Q62(03QR_
\3U1EB_X
M*#:MJ=E(US^REX47[)J)B@AC^)^MW@A$NG)

$MDG@


 5D=T3]VJ4'X4?





;+EBK1A]E(/^(M

X%)*W*DL)D]!1C&RY(JT8?82/AO2/V'_!;Z7IQG^
_[
M3-PDEE:M+!)\8]2CMY8Y(49[=H;;3($2W*
81'$(\184
&^:M#_A@_X._P#0
MT?&K_P .WXI_^/5]AZ/_ 

UIW=VJ-:-!-


[HW=VL/B(8:

K=+I\JNE9-H^

M\3VGN)3S)/

XT




MR[NYCC94+N[E=S
3UEK^S'^SA:0B+X?!UT!9@UU\-_%[-ECDYN+W2+B=A
M_=5IJCA0!Q7L-E_Q\ZQ_P!A&+_TTZ76C7'5XOXLK_QN)^(JUVF_:YUF52[2











M7_'SK'_81B_]-.EUHUG67_'SK'_81B_]-.ET :-%%% !1110 5G2_P#(6LO^
MP=JG_I3H]:-9TO\ R%K+_L':I_Z4Z/0!HT444 %%%% !1110!G:/_P @G2_^
MP=9?^DT5:-9VC_\ ()TO_L'67_I-%6C0 4444 %%%% ' ZC_ 
A74_\ KXM_








OI?0\?[4_[

MLXQJ[R?M 1_%[X?/\$D2/Q'_ 
(=([_%5?$)\*L?B[_ (I5V;7@%\1_\2-B
M-3_T6O6?GBSPMX\\





OQJQ5.G@YPJ4ZWUGVDN:F^:
H?7L[P\73G3=;



M_P#M)?LXVGQM_PJ?[&0UOQGK=EI2?L1?MY:IK/AZ+[?'I%_H_A#X[_ /!.

EK T9^[-*_8(_9AT@
M[H/A5X8NYSN\NLW7CG77DDD14D=_PV?'-\F6V[]JHL:2
\D2([L3]+@L!P

8S=1
M.3IQ^ZR_+/#F. PN)SOB_B?^T*T%.ME?#_!FQU+/DIMTL1FN;\6Y&O:^T=


/

M.I%IJ
(*NZJ[#HS@







PC0


1

'Q[^//Q4

E7\K4LF/:@(VY/J7@S]E#]F_P (3X8

M_P#EQ1Y6K?\ /[IW_@KN?_EQ7+C..^

=0EA*G$.94


/$WC_ #+#2P-;BO.



J#3-1
EY

MC1HK.\K5O^?W3O\ P5W/_P N*/*U;_G]T[_P5W/_ 
N* -&BL[RM6_Y_=._\
M%=S_ /+BCRM6_P?W3O_  5W/_RXH T:SK+_ (^=8_[
7_IITNCRM6_Y_=.





MW3O_  5W/_RXH\K5O^?W3O\ P5W/_P N* -&BL[RM6_Y_=._\%=S_P#+BCRM



%=
MS_\ +BJ%G'JGVC5=MY8!A?QB0MIMPP9_[




M$IS=[1A%RD[*[M%)MV2;=ELKF[17$W?B_1; H+_QSX)LC*&
8N[FTMC(%P&*




 T8N28YN0\8I_\1IX-J?[G
&M1T^
W&OZ




9K'.
JE#'X:GBH48XV%*BGB*




M?\%)/_6BO^4E?I'0 4444 %%%% !6=H_P#R=+_ .P=9?\ I-%6C6=H_P#R
M=+_ .P=9?\ I-%0!HT444 %%%% &=K'_()U3_L'7O\ Z32UHUG:Q_R=4_[
M!U[_ .DTM:- !1110 44R66.&-YII$BBB1I))966..-$!9G=W(5$4 EF8@


W7B_P_;B0K@L$
VH

BQ77Q%\(6\C1G2M-42*DVL



\\

M%22A3X4XEG)WM&&19I*3LKNRCA6W9:O3;4]NHKP;_AJ+]G/_ *+9\-O_  J]













MQ[_;?[=5X


M:W6HO8L?WAALEU6Z1;F)&_
MZ_\ 
Y\4

M6YG:#C)_6-E_Q\ZQ_P!A&+_TTZ76C7Q?8_L[_&C4+O5E\0_M=_$VX@^V1HZ^

M_:7\7A]QEM]:^+=ZFGEI$'G)!9:9IE@EM;O*J3+ DC;&CB0R.B;6%QIXEXI?
M[#X



MS

JM&






M_L;.^'$]4^9P4.:]HJ%DSX\_X3S]M/5

M8]/=HQF5'@^5FVI(NW=C[HI_P#$+,96_P1EXK^+69W^+_A?R'(^;_Q$^%^


%$_XBCQ-3








MB(Y'_P#





H ;=V/+%_P*+D1$[CN
00O\N_=M7'UM16D/ CP1IR52/@]X7NK&



?(]\;EXU]5C95


ZW-9R]KQ1GE3FM:W-SXZ5[65K[65MCQ6U_9M_9[LT:.'X

M76D!9G
-M\/_  G!$78 
QCBTE$+


^9^USK
JEY=WSXEW

OB'_



M
4\





-JNI_J7^S[
M\1/%'Q9^$'@KXD^+;7X
V]_XTTS_ (2#3;C]GWXU:C^T-\(-8\





]Y\7OA?
M:0A@IFN?'_A2(,WJ9)=61 S'@#.3VK\POC%\!O _Q+_PKG['EQXTDUG7

M

S\=9Z_6_;#].7
M^S^


/XBUNM_KG#6&M_=Y?J&+OK]
MKF6]N32[\X_X; _9F_Z++X/_ / B\_\ D.LIOVV?V6E9E/Q?T4E6*DKI/BAU
MR#@[730F1AZ

MJJ JJN@Z4%50

MV3H)7A?XLQ
\;;6
/@OXB7
1/7Y)[?PC+#(.?O1R.O;.0:S--_;;^#T^GZ?!

MWC9F9FC+
S
268DDDDDYH_L+QMK^[B/$OPZPU-ZMY3X0Y]0Q4;M7C'$9IXP9



PIPZWH9A2JWM^^Y;QD_]

M




M46Q/^L

9/FQ7#^
S.;M
C[6<^624U:23%_P 18X]CIA\YPV BOAIY


MN'_YZ3-%K$


MWB&[BPPP

7S+I*]UW
:OBOXI




L=_&D8:SMR$0Z9ITA5 8\*ID=W*K@;W9L;F)/M8?PS\-\)R_5?



M_P#0+T[_ 


(148Q791BDDO)(X92E.3E.4I2;NY

M1KG]*TO3)-

LS
Q)9B22223FK_\ 9&D_
M] O3O_ &V_\ C5 &C16=_9&D_P#0+T[_ 
 ;;_XU1_9&D_\ 0+T[_P  ;;_X
MU0!HT5G?V1I/_0+T[_P!MO\ XU1_9&D_] O3O_ &V_\ C5 !9?\ 'SK'_81B
G?^ -M_\:H -4_X]HO^

M215_^R-)_P@7IW_ ( VW_QJ@#1HK._LC2?^@7IW_@#;?_&J/[(TG_H%Z=_X
M VW_ ,:H T:*SO[(TG_H%Z=_X VW_P :H_LC2?\ H%Z=_P -M_\:H T:SK+

M$.F:=(50&/J9'=RJX&]V;&YB2 =!16=_9&D_P#0+T[_ , ;;_XU1_9&D_\
M0+T[_P  ;;_XU0!HT5G?V1I/_0+T[_P!MO\ XU1_9&D_] O3O_ &V_\ C5 &
MC6=+_P A:R_[!VJ?^E.CT?V1I/\ T]._P# &V_^-50DTO3!J=G&--L!&UAJ

R^7M+(LD@5B

V0#H**SO[(TG_H%Z=_X VW_QJC^R


M.LO_ $FBK1KG]*TO3)-

LS
Q)9B22223
MFK_]D:3_ - O3O\ P!MO_C5 &C16=_9&D_\ 0+T[_P  ;;_XU1_9&D_] O3O
M_ &V_P#C5 &C16=_9&D_] O3O_ &V_\ C5']D:3_ - O3O\ P!MO_C5 '):C

M -+[B@#ZH\

MBBB@#XD\3?\ *4W]D+_LP#_@I)_ZT5_P2DK](Z_-SQ-_RE-_9_[, _X*2?^
MM%?\$I*_2.@ HHHH **** L[1_^03I?_8.LO_2:*M&L[1_^03I?_8.LO_2:
M*@#1HHHH **** 

M **** 
[1_\ D$Z7_P!@ZR_])HJT:SM'_P03I?_ &#K+_TFBK1H **** B
MBB@#.LO^/G6/^PC%_PFG2ZT:SK+_CYUC_L(Q?\ IITNM&@ HHHH **** ,[
M5/\ CVB_[.C_P#IVLJT:SM4_P/:+_L(Z/_ .G:RK1H **** BBB@ K.LO
M^/G6/^PC%_Z:=+K1K.LO^/G6/^PC%_Z:=+H T:*** BBB@ K.E_YUE_P!@

[1_\ D$Z7




MX

MAYJ
I3651=6$:='VO]F9/@\J57%4J-.%*OBFL(HX6O-.#R^5/+E2K^R^M5
M
*\_;1PD%2HT_JSJOVD:?[^7M




V@Z_JT=B&F^C*YTFZ5&O9^RQ$:TZ

M-#%XC UFD[27)BL)B*+4DGS4FTG%QDU*

MG!ODJ1J49\M6G4A'XM_X7)_P5_Z,R_8)_\ %E/[0O\ ]*CH_P%R?\ !4+_
M *



OV?_%E/[0O_ -*CK[2HI$GQ;_PN3_@J%_T9E^P3
M_P+*?VA?_I4='_Y/\ @J%_T9E^P3_XLI_:%_\ I4=?:5% 'Q%J'Q@_X*@3
M6%]W[&O[!2++:7






MDD^+?^%R?\%0O^C
OV?_%E/[0O_ -*CH_X7)_P5_Z
R_8)_P#%E/[0O_TJ
M.OM*B@#XM_X7)_P5_Z,R_8)_P#%E/[0O_TJ.JEM\8/^H3:@P_8U_8*8S7
MB2,#_P %)_VA5$6%C#M!_X=2MO!6)7W$(07*;2$#O\ ;M?
?PB_:L^'?QE^
M
I&.\HT77I.IRW<(2=1I0A.47).%)UY)QH1K4,/*LTU2A7Q+FL
M-2G/X83KRISA14FO:5$J<+SE&+XG_A<G_!4+_HS+]@G_ ,64_M__2HZ/^%R
M?\%0O^C
OV?_%E/[0O_ -*CK[2HH$?%O_Y/^H7_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_ .E1
MT?\ Y/^H7_ $9E^P3_ .+*?VA?_I4=?:5% 'Q;_P +D_X*A?\ 1F7[!/\
MXLI_:%_^E1U4?XP?\%0#?VTW_#&O[!09+2^C?\ #R?]H4AA+-I[
Q?_ (=2
M@J4
*@+L8.')+)L ?[=K\U_$?_!4S]G7PQ\$_P!J[XXZCX8^+KV/[('Q-^('


64_M__2HZ/^%R?\%0O^C,OV?
M_%E/[0O_ -*CK[+M;A+NVM[J


MR?\ !4+_ *

M*BD6?%O_  N3_@J%_P!&9?L$_P#BRG]H7_Z5'1_PN3_@J%_T9E^P3_XLI_:%


6VD5&+E*

5K
M)I)L^-M/^


,JE.49PJ4:U;#UJ=2$Z=2E7PU6=O1J4YJ
X5

M7)_P5_Z,R_8)_\ %E/[0O\ ]*CK[2HH ^(K;XP?\%0$FU!A^QK^P4QFO$D8
M'_@I/^T*H0BPL8=H/_#J5MX*Q*^XA"Y3:0@=[?_  N3_@J%_P!&9?L$_P#B
MRG]H7_Z5'7HWPY_:(MO'GQW^-G[/VH?7XI?#?Q5\&O#WP]\;#Q!XWE^%%WX
M1^*'@7XG:[\3/#'A3QG\.[GX=_%/Q]XA@TV?5OA'XNM;S2_B9X;^''BZRCBT
MV:3PV8+U7C^C*=FHTY--*K2IUH734N2K!3AS1=I4YI.U2E44:M*:E3JPA4A*


-_;3*N



&TTTFG[T%43LW%ISJ0MSKW543

M)_P5_Z,R_8)_P#%E/[0O_TJ.OM*B@#XM_X7)_P5_Z
R_8)_P#%E/[0O_TJ
M.JEM\8/^H3:@P_8U_8*8S7B2



OV?\ Q93^T+_]*CJH
M_P 8/^H!O[:;_AC7]@H


MH7_Z5'7VBK!@&4AE8!E93D

M\6_\+D_X*A?]&9?L$_\ BRG]H7_Z5'1_PN3_ (*A?]&9?L$_^+*?VA?_ *5'
M7VE7RW^U3^US\
OV/]!^&/BCXK:9XPNO#GQ





MK&

OV?_%E/[0O
M_P!*CH_X7)_P5_Z
R_8)_\ %E/[0O\ ]*CK[2KS#XV_%CP]\!O@S\6?CCXM


MBFVD:T*%7$UZ.&H0=6OB*M.A1IQMS5*M6:ITX1NTKSG)15VE=ZLC^$FO_&[Q
M+X?U+5/C]\.OA7\
/';Z]/#'X9^#_P 9/%OQT\)'0H=
TE=/U%_&WC3X$_L[

M7QWXG_Y&7Q#_ -AS5O\ TON* /JCPQ_R+7A[_L!Z3_Z06];E8?AC_D6O#W_8


K.I4<IR<JDKZ%%%%(@**** /E3]M#]G=?VJ?@1-\%+K2? O




MVI?BKI[^&Y[ZXT^W\

'+?7;J[L-#GUT6<QTB
M'6;ZPL=3OK/2I=0%NFHW=EINH7=O9M--;6-W
B02?EA^SG_P3J^+G[./Q#_9
MO^)R?M?_ !=^-NJ_#_0OBAX
-M!_P"C?A[X9ZE'K^KP_S'[77Q._:
M-\5?!CQ+\2(!X/E\07'BWX/^#_VA/'OA;3M3TG3]1@\&VWQB^-MCHUIXQ77-

MFT*


UB]-S DMOKWCSPW\./BYKGARU2S:Y







MCQ=H]AXA\)^
?!^N:9XF\*^)] U6VCO-+USP]XAT6ZO=(UK1]2M)8KJPU/3;



VUU<Z-J4^FV&LPZ?JL$$CRZ


M/C=\&-#DUV+6_B[\



DY3K4XIQ=Y5
/.-.O36FLZ%2485HKWJ4Y1C-1DT

M

MI'BGQ!\


UI1H


T_XZ

M#



/F&$HXS#X7&


MO WB3]F/]HGX(7F@Z38P:7J-GJE_=ZU\7]#EOM/UB?2=-D\-V^O3?VA)?066

UH

14]E43YJ=3EFM8H_/C_@G
MW^R=\4_V2-)_:


10Q5

!?B#XT2'P=I?@SXB7WCKQ'XFTC6+KQ;X(L? +Z)X^_0*BBMJM:57D
M348JE91YM95)RJU:DI2E*4IU*DY2=Y<M./)0HQI8:C1HT^*E2C1C3A&524*

57J5BBBLC4*^.
M_$__ 

MP'I/_I!;UN5A^&/^1:\/?]@/2?\ T@MZW* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH





M^S3JGQF^&7C'X/\ B/1_V@O&6M?WX_?\%-?^D_P1\2? '4_!WP9;X9Z9H5



MT?QK=^'KSQ

M


6J^!?

^9OVW
M98/B)XJ_;2_:!^!GQ7_X)UVFF_LUPVWPV^'PX^#O[3VL?#/QYK&AWOPEN?V



#1P
*LXQA,O[,S+#8G,&Z:]O#'O,L=1S.@Z%6E2C#!87 U
M85(TEB'W'PO^+?P^^.?PXTWXH?SQ!_PE/@7QWB2TT?7/[*UO1/MEQX8U_6
M?6N1_V9XBTW2-8M_L/B#0M5T_?=:? ES]E^U6;7%E/;7
W\\/P:^*O[3'[+

=*U:'XI_%;P/!
MXK^ _CCX?^#? ]S\+7L+ICXQT+Q9=W.A^S-J?QH^&'Q ^#OB'2?CYXRU'X8?

#==\<7OQM^G_!0SX[?M!^_'NL

-/OQ$\0VGB&R3Q%





(KUZ$:*PEEBY?V-.
W6CB
)
M46/K5(87#XNAA
70\A_8GU[QSXI_8Y_94\2_$Z2_G^(OB#]G7X
:SXXGU02#
1I&+EJ^G::B)$B1QHL<<:J


M








\*^'OB#J_@OQ!I7B3QU\--3TS5[SQ5\1?A5IP

(\!Q'1Q=6E/#UL%2C
M#+N&.$I4





M=Q!%)\U?&C_@EUX5^+G[/?[)_P (]4U;X'^.O%G[(\8@\)7O[3'[+^@_M(_
M7QS;:EX




0ING[*G3Q\

-9_9/\ 'WQH


FIZ;JUK]U? /X#ZO\  #X)


M7P

M^*

M:57#8O
LPG@I8[ 9+AI:?BC]K3]KKPE\'Y=0LO/[-WCSXA_/\ :\\$?LV?
MM)^-;O4?B?\ WPG#X;\5_%?X.:9IOCCX,?!J&W^,&J:[KWB;X5_%_1;E_?

M+_A_\9= ^$GAOP7K/[$?[4VOZY\2-2O_ -FOX?\ QJO-'A_;FMOC'X?_ &3_
M  9\2;[4_%FOW?A_X57W@+Q#XZN_!/AFVN$T2[O-?M[^T^@]-_9 \07GP'\3







_P#F&?V@O_G45^JE%?
_4^./
M^BBX4_\ $

MV
^I_%[P_;^.O#$GQLTN_P#AM'\(3X;\6?%*7P=\/_TRKQKQ/\)/^$C^.7PD
M^-'_  D'V/\ X5;X(^+_ (-_X1O^R?M']N_\+6O/AE=_VE_;']I0?V9_8/\


M#A;+

MX?\ AUKG[)?[6WA_XU7_ 
0W\#W?Q


MB9_'NN^-+C6]5FUF]M3H0T*P@E@U.R[L/)U'AY8Q0I2GE^$Q&+C0:4(9E/&5
MUCL#0M2M&G#!QH3H552=&


-&-6-+'8O#X2=1R;KX&

!/%_Q<L]3TJ_^'OQ3
MUJV\!_M6_LU27^J_1M/NM1^'7ASQ.GBSPIH7C?4;;XGQZ2WQ%\%_#/Q)X'R

/P1U6Q\67WQ]\)^ _#OAJT









^F1BORE^-

(A0AB,5AJ$?=3HUJV-E3IU<5
MSJ=6A&AA:M2G@85X5?I6^_;T_9MTZ\^'<5QJ7QBDT7XH6'A*_P##/Q!L?V6?
MVI]4^#VGCQMK[^%-$TWX@?&W3/@Q=_#X2^(K?Q


(I-T\1


(/V;D\


MX)UK0/$W[.=]\6X? GB#0+CPK\



MXQ\+?%KP!\0(-

M

Y365E55OK55!VPWUBC&LZUG5C16S^EF.*5.
M'[A5

M3?LSZU\./CKXXUKPMX.^!/AW2_&=S^U#8?#;PS\(_$'C/Q3^TQK_ (WO_B'I

MM^-7Q+^

M2?V@=(^)FF^&X?A9'X@C?5M2T2_^ 6I?$O6-
H:C/Y^HZA:6_^CVDWE^=YTWEP1RRI\V_\-\_LF?\ 15__ Q?B5_\
MQU?85%?291BN$J.&G'/LDXBS+&.O*5.OE'%&69)AH89TZ2A2GA
;P?Q!5J5X


*-*=*K1HQP=.==?$?'O_  WS^R9_
MT5?_ ,L7XE?_ #'5[#\)_CY\)?CC_;__  J[Q9_PE'_+_V5_;O_ !(O$NB_



M]IAE6I4O9YOA/8UZE+$3]O3I2PU;\S?B9^UA^T?\
_B3XL_9F?X8^'?%W[07

_;B^ $^N^*_!?]O_$KQ'XH
M\!Z%XMU#5=2\)_LQ?M

KO\ M+^V/[2@_LS^P?\ A7/E_8_[
M*U#^U/[8W_:M._L_;??E!X:_X(M^$/!%_P#%R+P%XG_9N\!:?XOT+XYV/@+X



FD^%)O



TG


*\




MJ=3$^PCAGBJ]/#TH8C%SPM/]QA*N+KQJ8BMA


TGP[


&JUE.I0PM;



B?LI^+]5T?P+^RYIW

G_/^)_WQ6




'[%5[X'^-_P +?A_^Q_X1

IU0_8QLI^SM^XIYGA\-2J2J.=





OBQX?^'WP'USX__%S6_AW=
MZ)\8?#FN_'+Q%XB^
]KX8\


M0_BUIL-]X4B\4/+J]GX/O/'4.CW


?LB?$+PG\1/%'[27@?Q


MW\-_ WAOP/H'A-4XT_[0PLJCJO 4*^4O

EPTM/Q1^UI^UUX2^#\NH67A']F

MUW7O$WPK^+^BW+^$_&7[07A_3O 'BYYK^3Q7\1;#3)?#.H_3.N?&3X]Z+^VQ






M*** BBB@ HHHH **** OCOQ/\ \C+XA_[#FK?^E]Q7V)7QWXG_ .1E\0_]

M2O'AO7_ !7KLYM=$\,Z+JGB#5[E8VE:WTS1[&?4+^98DR\C16MO*ZQK\SD!
M1R17F/AGQ]\2Y0VN_$;X;^%OA_X#?0-0\1'7H_BBOB#7O#=K:01:A%!X^TX

U*SEM1?7NF
FME.44JCE)1C2A[2I.;4(0A

M/

M/$YT--+U?4HKKQ#XDU7P=8:;KGA/Q?X7UBW\5:-H5UXHOO#^N:+XFT'2-6\

M:C;FM_%I?\_(WFZY5.ZY92E&



O%EY'X1?3UT?Q)XM
M@L(O#5WJ:P:G -(L]?T?3C'

E?1^Z[2:3J


MM'Q9IOANWTN6\U'^U=1.%@L?1O!'QETCQM\0?B9\/+?0_$UCJ'PZUZ#21JUQ





MJ+:D^2II^[GR]+17S
/CQXI\*ZAK5K\7OAQIG@V#3_A5XO\ B_;GPAX^'Q#U

M^
]

XX6
M2;J? H?[;A(^U
M9A




MY&A\0^-I_#^CLMEJK?;0NCZJ;/:L_BOX(U'QUJ?PWTZ]UK4?%FB7
=GKEOI_



I).7NN:EHZ=.-:H_LPI23:G*7PJ-EJV_=


:5XFO6U
+P5KMOXB@U1-7F\X66KV,FG6[6(N)Q:R4%\3C.=MDH
MTX\TI2;]V$;\L(N32G6J4J$.:M6I4YS=<O/=./NV:UOSM*/+;XKWYO=O:E-
MVA4E[A17S=X^


MM/TS2Y([?^U+NR2_L&N4VE3I5-.6M&I*FKI2E[*I6I223:5^;#U7:_PQYG97









X2IQ^*:E'E3N@:E&K*BTU5C.K
M3=.WON5&M.A4Y5O.

CUF

744JKELJ:=*JG._*G3J)N\)6IIJ2BTU





M/^$G\-_]##H?_@VL/_DBBB@ _P$G\-_]##H?_@VL/\ Y(H_X2?PW_T,.A_^
M#:P_^2*** #_ (2?PW_T,.A_^#:P_P#DBC_A)_#?_0PZ'_X-K#_Y(HHH /\
MA)_#?_0PZ'_X-K#_ .2*/^$G\-_]##H?_@VL/_DBBB@ _P$G\-_]##H?_@V
ML/\ Y(H_X2?PW_T
.A_^#:P_^2*** #_ (2?PW_T
.A_^#:P_P#DBC_A)_#?
M_0PZ'_X-K#_Y(HHH /\ A)_#?_0PZ'_X-K#_ .2*/^$G\-_]##H?_@VL/_DB


M
^(=5;XH^ /&GQ4UO7/V?-






M/B;X1_$7P78:?J1ECN9Y/B'H?@_5%TBY\2ZQXN/A?Q#IVN_!;XZ:/XOTC2?$


M6%SK.I7
$NHW!16


MM?VOCC0K:Y^TZ;!8Z9ID&FRIJ!12E&

8P:LZ;4*L



M^D:W!XYB^(+^




MIQCI&ESJE%?#352.%A.


\
M4+9BXTZT&C#3? 7@SP.-/$JZC
M\)1X1_M

(]0DOKR35+N.<HJ(?NY8
_AQ93Z7XFC^)VIO\1[#XFM\59_$DOQ

IS34X




Z3\/)O#L5IX8L-<T





M%2K^UEJ$FYU'5EK-RKS;V7-B:KKUVHJT5[2JW-I))-OE44VCS3XR? _P1\4O


MOP

T_1]'U/4=3T2]\#P7GBOPJWA#6[)];UBWNY97U


^'WARPO+.^\(^()[2Y2^O[.\5+
ML6

M;;LDW2IT+Q2CRTJ4*=*G&'+;DY*=*G!2ARRY(J/-;0]R\-:F-+;Q$?$7Q*T/



4?\)/X
M;_Z&'0__  ;6'_R11_PD_AO_ *&'0_\ P;6'_P D444 '_3^&_^AAT/_P &
MUA_\D4?\)/X;_PAAT/_ 
&UA_\ )%%% !_PD_AO_H8=#_\ !M8?_)%'_3^
M&_\ H8=#_P#!M8?_ 1110 ?\)/X;_Z&'0__  ;6'_R11_PD_AO_ *&'0_\
MP;6'_P D444 '_3^&_^AAT/_P &UA_\D4?\)/X;_PAAT/_ 
&UA_\ )%%%
M !_PD_AO_H8=#_\ !M8?_)%'_3^&_\ H8=#_P#!M8?_ 1110 ?\)/X;_Z&
M'0__  ;6'_R11_PD_AO_ *&'0_\ P;6'_P D444 '_3^&_^AAT/_P &UA_\
MD4?\)/X;_PAAT/_ 
&UA_\ )%%% !_PD_AO_H8=#_\ !M8?_)%'_3^&_\
MH8=#_P#!M8?_ 1110 ?\)/X;_Z&'0__  ;6'_R11_PD_AO_ *&'0_\ P;6'


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#^P[3M.T]]




MM5:KJ5(QC[.DU4G?E@^9H[LLHX7$YEE^'QU9X?!5\=A*.




MU#7-2UNWT_2E)34Y[25'C7^='Q#\

^D?$']E3]HOX:_#;X;^%_A3+\4!XS\5:Y\=_''PQT/X'W^@V


I_$EC^RI^T

M
JL
;@

M\9&I1Q%3(N%

MNZ!JULMU97UN7@BN(7


6FZ;J


\OPF7U
5MXG+<LQ6-:CBZV:9;@\9AL-R\N(HSR_.
7FKRVI.=2'M(O+5

MMAWGQ*T_]G&2;X0?&'0++XD:A\(+F]L_B)81:EXD^&VCZ=X7O?#UQ87*?9/&



RS!5:

M#





M!)%(_&_M



\7?&S1_\ @C1X



TW_H'6/\ X6__P ;H_LS3?\ H'6/_@);_P#QNOY$
MO^;O[
WQ-\_&/]B'Q]#IGQ1_9^_:$\,_3XL_!?X_^/7_!)3]J/X&Z=\





?MI_LJ_'GXBW
MOP@\#^(/$.A_%FT\&Z;\1;;X7_&?X%?&K]G'XA^(?A_JE]J6F6_CGP3X+_:&





5FSS3%8:&048TUSQQU3 X2GB

M6_\ \;K^#;P;^S]^TIX4_8?_ &)OV
M7_95_:U'QV^ __!9S1OB]\1+*P_93


M$^A?\(=X_ALUOY-!^V^)?#FC:=XAVVC++_:GA6[US13GRUU$R@I7X?\ A#_@
MGIX9_:'_ .U_P#P42^*'[3/P*^+FJ_'1=/_89^(WP\97NL_'3X:?/Q;\

UT^

MX7\$?V/_ !W\)/C=_P %KO!_PI_9CO\ X0?MA_%OQE\6_%G_  3X_:.LOV9?
M$&G^!M*\

MY
VE7^K6&J6UMYU/$UWAJ.+GA:D_;\*\09]3P6'C.KBGC




M=8_^ EO_ /&Z/[


M'_!-;PYX%_X)N^-?C)\8_ G[5'[
W[9%[\//VQ?@_9?$FUT_]J+4?C9\(?AI





-'T^36M
M):SURRM8/$%]/'IFHV?V]+._-S8VVU:%.

M


:;H^I^*?



M%_P3;UK[+X+^&;_:OCEX@_M'['XKTOSOBA!YWPHB_LR?[5KEW]B\7IOA\KP+




MQ;-8Z2M]J]Q8Z==\;^S%\??@U^UW\!OAG^T;\%Y8M7^''Q4\/1Z]H4FHZ996


M^27_  16^%OQ)^!GB/\ ;A\$?M9?!;Q_9?MEQ_M ^*O%/Q5_;7\5^!/%2^!_


\SGB*6#Q6K\.9AAJF<Z]=8#S,5)T
M4N6$DZ'%.-X=JJ34G7HQP.<XNACVJ:J4Z482R!NDJ6(K4<5AL[PV(C7G&%!U
M/VF_LS3?^@=8_P#@);__ !NC^S--_P@=8_^ EO_ /&ZO45)11_LS3?^@=8_
M^ EO_P#&Z/[
TW_H'6/_ (6_P#\;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_P#@);__ !NC^S--
M_P@=8_^ EO_ /&ZO44 4?[
TW_H'6/_ (6_P#\;H_LS3?^@=8_^ EO_P#&
MZO44 4?[,TW_ *!UC_X6_\ \;H_LS3?^@=8_P#@);__ !NKU% %'^S--_Z!
MUC_X6__ ,;H_LS3?^@=8_\ @);_ /QNKU% %'^S--_Z!UC_ . EO_\ &Z/[
M,TW_ *!UC_X6_\ \;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_\ @);_ /QNC^S--_Z!UC_X6__
M ,;J]10!1_LS3?\ H'6/_@);_P#QNC^S--_Z!UC_ . EO_\ &ZO44 4?[,TW
M_H'6/_@);_\ QNC^S--_Z!UC_P EO\ _&ZO44 4?[
TW_H'6/\ X6__P ;
MH_LS3?\ H'6/_@);_P#QNKU% %'^S--_Z!UC_P EO\ _&Z/[
TW_H'6/_@)
M;_\ QNKU% %'^S--_P@=8_^ EO_ /&Z/[,TW_H'6/\ X6__P ;J]10!1_L
MS3?^@=8_^ EO_P#&Z\^O55+R[1%5$2YG5$50JJJRN%55& JJ      
#BO3Z
M\RO_ /C^O?\ K[N?_1ST =_IG_(-T_\ Z\;3_P!)XZO51TS_ )!NG_\ 7C:?
M^D\=7J BBB@ HHHH **** BBLG78==N-*O(?#.HZ3I&N.B#3]1UW1;SQ%I
M5M()8S(UYHVGZ_X7O+Y&@$L:1PZ]IS1RO'
TDB1M!*FVDW9OR5KOTNTOO:&M
M6DVE=VN[V7F[)NR\DWV3-:BOE_PO\4OB!HWA+7O'_P 2]1\
^(]#TWQQK/P[


[SQ#X3\7^&[[P'\/(?B5XAT'4AX3O-4AT.XN/&4
M$%E;3^'O%FMZ'=:O*G@G4KD0)K(L5@O=
634$N9+ZWL*M[O
FFD[/=6E[-5N
M75+FDJ

M




M[Q1X

?%_5/'

UC78/:;X\72M=^'5IX?\0Z!%IVO:OX

M35



M[5&TZSL-7FTYR]R4HRNI0^-=8RY)34)6^&K*
*G)1=JLW3JQA!RIS2.5\T8V


KZ]E\87NG#5[+3(_%











MJ=6C+2]O;T(RM*O24U=*
I/X84YUIO\ EI4ZT\/.;6Z2K4ZD%I[SIU.6ZIS:





M.;;51IRE)13





MUAM

-?N-3
M\/:'=SC6_!%LNF:WXJ6U;0M
E\.ZEXML/'^KF]74=*9]3\+^#=?T*Q74HFU'





M8V-E:0I;VMG9VD206MK;01*L4%O;P1I%##&JQQQHJ(H50*\(TC]I7X:ZW\4)






MDL5XK6?VD/!WAGPMK'B'Q;H?B+PAJ&A^

M6=JOB*Z\=K\-8;:X\



M\7PW?BFTN+DB.PUJ:;3?!
/C'5A#H6J2Q6


-)MM2MP]CJ0T;7M/;4--GN]
O&GT^]N[:9WPH^%7P\










MRWE)5G0?*X\RG%U(S4*D'*G6C3J3H2J0A)GU;17EUS\5] L;_4-&N+'7O[6T



M::?)2J2C] 45X+X=^
]CXS@^'&M0^&_B1X1T/QUKME;^%KW5[/P)'9^+8K_P
M+XN\4

M4H/]XE3J/E_=SY;Y9.48I-N3HQC;[4L17JX:BH_S*=:E*$9QO3;M[^NGTQ17





<L1*IE[


^LSZVEIH=Q



FM:U\/_&%SX7N-



AE8$$$$@@Y'%:']D:M_T]1_\ ;G_P-5ZWX8_Y%KP]_V ])_P#2




M[]@73?VB]?\ VMK3Q?J_C#3/AM:Z=XHUW7/!6@)X'^+?A+Q6GA#4- U'1O$N
MM?I+^RU\2-5^*7P





MSZ_HL/B#5--U;6M
T.75;&/6-1T?0;K1;'7-6L-

M$EKIUUKVBV]Y+#+JEBD^E]KM?^?FW_[_ $?_ 



M2E1IPIN
DXN




M]?UR]@L(#!+=7#MYHQ? O[/GB+1-7DUSQ7KGBW7!8?$#XF^-?OA&UTF/P?



M
V5W\.=/^&

M;V=-.\+6&CP:E8?V)96^@IINDV.D:?:!X)=)NU$/E?:7VNU_Y^;?_O\ 1_\

MZ;X@76_#FD3:1;010%--OE\F_MM.O]4@^P&XNM0T*TUOQ+:Z++'=P06D'BC7
M1);3R7


_-O_W^C_\
MBJ/M=K_S\V__ '^C_P#BJEI-.+5XN%:DT]4X8BHZU:+6SYZK]IK=QFHR@XN
M6H22CRI67[FWD\/25BT]TZ=!.BFFG[&4Z3OI.


ME7=GJ=XHTZ*4V\MO%J7P-UG4K;PO
?&OQ5L_%?A=/$-M#X]MK;PC)XFU73/%


M3K15HUJ:4*D9Q5BKN\7UC!PB^J@W*2BGO:$IU)4_^?4ZE2=/EE4FY?%NH?L[



$]TN#28_#LHECL=
T_3V34HHIUG%MYEG)J7/P8U/_ (3.


O$'PX\/:'J[6*67@7P-XH\A=8\.^%KC1_#NDZK
M/#/#8:-:Q:CXMU+Q3K=I:Z)IT%MJD2&^%[]S?:[7_GYM_P#O]'_\51]KM?\

)?B7%XQM_&<WCU_B1]A\'
MS^+;KQ'-X9F\%-/-I]YX#N? ,5LG@^2/P[#9V7@FT@@L[6[B5-7:YU*X^W_

;5G)M_








MLZ1XD^)-IX?O];UOQ+/\/!%H4O@T:[XCCNGUF^CFE\)/XT6*]U2^O?$#:2?&





%;.WT7_A'Y?$_@+4?-[HFNPR7GA6[\16MS+:^=%T74;*W\0
YER2]Z#4XTJ;O&5U+EIT



MVIPY2


M@T:[XCCNGUF^CFE\)/XT6*]U2^O?$#:2?&+:'%KEU)=P:7%$L-M%]@_:[7_G

&K6::#3[7[
M3)IN@V4FH72SZGJ;WVK7E[?7%'P1\'=<\%^(?%_B%O%GQ'\5/XUU/5]5TSQ

MS]HE0HKG^+EI4XWM*3OO?6].5%W2:=&7M.:DT[IPE[:JI1:::J3334F?MK



MVO\ S\V__?Z/_P*I1]Q6C_SZE175^SG6A7J1;WDZE6G2G.4^:=Z44I).:D/
MWM]6I1DGU7)K,5;:FE6JR]DK4W4FZKBZB4UXA_9&K?] O4?_ &Y_\ C5']
MD:M_T]1_P# &Y_^-5[?]KM?^?FW_P_T?\ \51]KM?^?FW_ ._T?_Q5 'B'
M]D:M_P! O4?_  !N?_C5']D:M_T]1_\ ;G_ .-5[?\ :[7_ )^;?_O]'_\






M#2C%*%+#4:=CAZ2MAL+G1HKZKAU2P\ITJ=65*56$9J9-RC
I3E&%1U5&

 _

M*SM'_P03I?_ &#K+_TFBK1K.T?_ )!.E_\ 8.LO_2:*@#1HHHH **** ,[6
M/^03JG_8.O?_ $FEK1K.UC_D$ZI_V#KW_P!)I:T: BBB@ HHHH *SK+_CYU

M.LO_ $FBK1K.T?\ Y!.E_P#8.LO_ $FBK1H **** BBB@#.LO\ CYUC_L(Q
M?^FG2ZT:SK+_ (^=8_[
7_IITNM&@ HHHH **** 
[5/^/:+_L(Z/\ ^G:R
MK1K.U3_CVB_[.C_ /IVLJT: BBB@ HHHH *SK+_CYUC_L(Q?\ IITNM&LZ




M\

M?VEV:K\;O 
LD&GV:RQZ'JX\4.K+:V^Y-GAB/5V+J9 K(H+*ZRHP#PS*FM
M#A+BO$U%1PW#'$.(JR^&E0R7



M0G[/_P +!\0^#_A7N!8,W/]LW6I_95E@

OA^^TQ+HJ5EAS:%]TV @;;MD^&O%G_!2J:?4IO#NA_MF

$LT
VEVVOP.AVJYDV+&


MH\\Y8RR#[)
(@@@4L7:79Y5/-_#ZM-4L%Q+Q/G+T_P!JR?PUXHI99*[:O1S'

M]?\ '7Q-\L+&'3+I*6=DEPJH8GZ#6/\ @ES^REXIE\_QOXQ^)'CRYW!_M7C'
MQAX+UFX\U59%E\R3P7&?
2-GC5NR.R]S7T$

MERZ+64\NSS-(NST:B^FZO=?30RO@K$895*/%V;X/$2_YA\WX0C1Y-%9RJ93Q
M)G4'9MWC%]-):GU/X[_;7_9!^&8D7QS^TS\#M NH3B32Y?B7X3O-='[LR[AH



MN''B)M4_$_)LKHM[0\

M6_$+V3(NG6*O






0[







BX-RFM&]E[M3
L1;7EE&[;
M_G_MO%O_  6UL30_B=\0T:8;U@U[]B3X8^$X87=M@A\S7?B 9TA2?=&);@

M/A0QU#\0M/U+_@N!X;



M_%^']N+_ (*6:1(\?B#]@K1=86.V@=I]$D^-^D0B4*6N9#(/A?XPMAV8X?

'_!3O\ :-L5BD\5_P#!/+QWH\


MGM

?!O[QF(62.[-C'$G[T7$

081&\
M;3KDQA\%A&9BY0

M


M%:?AD =)^


/C
TS'BWAK%RP'%GAQQ;DV*IJ



M]'




%)TJDN2




M=N]HS;MJM?

MTGQ9X9U1X55IDT[7M*O6B5R0C2K;74IC5B%+@!B!D@UJ_VQI/_ $%-._\
M VV_^.UTQG&:4H2C.+VE%J2?HU=

MR_X^=8_[,7_ *:=+I&UG1U4LVJZ:JJS

M:X_9Q\0:YXNTJV^+7A'39]'U1%EN/$NHQ^%M-O@EK;6#R:+JGB+^S-/UJ-+J

@Q6=5
32R?#YSF^ RRM



M_P#S9YK[P_U/XM_Z);B/_P 


:6&HHT@^)7@PHKR7&
MEM&C-_;6T
ZQ2

\%__+NC_AH?X ?]%R^#W_AS
M/!?_ 
NZ/]?N!?\ HM.$_P#Q(\G_ /FSS7WA_J?Q;_T2W$?_ (9
S_\ F7S7



\%_P#R[H_U^X%_Z+3A

S_P#F7S7WGJ&C_P#()TO_ +!UE_Z3

K*P*LI (
M(((!%7_^&A_@!_T7+X/?^'
\%_\ R[H_U^X%_PBTX3_ /$CR?\ ^;/-!_J?
MQ;_T2W$?_ADS/_YE\U]Y[#17CW_#0_P _PBY?![_P .9X+_ /EW1_PT/\ /



M2A7I2LGRU*56
:D)6:=I13LT]F%%%%=)@%?'?B?_ )&7Q#_V'-6_]+[BOL2O





):OKVJ:EH5[X^U
U^#3[WQ)K^N^+/%<VDW'BWQUXX\<^)

M;?3M&L?5J*U]I-1J034859T)RIQC&

5&C&&%H4*')14(2IX?

Q
+XS?)'NTI;O[/<O:CQ!9K?
M]!_PWW_P21_Z)7I/_B&?B7_YV=?2/B;_ )2F_LA?]F ?\%)/_6BO^4E?I'7

MSK]M**P_M7QB_PCF87_ ,1[/_+_ *K[R_JR.?\ MSQ\_PCPX/_ 
1?B?\



'+;5?$.LZ5H.EVX9KC
10L<<CGHQ'RSXX_;^_8@^'!FB\8_



MC\5/& Q\%_\ @F;^W?XO\SBTU#XF^ O#7P)T'4 R;X;JQU;Q;XBU-I=-N%FL
MWAOI+*$-'+=-Y0:QD23P7QOPHVXX?.\+F
D[.&3JOG4[K1QY
II8V3DGHXI7


VJR/+]ENP<
M&\^%O_!8WQSKVB6_BW]K[]CW]GZ2^LM;0I\$/@=X@^)TJ1A=+$YT^S^-MU!)
MJ<]D66^A5[JRC1K<]6XM9GBCF?%M.23P?#_ !3CDY0A%O)IY0I2J3C3A&_$


YB;RC=+'<1_:F\N_I?_  1B





M:/P8G./$+@S@#+Y-=





MK]976*?_ (03]EOX*_#1C8)L=8K=](U/43:W_F^:7U.+
DD+Q0/ 5B+2?JQH



T

3A
-Q)PQ.JJTN&^+GBN)\HA5VE6P

VQ.)Q
M638JHM*N.R/%Y9CJBTEB6F[^CEWTM_'C+LUR_-*?%V$?]F86M@
+E^%X9X9R


KA=\M
M*ECL)GT4FYXC-:--
^GS7Z1OB'XB82K@
3](7QNX(K8JG.C5R#/O$SCWB/PY
MQ


M
GCU2U?4DLYM/M[2ZFNC97
L[F:V:Y;W0?$O]N#4,&U_9F^''A_(\TKKOQF
MT_56OC;:YT.Q5?M


X_V5/$T
;@
M^




_$+A71PTI*AB^%,
MTX;QLW5Q4XXJ4L1BY5/S&T/]H#_@G?X U2R\(?MQ?\$PO _[#_B^ZN([/6O
MB#^RU\


=W!-;3Y7RP IS\ R_\$B/&EO\0&^*?PS\
_LM?^(^_;_YD
M:/\ AAK]BC_HSW]EK_Q'WX3?_




C@
WXU\/
MQ
MG&



WX\XERC!46N?'\0\&Y%PC6XIX:P/(^?ZYGN59?


M?G.45W@LPPOAYX48'

NP./48RGEN*XNXOSS@S@K#9E04D\9EM7B.&88!2IO
M&X2A[6DI_-+Z


4X3^K5JKA4Y/HJ[_P8?\ P3VC6ZOKO]EGX2VT
:S7

S?

9\39#@..^(H)[O$<&\/8OAO(J52$;

HRYLA\*.!^&\/5M?F]
MGBN(

M_@/HTZ






ZPH@9@. 6!(''2H



/7T[^TM^R+\OVLO#-KH'Q?\)[U317^T^#?B!X?N/[ ^)7P_U







MULM6TZ8^1?6=O





MT'X]?\$[@3\*/@ Y)/[


M+.6E\B/STT?@J6.5B^[,J22(YRRNX(8WO\ A?/_  3N_PB3^%/_$9;C_YA


MQ_\P]'_^?
M^=W_1)_G_B,MQ_\P]?IK11_JIX!?\ 1FX?^'?A;_Z7'DON#_B)'W_ $*O

M 


LPT^:K*I4O2P&&C[]G!R3G+\KSW'X
M?-
VQN/PE/
Z6&Q-2
Z5/.
D_P#I!;UN5A^&/^1:\/?]@/2?_2WK<H **^!OVH/VS/%

MJ'P@\

M_$+Q?K5OHG@_P .Z-+KVK:Q<I<


M0OA#\8]&T'7/$(_9]73(?!VE^%=;L+3QKXWT_P )VOC76(=-77M7_2?]GWXB


M'!9CCLIQ4KTW.









H3DG2K8W2]Y?T+3\





M3(9(59O


2\UJX5_

M4/C
TXK\).$
:\;^(^?97PC

DH8K$M2C&C@I2G&
OL*VM=.T:Q6WL[:RTK3;..

MV4]:\?R)??M'?&'QA\50SI


%5FO)((T
MFOKD@DO=7DD]S(S
TDK




KJRO;G_ (3WQ-X\UV/Q#I=W;W.GF*30$TNYL=-T

W[?CR

2#Y88_'^B)#X



3EV





5D]3%Y*G;_6#)
1A.(.'GI=)Y[D=?

KIU)1:E[&MBJ

HR2]!T?_ )!.E_\ 8.LO_2:*M&L[1_\ D$Z7_P!@ZR_])HJT:_0C


+134



M1GB
37J--\M.E34I/EBI3G*RC3IQE4G*
(RDO2=3U/3M%T^]U;6+^STK2].M
MI;S4-2U&YAL[&RM($
PT^QTJQM-,TNRM-.
MTVPMX;.QL+&WBM+*SM+=%B@MK6U@2.WMX8U6.*&)$CC10J*  *_(*M#BGQA

M%T\?^HX#


ML







+@:QX!\10Z5XML8[:2.:%[U]).FRR03&UO;B)/
M
/U17Q?^T5_P3Y_9+_:AO!XA^)OPFTFU^(=O-'=Z7\7? 4]U\/?BQI.HV_-E
MJ
'CKPI)INKZE/I[DRV-MXA?6M


/P;_:T*Z!\9;;3H(]JV'A?]H+04@M_$FN7+)$J7OQ&L;#1K
M2(2!;8RL97[?[4XCRO3.


BSNPC\S]

M
K*LUM/+&2K 

DMBLZR_X^=8_PPC%_Z:=+K1K.LO^/G
M6/\ L(Q?^FG2Z]8_/S1I 000
$$9!!Z@@]0:6B@#\POBU_P $][[PMXWU
M;X__ +!OCZ#]E[XZZ@QN_$_A.&S:[_9Z^
T@FDN9;'XE?#RYM-*O+QY943

IKU:DJ^
R
M'%1J2X9S2K.7-5J2PU%.KDN/K.[EF64P4:E23K9CEV:248K\[Q7!F
R7$U\U

YYODD%&K5D\1FN
M59S.

MK-Y'=?M1_!G14;;L\ZVT2P_%GPUI-L!]E\-W44.KQP1VFE:5::'IUK?:W+]
MY?L\_M2_ []JK0[+QK\%/'%AXFM;2QUV\1:!


CGQOXB\)_&70Y?^$FT#4)O 3W'A*)-6

:]\
_AGX(UCQE\O%7P;\3?
M._3Q&_B'0_CK\%O&_@OXN:MJ.O^-=-\


MO2/CO^U[X6U#PU\4?&OQ#\4Q?#NY\*^/?VK/#?CC3KK0+?QAX?DU'QSX0^+_





M!?\ !2-]CV\+IO7]HG_@E

M=W:WC9F9FC+
S


M=_X VW_QJM&OA_X]_P#!2#]BG]FVYFTCXF_'[P7_ 
)?'.MDGP]\%3W'Q&^(

M






MC^ ]3LH_!W[



M086K%2X6X#R?



-4P];Q!XIS[!X7Q7XDP%6FZ5:=?Q*X@HY'F

/B#\
M9?@'\+!

M_P 

+\XXRQ\I
MRJ5\)P=EU7 8O5E+GJ^UXJXLH4
VE

3%*U/%91P[E6




MCX

:96X/VDK
M_P'_P#H_PT3^SYXG^&L$/$_CGPMIMK\1OAUL4 F[NM6\/V\E_HZS+NDBL)
MK._NXT1UF82(ZC[


M.86$7*

MOS8G/^'L[Q$G:3J73YO
O GCOX1_$VR-_P /$/@SQ9 J29-'FTVXO;-25'

 ;;_XU7@/CO]D_X&^/

?#Z/$. A\7$7AACO[5DH+?$8_@K/99;G^#ZI8/



M9-Q1@(6O?

DKN

M-G6%E1S/(

L=_&D
M8:SMR$0Z9ITA5 8\*ID=W*K@;W9L;F)-_P#LC2?^@7IW_@#;?_&JRK[7=&\


M10Q685

-3]E3J8C

L7R
MRJ1H0PU+$8FCUGQ.^.5G!XEG^$GP*\&Z3\3_ (Q


^C^$-8G^(WQ*U*/XH_&+
M5H_]/\5ZM90+H_AZ-]Q.C^!=!

M\*? OP?\-0^%? 6AP:1IRL)[VY)-QJNM7Y7;+JFMZG+FZU/4)SDM-.Y6)2(+
M6.WM8XH(_1*^?R7@'
ZU3@G@BLDU2KY;



M'._LC2?^@7IW_@#;?_&J/[(TG_H%Z=_X VW_ 

MVP1C?Z4A*V=NI*2:G9QR*2(P=KQLR.O1D9E8%215_P#LC2?^@7IW_@#;?_&J
M-4_X]HO^PCH__IVLJT: 




M\5Q]X-9MPYGJ2E+
O!'C*APADN;57**JU
TX.XSX?X^RW+L3.'-.

MU&4/94^'$JSK4?C[_AZ7_P $SO\ HZ;X*_\ ?5Y_\I:/^'I?_!
[_HZ;X*_]
M]7G_ 
I:^Q/^%!? K_HBOPE_\-QX._\ E-1_PH+X%?\ 1%?A+_X;CP=_\IJK




:6)9KG1
M?-6.0Z*7C67RX_

M-IPQ&&JQSY5L-B:?O.EB
/.G6IM^[4CK?R
YP'T.^)
(L!Q!X=^.^9X2%18F




]R
M[-LTP]-]%1S:OF]3/X=KXO

RIP27)A_BYORSB;A_P 


M7S_P5*_X)G@D']J7X+ @X(+7@(/H0=%X-)_P]+_X)G?]'3?!7_OJ\_\ E+7A
MWC#_ ((]_#WPIJ]QXQ_9 ^*/B+]GGQ#OFN4\^*]T/X\_ R^E=I)Y(+CX??


M/&%F8[98[S6M4M+VST2QVW7V

D
M)\!A:::;Q






M@FE)IFG/-^U+\'!

MV)_PH+X%?]$5^$O_ (;CP=_\IJ/^%!? K_HBOPE_\-QX._\ E-3]CQS_ -#'
MA3_PS9Q_\_O7^EJO[2^BS_T1OT@/_%E^'7_TI_7^EK\=_P##TO\ X)G?]'3?
M!7_OJ\_^4M'_  ]+_P9W_1TWP5_P^KS_Y2U]B?\*^!7_ $17X2_^&X\'

M])U6[\)7?FPZ5J


MGC:0QQHA;:B@;-?18-8R.&HK'U
-5QBB_;U
'1JT
-*?
[.C2K5\35A'EY4U




M##XA_L[^#/VA/AM\




X_\%;?^DD?

?^B)XK_\  ^%?+_JJ//\ !]@_X@IP7_TD


=B\-K97MW+!:R^=




)KB0R&;SOMGX(_L<_LD?LI:<]U\&/



ZO#&65$G6P^$7UK.\

WK44

MAQJ5





3SKQY
3' XNM1H8R






'B

MC_\ IVLJT: BBB@ HHHH *SK+_CYUC_ +

M$T$3
YK72^&.=9+PYCEY*4L
MKRW(:LTN\JKJ-?%4E+WCA7O&.%26!\3<ZQ*C;ECQ#P]PGF225K1E+)LHX:K

31_P#@L3_P3\O;M-*U_P,NK_#W7656DT+XB?OXJ^
M&+VW!*1O]INI_!L^C0F&Y


6@GFA8F




S6VJ^!_B#\4?%S:%]BS?9[;1/&EKI:^=K6[[]/D

?&
MKP%XVU;2M9\#ZI)XY\7^+/B!H&IZ-:6VAV46KKK/PX\&Z
8=:\$1:##KT^F7



OB'_L.:M_Z7W% 'U1X8_Y%KP]_P!@




MVF0Z!-XI6SUE]5\2_'G_ ()E:GX;TT6HOX[L7NNZ9X2\4WVE6! EU*WT'4)[

KSQK\3/ _




7ND1X7;J^IW.AV\Y;]PLB@
?N32-9TCQ!I



'++PEX%
M\/Z=X;TP'[FQT^'9YLS*BRWE[<.7N=0UX(;G4+Z:XO+EE4S3.0
?C_P#;
M?%_BE^ZX/J9AP/P!5LJ_'.*P?U?BSBC#2^*/ F49C0E_8F5UX74.


M*4G5X=R.I0K8+B.G^E_V5PWX?_O.)88/BOC&&M+A+#XGVW#O#]9?#+B[
L%5


CJR

JRE215_\ LNV_YZZC


MQJW_ 



M/_@XU;_Y-K1HH Y_4=-MTMXR)+\DW^E)\VJZHXQ)J=FC$*]XRA@K$HX&^-]L

M_P#!QJW_ 

M7;?\]=1_\'&K?_)M:-% &=_9=M_SUU'_ 



M=1_\'&K?_)M']EVW_/74?_!QJW_R;6C10!G?V7;?\]=1_P#!QJW_ 
FT?V7;



MO)*_).-SMM7KA5 $-6M1_YNI_]?%O_ .FZQJK0 4444 %?'?B?_D9?$/\




ME11EH5RR]JJ'++V\H4:D:-G[64

DK5.67(Y69W]%?$5W_
M 
%$/V6;/X?Z5\17USXQSV6L?%J7X%6_@/3OV4?VL-5^/5I\6H? NJ?%!_!.






MK\875YM++9?V1I/G?8+J4 F)=8N--C?M+R
ZUO%;_B%V6U\QS#C3!\*Y%6G&


M-YU:L8)M?

^%_P!J'P7:X$GCOX 7A\/_ !'AM%:
&ZU?


3E4+LK 4/^$L_:
MW^
,F(\0L+4I\$^M7!XNLXQH^(V;X
MO


MPI
;2/K^MQVEUK#VD@


TP& Q




MZT: BBB@ HHHH SM4_X]HO^PCH__IVLJT:SM4_X]HO^PCH__IVLJT: BBB
M@ HHHH *SK+_ (^=8_[,7_IITNM&LZR_P/G6/^PC%_Z:=+H T:*** BBB
M@ K.E_YUE_V#M4_]*='K1K.E_YUE_V#M4_]*='H T:*** BBB@ HHHH S
MM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_P#2:*M&L[1_^03I?_8.LO\ TFBK1H **** BBB@#@=1_Y
MNI_]?%O_ .FZQJK5K4?^0KJ?_7Q;_P#INL:JT %%%% !7QWXG_Y&7Q#_ -AS

M\





M)2AA*L73]@\/0IREAZ;A0AB)T9-XC$5ZUJRWKXBMB
30Q-2;YL-&*I4XI0@I

RQ&(J86C[.A7Q2I

MM+LH!_PT/_P2I(CDNM2A2T7S K.%/[US#B
X$BM[AJ'[5;^+KJYT3]G3P;X_

]?T6WADDA9MZVUO:B*^CCD^RZ@ 8Y&
M^*_C;^S]:?%'_@KQ^QQKGBO7K35_#UE^Q1^W'KT/@G6/#%KJ^A26'@GXZ?\


IJ3H4*D



X3BIPG%Z.
HR3C)-:---
^7/%G[%O[+_C?S6\2?!/X:W5Q
6
U_
M8^ _!FAZK

'/Z&45]=
M@/$'CO+*7L

, _M;?M'^'A_Q<+]A;]HC36C+X'PW

/#;@^JW

MQ49



ME).G.A)1U13$$C




MAHFGI RAYE99F^C?@O\ M:?L^_'[_1/AM\2-%O\ Q'%YJ7O@C6#-X:\=Z=/;


MID#]!6=+_P A:R_[!VJ?^E.CT 'V*Y_Z#&H_]^M)_P#E71]BN?\ H
:C_P!^
MM)_^5=:-% &=]BN?^@QJ/_?K2?\ Y5T?8KG_ *#&H_\ ?K2?_E76C10!G?8K
MG_H


MJZ/L5S_T&-1_[]:3_P#*NM&B@#.^Q7/_ $&-1_[]:3_\JZ/L5S_T&-1_[]:3
M_P#*NM&B@#.^Q7/_ $&-1_[]:3_\JZ/L5S_T&-1_[]:3_P#*NM&B@#G]*L[A
MM
W:-'
MJ.HH\TEPRW$.9I1$)'SI]D1N$$4,0V@A1MB7Y5&[<V6,-6M1_P0KJ?_ %\6




J
9PE53DG3C.+G923=*$W.%-1DYU(QE3@HMSJ1G4G2A*$;7E&=6E4I





M_!23_P!:*_X)25^D=2
**** BBB@ K.T?\ Y!.E_P#8.LO_ $FBK1K.T?\
MY!.E_P#8.LO_ $FBH T:*** BBB@#.UC_D$ZI_V#KW_ -)I:T:SM8_Y!.J?
M]@Z]_P#2:6M&@ HHHH **** LZR_P/G6/^PC%_Z:=+K1K.LO\ CYUC_L(Q
M?^FG2Z -&OG+XT?LE_L^_'[_ $OXD_#?1;_Q'%Y3V7C?1Q-X:\=Z=/;%'LKB

L?E./HW
M]EC



MEUCX:ZQ= #RSXD^&&NW
FB:C:QF.$1Z=976E:9&$WFPDEPZ\9??M$_M2_LOZ

65[-8K:ZY\0OAM/937T$'VU;*
MUU2_T&/3]'T];D)9?VMJ!L[+4KCP1EN?._ O$F&SK%33=/AK.J



^J4:-3$+].

MB5"KQN1G*G# @;-?GE2G4HU*E*K3G2JTIRIU:52,H5*=2$G&=.I24H3A)
M.

MG%N
HM2BVFF%%%%0:!1110!G:/\ \@G2_P#L'67_ *315HUG:/\ \@G2_P#L
M'67_ *315HT %%%% !1110!G67_'SK'_ &$8O_33I=:-9UE_Q\ZQ_P!A&+_T
MTZ76C0 4444 %%%% &=JG_'M%_V$='_].UE6C6=JG_'M%_V$='_].UE6C0 4
M444 %%%% !6=9?\ 'SK'_81B_P#33I=:-9UE_P ?.L?]A&+_ --.ET :-%%%
M !1110 5G2_\A:R_[!VJ?^E.CUHUG2_\A:R_[!VJ?^E.CT :-%%% !1110 4
M444 9VC_ /()TO\ [!UE_PDT5:-9VC_ /()TO\ [!UE_PDT5:- !1110 4




76VKU7B
72

MO@'1?&?AG1]$_:'O_?[3/Q#^$_@_P#X*+6/QS\:?$3Q]^S1\5M!_:V^/G@


5JW_ #^Z=_X*

7_ *:=+H /*U;_ )_=._\

+PF:*6&99ODZFLZ7_D+6







M'4]GB

M-.

M3[1JNV\L POXQ(6TVX8
_P#9FG$
@&JJ47RRBE6:0EU9]X#B-+_E:M_S^Z=_
5JW_ #^Z
M=_X*[G_Y<5HT4 9WE:M_S^Z=_P"NY_^7%'E:M_S^Z=_X*[G_P7%:-% '/Z
MC'J@MX]]Y8

M]T[_ 


ME:M_S^Z=_PNY_^7%:-% &=Y6K?\_NG?^NY_\ EQ1Y6K?\_NG?^NY_P#E

&\L/

MJ2S



M_+BM&B@#.\K5O^?W3O\ P5W/_P N*/*U;_G]T[_P5W/_ 
N*T:* //;L3+J.


MWNG:+HU@DLL4;7FHWMM;K))&AD#.H
RE&%&6(E*

ZM*I3BX






MQ*/%UC (S_PAOQ/TJ**6+Q)X9OXX8[(W%S:WE[ID0@=8-2LK1=(F3]G/]J__
M (6/K^H?!3XS^&O^%/\ [3?A&V+^)/AUJ$W_ !*O%EE K?\ %9?#'59)9H/$


M]ISQ[\
O'6E?LV_MEQ:?X?\ B+J#_8OA9\:[&'[%\-?CK9Q.D%NB7CI#9^&O

]_HUIJ_Z&U\]Q%PUF7#6+I8?'*A7PV+HK%Y5




M %=3_Z^+?\ ]-UC56K6H_\ (5U/_KXM_P#TW6-5: BBB@ KX[\3_\ (R^(





15IXF%.

MJ?)3]JZ65Y3D^M50=3DE@\BRV485'6='%/
*M&=.GCO84/P






7&$L%/!81SP


M SO-U;_GRT[_ 

TX1V=@T8L+

MBNRB1PIR [ ;CT%9VC_ /()TO\ [!UE_PDT5 !YNK?\^6G?^#2Y_\ E/1Y


M_P IZT:* 

TX!




MCC








MP\\;_J_C




CS=6_Y\M.
M_P#!I<__ GK1HH SO-U;_GRT[_P:7/_ 
IZH22:I_:=F39V'F?8-1J-1N








MRE-_9_[, _X*2?^M%?\$I*_2.@ HHHH **** L[1_^03I?_8.LO_2:*M&L
M[1_^03I?_8.LO_2:*@#1HHHH **** 
[6/\ D$ZI_P!@Z]_])I:T:SM8_P0
M3JG_ &#KW_TFEK1H **** BBB@ K.LO^/G6/^PC%_Z:=+K1K.LO^/G6/^PC

M2G1Z -&BBB@ HHHH **** 

M37[?4K)Y6:=]/2]LH!
$

0
ME#/9Y7Q;3T4_];
GR[/

7_IITNEU32=*UNSE
MT[6M
T_5]/FXFL=4LK:_LY1@KB6UNXY8)/E9A\Z'AB.A-#S_ (#QSOF/ -?+


+X-S#@&
)QC[JQ$L'7=[3J4:SO&7F_@KX\_!'XD




M8==&H6O\8@EOHR)ECD\W;O[.\.

GSOZ


4$8!NK[X*_&



MC2.\1EY9XXZT_\ AY5\!O\ H3?V@_\ PQ_C'_XQ3_XA;X@22G0X7S#&T9-J
M&)RUX;-,'4:Y;^RQF75\5A:ME.+O3K25I)WLQ?\ $:OR
G3Q/&F59=7BHRG
M@\XCC

M .&/\8__ !BC_AY5\!O^A-_:#_\ #'^
?_C%+_B%GB+_ -$;G_\ X05?+R\T


?_C%'_#RK

MNP_X*6_ 5KO6U'@W]H'*:E#M^OBJ0\Z1I9^=(5DD@;TBN4@F9-LRQM!+#+




M@-_T)O[0?_AC_&/_ 
8H_P'E7P&_PA-_:#_P##'^


M^



\0^'-

NV6)I(7CD?M:^&KT:V&K5

X3BXRB]4TTS]*P^(H8O#T
7A:M.O
MAL51I8C#UZ4E.E6H5H1J4:M.:NI4ZE.49PDM)1::T84445D;!1110!P.H_\


_@S


M*CB*/LH0C5J9?[)4W-6H9=E6%RN@L7*I*K6S#&4J.$IT:&8XBM]9C@5'#8EX


V@Z_JT=B&F^C*Y4FZ5&O9^RQ
M$:TZ


M_!4+_HS+]@G_ 
64_M__2HZ^TJ*1)\6_P#Y/\ @J%_T9E^P3_XLI_:%_\
MI4='_Y/^H7_1F7[!/_ (LI_:%_^E1U]I44 ?%O_Y/^H7_1F7[!/_ (LI

M=046XBDT?@M\2_&?Q0\.ZCK'C?\ 9W^


JD:



MX*A?]&9?L$_^+*?VA?\ Z5'1_P +D_X*A?\ 1F7[!/\ XLI_:%_^E1U]I44
M?$6H?&#_ (*@36%]W[&O[!2++:7,;./^D_[0KE \+J6'_ ()2H'*@YET


M\4_$GPC#H7Q*T73O#OC&TU+X7?$?Q5\

M%=3_ +(N;%M8T[1]5:\TFRJ



DZG+=PA)U&E$

M\%0O^C

MHH$?%O\ PN3_ (*A?]&9?L$_^+*?VA?_ *5'1_PN3_@J%_T9E^P3_P+*?VA
M?_I4=?:5% 'Q;_PN3_@J%_T9E^P3_P+*?VA?_I4=5'^
'_!4 W]M-_PQK^P
M4&2TOHPG_#R?]H4AA+-I[



%8!@K


MX7)_P5_Z,R_8)_\64_M_\ TJ.OM*BD6?%O_Y/^H7_1F7[!/_ (LI_:%_


MC5S_ 

R_8)_P#%





M:5.:3M4I5%&K2FI4ZL(5(2BJG&5.K5H33C5HRIJI!K;VUEBJ,D_AG3K8:O0
MQ%&K!RIUJ%:G5ISE3G&3^+?^%R?\%0O^C,OV?\ Q93^T+_]*CH_X7)_P5_
MZ,R_8)_\64_M_\ TJ.OM*BD2?%O_Y/^H7_1F7[!/_ (LI_:%_^E1T?\+D
M_PH7_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_PE1U]I44 ?$5]\8/\ @J!+BM^QK^P4@%YI\F1
M_P %)_VA7)

M *

M7)_P5_Z,R_8)_\ %E/[0O\ ]*CJI;?&#_@J DVH,/V-?VF
UXDC _\%)_V



OV?_%E/
M[0O_ -*CH_X7)_P5_Z

M
OV?_%E/[0O_P!*CH_X7)_P5_Z
R_8)_\ %E/[0O\ ]*CK[2HH ^+?^%R?
M\%0O^C



R_8)_\ %E/[0O\





 /#.I^*M7L= M=6U/1=*N=:N]/TJX@TN#4M9TFPFO
M9(([S4K&W:2YB4GRIRM)V3=H1E.3LKVC"E.<GTC&,I2=E%-M(UH4*N)KT<-
M0@ZM?$5:=C3C;FJ5:LU3IPC=I7G.2BKM*[U9'\)-?\ C=XE\/ZEJGQ^^'7P


M_DL[&WM9H-?U)[R:Q]3KXY^$W[7DGCGX@Z)\





U'5M/AMM3


(SINFI
J6JTO8R7N?O&^6\92G)T)T:

M[SPX?VAO&V@_\%&_#WPSU*/7]7A^%F/VNOB=^T;XJ^#'B7XD0#P?+X@N/%OP

MG496UC[2E4H5+?XZ-:K3?93;5I*
EVX7






ME:I.G-Q:T:C5A.G)K2
X2@[2BTO.HT%AL/2HTXR5'#4:-.+E=\M*+IX:DY3:




\:?$*WM8W\



DG=QDX2C-*6SY91E

WB^P\!ZEK&N^#?#







MU5KM7T35KIO16NFK]KIJ_1B[OHDV^R45=M]DDFV^B39\?_ ;X8_'T?M#_'3]

H?'7BCQGXS^
^(M-\/\ B30-=U'PAJMK

M^OZ+K



HM_F+^U#_P3
M]\;_ +6_Q9^)_B?Q7^U-\8_@?\./$'[/[?LX^%?!OP(M?@-JMQJ_@[QI=W_B



M

MHX/#WG&+4:DU0P&#HQJ5(RJ0IT(PA*
7)2**Q?$GB3P[X-\/:[XN\7Z]HOA7
MPIX7T?4O$/B;Q/XDU2QT/P]X=\/Z+9S:CK&N:[K6ISVNFZ1H^DZ?;7%_J6IZ


9B(0IXMXBAAJD


M=.

MOZ;+XAF\4VWP+\%? /X(?!#X8Z#\4YO$$+/??$W0-^$Z:3XEU_3M5UJR\7
MUL_%\UUI^JZ]J6@Z1^@]%%;5:]:O[!UJE2M.A@\!@O;59SJUZU/+\%A\!1JX



M?6]DD\MIIM].D=M+]!T4GS6?+*4)6?+.*BY0?245.
X.47JE.$HW7O1DKI]&




M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


M?@C^P:^@_!FXC_:A_9V^)VE?S_A?'[2$5EK/@*^_:4\0#X4IXQ^.FH/XO\
MA/\ $[PQ\+/A\_[-9E^(GAS6+/QG;ZR[P)\3OVI=6\?_/QGK7[5/QU3PI


M&G/%*K54Y4LPPF%PLE*
Y5'*K!T*^

?&Z[_X
M)=?\$H_VA_'6B:)H&B)8_%+3K7XJ_M@^/_C5\.-*TK4]/UB/0;OXD^#AXPT#

MY7$-S&3FN[%YE7JT
;.A1H+




M^M?ML_'7PGX^^)=AXA^&/@NX^&6I)\;M(^!OP&\8_$#QW\9OAS\7OAS\-_A1
MX%_9TL?@9XD\8^-?%7PK^*-AX/\ A
^I^


M\$^



GQ==UJ*A4DJN



.IO+IOQ TB2



M]9Q.!GB
;^+/QJ_:Z^(GAK5_COH?CG]H^U_9B^#VF?MR_##X(:S^TU-I'P@T

+==UOQ3XJ\0ZEJ6O\ B+6-
M3UC4+V]GY5*FZ%5<DZ&)C0I8?#5Z%6IS<W^I]7AO$8ZI4;C6HUJN/J/-:V#P
MTXX/'*I7I8[VN(Q&(QE5PQ3I4\OA3I4Y2P^&I4\;7GG&IB:L
'F^KN,84^
M25'&K'X/%U88GVU2ABLMI.A52G%TO(_V+OBAXN^-O[(/[+OQC\?3V%WXY^*?
M[/WPA^('C&[TNP32]-N_$_B[P%H6NZ[=6.F1R2Q:?:W&IWUS-!912-%:QNL$
M1\M% _&3_@KG\4?O@O]K/\ 9SC\7?'+0=:L=%TK2]9L?V2M(_X*!?'S]@;X

MA7H?B_1-
_:8^(%_IO\ 1I7/ZUX5T'Q#J'A75-8L/ME_X)U^;Q1X8G^U7MO_
M &9KMQX


,O _@+PL_PIUG4/'UIXJT*UUVP
MC_H'\/\ ACPUX2LKG3/OA[0_#.G7NM^(?$MYI_A_2;#1;*[\1^+M=U'Q1XL


M7KUZE;#XG!SIN=;X2_;]^

M  4ZU+Q+^W5\=OCK\ /V=_#/C37_  Q^V%\3;[X7:/??&3Q#^PI^U=^S3:ZG
*/ZIJ*XX\T:&)I7]Z



GQ \*JO[.
M7@IX])\-VUGH


:'MZN;RCR*F_JU'

LGB

14HXSX3%XJ%)
M8B#PV85\!BI5,3+*XK%?S_!/]O;]M/Q-\)?VX?B'XO_ &FOV;Y_B+X%_8F_
M:9^
TW[//ACXS_#SXL?'C]CSX^_#6PDE\/\ AKQ!\ =-_86^ 6N?!?PSX)UJ
MZUKPQXJ\'_M



%@J#
M2BHU*635

MS_;-\(?LR6WC?_@EA=_%/P;;_*Z^#,'@?\ ;J^.OC_P'\3[#XL?OX?ZY^T

LVF

_: 7PO
MYXD'6?%RVGE2]\S[IKS[0/A9X&\



NAF

M_P!E;X-^.-;^&_Q(^*7_  CGC3PY_9O]LZ-_PA'Q&U?['_;&D:?KVG?\3'0?


Q&$\0
BP6%KXJ-.*Q%;#8.MX:8^KA










9

=1\(R1:?I6K?&GX


?LB?$+PG\1/%'[27@?


M:W\-_ WAOP/H'A-4XT_[0PLJCJO 4*^4O

EPTM/Q1^UI^UUX2^#\NH67A']


$]!E^/&C?$2P\/WOPGTGQQIEGXZ/AV[^!4OQ-U+5H5TC6?C-J
M/A22XTXNA)0Q.7?64JRE#+XYGB(1C&E2Q=7#<*0SK'X2A%4*5:A2Q.$XCJY


ME+!UORK_ .'VG_!
7_HYG_S#/[07_P ZBC_A]I_P3%_Z.9_\PS^T%_\ .HK]

WX_P#_ (TKX=?_ %)Y\J_L


_L


MC



M:^(UC\0=6T3X4^#OV9XOVC?AK^ROK7PLU3P3XTU/]H.#QK\1_ O@AH_'TGQ6
MB^)NE^!]'T[PY\;/B'I7PSU/X8S? K5;^X\/:!J_CN/XFVYU&S\.6'K?[7/[
M+W[0/Q_^(OP2\5_#7X\?!7P5X'^#M_=^

M 


).

MR[B'^R
 ?AGX1





M]1_5JTOK6
^MRQ



M3?\ ^CC/_
0_'?\ ^=?1_P /D/\ @F__ -'&?^8A^.__ 
Z^OTXHKY_ZCXA_

MXKQ_#:..TN]+\


?LOZ#^TC\!?'-







ML%G]+

[G]J&P^&WAGX1^(/&?BG]IC

VA^-



M7^T]3L]'LO\ 0M'L]0U&?S]1UTM_P#1[2;R_.\Z;RX(Y94^;?\ AOG]DS_H
MJ_\ Y8OQ*_\ F.K[HKZ3*
5PE1PTXY]DG$698QUY2IU\HXHRS)
-##.G24*




MC+
'X:\/XG$^TPRK4J7L\WPGL:]2EB)^WITI8:M^9OQ
_:P_:/\ AG\2?%G[
M


M0^%/C_XK\-ZA!J-MJ7PU^ _B_P+7CW2KO2]:TFXTNZU#P[K8M/7O$_PD_X2
M/XY?3XT?\)!]C_X5;X(^+_@W_A&_PR?M']N_\ UKSX97?]I?VQ_:4']F?

:K_P(;^![OXF)I!^
M^M_ [3_C3::;)\/=.U3QI%XLOO 5MX0E\-:1K.L1Z\UEH^IRVFQ^V1XX_:8^
M&?@+Q#\3?@OXT_9G^'7@3X6?#OQQ\2/B)KWQ_P#!WQ&^(5QXDG\+6:EIG@3
M0M+\$_$CX/6'P^L-8L[?4C?_ !5U/Q)\1[K1[XZ=IUC\&O$(N);V+Y
_9A_X

MZXFG&:P].A7KT)U9-U
7%&M' /ZE[2G6GA:W)'&SPV-A*5+MU
'CL2\'@\
MPA_9#S'$5
L-*HWB'B:=)TX4I.G1YZM.6
DL56MAEB*


MX


MPW'URI]:FX8]1_MJCQ?BOK-&I4QE#(,;0P^74Z&+IX#+L$L)LL77C7Q$88






M(?\ \R5?6%%?EN/RKQFJ8_&U
KX]\

ML;F.'\;




M\&\+?V;6P\7B9.M5CF
IU:F&JT%A9867UC\WO 7[?VA^)=&U[]H+Q%IOB/1/


M-2^
4FB_%P\)7_AGX@V/[+/[4^J?![3QXVU]_FB:;\0/C;IGP8N_A!\)?$




MV=OW%/

M?Y:O[:
YNC.%9SP&


M[Q)/#S:D+;3_ (@^&7_!/K]I;PG\'_$?P^\:?M5? SQ5\0;CXG^ ?VAM ^.W



52CBZ6(I97EV#QJPF.S_$TRHJTL#7]E*E2
MQ\WCHX!R3E3P=91G++



3_  D_X2/XY?3XT?\)!]C_P%6^/B_X-_P$
M;_LG[1_;O_UKSX97?\ :7]L?VE!_9G]@_\ N?+^Q_V5J']J?VQO^U:=_9^


JL
M)U*
'O\ L!Z3_PD%O6Y0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%8?B;Q%I7A#PWK_BO79S:Z)X9T75/$&KW*QM
M*UOIFCV




HZ;/:WT\1?/25:.M-WY9).\N5M2Y8_%+DDN6?+%\DG&,K2E%
M,E[DW3EI-<MU_+S)N*DUI&4E&346U)\E33]W/EZ6BOF8?'CQ3X5U#6K7XO?#
MC3/!L&G_  J\7_%^W/A#Q\/B'J%IX<\#2Z4FNZ9XLL)?/@^#0O$
BZU9+H\

@GU#H?#'Q8\979\8Z-XK^%XM_'?A7PYX6\96W

9]=L=(%GXA\9Z9\*-'LO$%OJ7A;Q#;ZOI6HR6^EVT%K9

PF'XE_%%?A]X


O.OZ;HNDWVLZ;_8WCRY\&^&VNK?6;*UA)OX_SV]H]PWV==


)3J8:E&+=3%QC



U9_%
M?P1J/CK4_AOIU[K6H^+-$N8[/7+?3_!OC.^T70KFX\/V'BBSBUWQ;:^'Y?.
MBG4=$U*TNM*.J:Y:+JLS3:?IK76I6EY:05RRYG#EESIUDX\KYD\/)0KIQM=.




MJV4\6O&W_X1]AJE;$'QN^',ND^)-9GU'7](M_/A[3O%7B&R\2^ O'_ (5\





MDU[LFFF^WHKQK4?C[\
]'M=&N]6O/%VF1ZS92:H8;_X7?%&TOO#NCQ:A+I?]



M:A#I&J^)+/5);?4=




M%48NHI57+94TZ55.=^5.G43=X2M334E%IJ3J.DHM6DZL53DZ:6[J*-:E)P^)



 016Q_PD_AO_ *&'
M0_\ P;6'_P D444 '_3^&_^AAT/_P &UA_\D4?\)/X;_PAAT/_ 
&UA_\
M)%%% !_PD_AO_H8=#_\ !M8?_)%'_3^&_\ H8=#_P#!M8?_ 1110 ?\)/X
M;_Z&'0__  ;6'_R11_PD_AO_ *&'0_\ P;6'_P D444 '_3^&_^AAT/_P &
MUA_\D4?\)/X;_PAAT/_ 
&UA_\ )%%% !_PD_AO_H8=#_\ !M8?_)%'_3^
M&_\ H8=#_P#!M8?_ 1110 ?\)/X;_Z&'0__  ;6'_R11_PD_AO_ *&'0_\
MP;6'_P D444 '_3^&_^AAT/_P &UA_\D4?\)/X;_PAAT/_ 
&UA_\ )%%%
M !_PD_AO_H8=#_\ !M8?_)%'_3^&_\ H8=#_P#!M8?_ 1110 ?\)/X;_Z&
M'0__  ;6'_R11_PD_AO_ *&'0_\ P;6'_P D444 '_3^&_^AAT/_P &UA_\
MD4?\)/X;_PAAT/_ 
&UA_\ )%%% &#XI?P/XQ\





M\17?P]GM;PZBVIJ\










M-QYZB565ZGO#C*4'2E&33HU57IN[]VM'VG+4_O3@JU2


MC
?=5.
=(TN=4HKX::J1PL)QA':
7'!X:T4N6+IMQ2=2JY_







6.G);V
M;<'\7?$?X8^-__@RQ^&_P )/$-AXE3Q=\ M ^ WCC7[W2?AY-X=BM/#%AKF

M]0M_'













MX

:6WB(^(OB5H?BA




.A
M_P#@VL/_ )(H_P$G\-_]##H?_@VL/\ Y(HHH /^$G\-_P#0PZ'_ .#:P_\
MDBC_ (2?PW_T,.A_^#:P_P#DBBB@ _X2?PW_ -##H?\ X-K#_P2*/\ A)_#
M?_0PZ'_X-K#_ .2*** #_A)_#?\ T
.A_P#@VL/_ )(H_P$G\-_]##H?_@V
ML/\ Y(HHH /^$G\-_P#0PZ'_ .#:P_\ DBC_ (2?PW_T,.A_^#:P_P#DBBB@
M _X2?PW_ -##H?\ X-K#_P2*/\ A)_#?_0PZ'_X-K#_ .2*** #_A)_#?\
MT
.A_P#@VL/_ )(H_P$G\-_]##H?_@VL/\ Y(HHH /^$G\-_P#0PZ'_ .#:
MP_\ DBC_ (2?PW_T,.A_^#:P_P#DBBB@ _X2?PW_ -##H?\ X-K#_P2*/\
MA)_#?_0PZ'_X-K#_ .2*** #_A)_#?\ T
.A_P#@VL/_ )(H_P$G\-_]##H
M?_@VL/\ Y(HHH /^$G\-_P#0PZ'_ .#:P_\ DBOE3Q%+'/X@UV:&1)H9M9U.
?6*6)UDBEBDO9WCDCD0E'1U(9'4E64@J2#110!__V0$!
end








begin 644 tenders20152011a01.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

PLW=[.U9W:U@9F9H$+,S%69B222223D\U<_LS3?^@=8_P#@);__ !NC






-0^

M\(7XLF_M+X;:7JNI:)?^(_\ A+K?PS+X$L_(U32-1MO['O\ Q/:Z]+]G\Z'2






9B(9
M3C
;1IQGB


+

_#;QAXAM?BGX@^&


'[#OPJ'QL_:C\:6/PP^&)\2Z1X0'B;_

RPD5]9]O3X0IYSB<O<*

PUKQ#I-E'J?A'P]K^

MXH:O_P $[OVW_CI^SC^V;\?/B/I?@75[CX1Z%J?P



MEBOKDE7IY1@


)E%')IXB
IULHQ%?



M\._ME^
_$W[5_P +_BGX

+?%%U<^_AE8^



5C_!O]I;]G+]H#QU\=OAK\(O%=CXM\;?

\5Z#_P (5XUNH;VX@T7^T?$WAG1=)\1^9#IUX_\ :/A*


M.SI)4
[G4G[*IEG$/$N%PU+DO7QF49)EW'F/P-2

MC
J-;#Q5*M3PE?\ M[_LS3?^@=8_^ EO_P#&Z/[

;&%6[Q=.HLLS'


MAW\0O$






M/ /-OJ%&FI4Y8R.73X


M1X%^


M^*OP'^
'_!NS\2? '[


M2-&#S&&!E5Y:=7


M$DPO@#^V+^RY^TSXV^)?PQ^%'B+5S\4?@[#X;NOB;\+/B9\&/BY\!_BCX0T_

M^$_Q7^

_#KQ)\4O&^A^&M!N_$
M
^
-0NK?P_'+%=233^'=4L%N&M8+NSNEN%M9_A.T^#/QZ\1_

TW
M_H'6/_@);_\ QNOY/=&_X)H?&?X=?\$--2UK]CGX;_%_X7_\%%/CA^RM^SQX






MC







+6Q


MKRIU.2OC'B\/MB9U\'AI8:&%HTLPK2PF'QJI87[X_:?_
M .@7[(/[&NH0V7[1^I?$[X?V5U?^'M(LO%]K^R;^U'X[^&NH:]XK$W_  CW
MAK3/BM\.?@CXN^&FI^*]3:WFBA\*V'BRX\1)/&T$^F13#RZ^E/A/\1O GQG\
%_@]\
?

MFBDU35I[=+P26-KNXB5U)XC_@M%\'_VF?B'\:_V?%7AKPD/BI^QCX(\;_$
M9/VF/AC??LU^/?VTO!2^+?$7ARVTKX2?$+XK_L??WQOX^(7Q[\#^$-1DU2


MIXI\5?';X=?LZ?#'Q-XRU^PT?XE:MJ7@^#PIXJEUZST.[CM]'TOQ7KE#]IO]

M0[70]'L_VF/#O[/]MI^GZ1X%\1^+_$7@Z7Q#IWC;1_ $5]XG\4
EWX5$-UKN

\)_\ KSX$D\7GP6NDKK7_4_\)6?%HU13<&P/@H:/_9_[T:\;G_1:^R_
M[,TW_H'6/_@);_\ QNOXX?#O[,'CVZ_X*#_'SQ7_ ,$Q_P!ECXM_LH^%]6_X
M(V^-OA#\*_B!K_[(/Q=_8Y\*6G[5LWBBREM+*]UOXG_CX7Z9/\ %:^L5T1_
M^$^D.IF\OK&/6AKVIP:!=SVOH?\ P3$_9K\;?#[X]?L&?$36M ^+7P.^
WA/


M6-K5)NU?&5

ME^VG*C6Q$8).V%J1PTY2BL/3AD7#688^EB

M0_#3Q[XY\2W]EJGPA_9CM]0O=FL73PZ5XQT.U^&OPLM?&'C'55&HZ-?3ZUK$

U*$?;45/$Y?F692PU2I%Q^K










TW_H'6/_@)
M;_\ QNOY$/!W[.?Q[\;?M._%OXE?\$K_ (
?%G]E;P;JG_!);4OAIXW^)'C/



%@^*


M/PT*E+DKSPO]$/[8/[:'P4_8HD_9VC^*G@WQMK[?M

M)ZJ-)\=_$%;]]&U;Q=_PD?BGPH;#PE;#3I_[3O\ 1AKVL0EHOLF@WNYRGV7_






!+
M?_XW1_9FF_\ 0.L?_ 2W_P#C=7J* */]F:;_ - ZQ_\  2W_ /C=']F:;_T#


E];V%6]WF332=GNK2]FJW+JES25

M7















+W3AJ]EID?BF#XA/\


M*/LU*_M::6M2*:3O*





^DWLS^(/]_JV@RWOB2VL&MM6U7
MP;K-S)#=23ZSI7V*ZHBN;DY;-3IPJ-IIJ'/ETLSC;5US_5E9\G-%5)03ERR




M*O.
U2]NX.-URRC27/44K*C&\JSII-JN5\T(NR=3FY.9V4U!R3E%O246X34'
M&ZJNG45+G=.:C[Q17S_X&^
%M;?#+X.:Y\0+RZ_M7QU\.(_$M_KSVVF6U@^J

1




)_'5SI7AQ(=/UV/Q0D]AX2\+S



?'G@^Q












M\9]?CU37-!@N1K?@B9+K7_#5I=WFN:1_PC5IXNN?B'IKV*:;JL8U;7/!.D^'

MO%:S^TAX.\


X?$%UIOAKPI/X)GU2ULO
M=^-(\47]]K.J^,])\FPT76I;32&O=.\8:C;:Q=7UI-X;DUK3WDO8ZD_[17A

8-R5_H&BOFL_&


M!?:2A*






OAS';:1I\GC.ZL;*^U.^U




MJRA*3ME2HJ'L
/3IQHIM4*%)14()4ZGU91I1IIP=*
:2Y6ST#4K



-/'
MUU=^)/B/\










M




M]E7XP^(_C+\&[?Q3X\@\/VGCGPQ\0_C-\&O'=WX7LK_1?&N^-?@)\8?'7P4
M\3^+/6B:SK?B36/#OACQEK/@*\\5:!X8UCQ+XEU;PSIFL6WA_4/$WB2ZTV7
M7=1ZIX:K3^L\ZBOJN(CAVU.





M=*36=UM'XDL=;M]*T6#3?O'[7:_\_-O_ -_H_P#XJC[7:_\ /S;_ /?Z/_XJ

M*;2V4E.*DY?%-WYW+FE?XQU+X P:EXG;Q UWX\M=
O-8\
^)=?\ !5JFG#PK


*




VW[./D^&K_ 
'7/B;XK:EX

M^



M35-&U'2=-U&V:_L[VQFN;1$O;&ZM'FM9/K/[7:_\_-O_ -_H_P#XJC[7:_\
M/S;_ /?Z/_XJE_/;3VDJ
I./NOFPZDJ

MO[/GY;^\E[2493NG=2YG&*?






(*
DI1Y*;KN$7&5





?B98B6*



M:[7_ )^;?_O]'_\ %5-EKNN:$H.S:?+*FZ+LTTU+V
ITE-6G&E4JTU)0JU%*







;?QG-X]?X




M/$?Q*\

M67PQXB\/Q:IINFVL5Y')

_-O_W^C_\ BJ/M=K_S\V__ '^C
M_P#BJ:;335E:3ELK/FY$XR5K3I_NZ=J4DZ4?9PY8+E5AZ\U[OF]I=MN]ZL_:


'A
M]O%CXJ\3Z5X@TS7M0BE/@__ (32+49/%&NZJVGW'BV;3[;5;^26RM;:U5+




MW\5-_P (Q\1?&'Q-L/
#=+324\+^)-;T[
M3+31[?4]1EN_#%YXLLVDT[3-(MKW3] \4Z+HVI)I5N=1TRZ-WJQU'Z\^UVO_
M #\V_P#W^C_^*H^UVO\ S\V__?Z/_P*I66ETG9<MFKIQ_=ODDGI*%Z-&7))


_-


'[_6];\2S_#P1:%+X-&N^(X[I]9OHYI?3^-%BO=4OKWQ
M VDGQBVAQ:Y=27<&EQ1+#;19A_9TT.3P[X<\+W-IXONM)\-?OQ+\'[:.7;'







VD^'O&7B?QYH7@B6
MV\

\0^+[;Q3!KLXELO!5IXLU&&X?QCKEW#%K/BG4C:7




M
QW7A_PSH.JW-KIMMX4LK;2-1U'4;W7HXKS4/[0U;49#8R6-FR_9W5+2_37-

M3R:/)K^IKK&H_;-;EE73Y;#[:^UVO_/S;_\ ?Z/_ .*H^UVO_/S;_P#?Z/\
M^*IJ4DU)2?-%TY)MMOGI5YXF%1MW;JJO4J575=ZDI5:O-)^TGS-MR23U2E.2

MQ)XG@E@
M;9$MUX

RS+ \-M!PMO\$_B+K5AX#U


MWUY'5Y;I.RK*FJJL[KWW1HR;MS*5&#A*/O*7Q?-^S];-X9T[1+2]^(.G:YIG





M;GIN4G3E%R;=7NXMV;BH1BVEI&G4J58P_P '/5J2E#X9\S4U)62^3_AW\(F^


722U]Z;J2=WS.;E*;;E?F]Z4I.2ORR
MO:2:21\R^*/AN_B]_#JZQ9:^UCX=\1:?XH328+8QZ=JVIZ/YD^BC64DL9;FY


MV]S!]2?:[7_GYM_^_P!'_P#%4?:[7_GYM_\ O]'_ /%5-M$E=)5577*W&U:/






M_BJ/M=K_ 




OB'_L.:M_Z7W% 'U1



M7PKUSPF?6@ZSXEU:6V\4^+IXM/GMM0\4:5H^JZ9::.=.MX5^E**A0@J4:'


MO@_XB^%FJ:)X?^'GC_Q+\ONA^//AIXSM-&^=Q8^#T\Z[TG3-:M?KCX)_

M353$5%+EBFI8K$XC&5OA2]WZWC
;B*=/^'0JX['3H1IO&XKVOQ)XF_Y2F_LA



4:M
M)))(RHB*S
P4$U^4/Q _X*H^!M1^*-Q\
/V/_@K\4_VYO&7ABWU6R\:ZE\#X

M62PHSS+&0P\L1/V6&H1A5Q&+Q=1:NGA


M_#5ZJ5##5\YS3 TL3B90PV'E4Q%2%.7ZR45^2/\ POO_ (*__$(_\41^PA^S

4^*




MPS\&



T



M)73Z\#Q%]%CA[&X3$0\

M.N(LXC#%4XRHN6#XWPM2A&I)QJ5)J


ZK

ME::?90Z?:F&TL;:&TM8C+$LTICMX$CBC



M_I;\F?\ AYO\4_\ I%]_P4


M]+?D39_\%5KS1KC5AXV_X)S?\%
_#2C48IKG4K#]F5?$_A[3K-]+TR..;4=9









MI7L+BX4V\ZLK0S@^5*K HS BOCOQ!_P3._X)]^)6E;4?V.OV?;8S20R./#_P

L,J@S10.*XEW372S,TA\8US_@BM_P3%\0LSWO[
M+&AVKM-/.#H?Q^


M:SJ


U
MXIX


M81B_]-.ET :-%%% !1110 5G2_\ (6LO^P=JG_I3H]:-9TO_ %K+_L':I_Z
M4Z/0!HT444 %%%% !1110!G:/_R=+_[!UE_Z315HUG:/_R=+_[!UE_Z315
MHT %%%% !1110!P.H_\ (5U/_KXM_P#TW6-5:M:C_P A74_^OBW_ /3=8U5H
M **** OCOQ/_P C+XA_[#FK?^E]Q7V)7QWXG_Y&7Q#_ -AS5O\ TON* /JC


:CX&MM*\-16/BCZY^
3J+#4XUX5Z-6+JXBG[E4A4QJPD)1;;Y57IT'4@G4IQK


92P4\3/ XR-#TBBOR5\._M9_M3:
MUX/LOATFL?L]ZE\9/&G[:GB/]D?X4_M




M-._\#;;_ ..UB2:-%9W]L:3_ -!33O\ P-MO_CM']L:3_P!!33O_  -MO_CM
M &C16=_;&D_]!33O_ VV_P#CM']L:3_T%-._\#;;_P.T :-9VC_ /()TO\
M[!UE_PDT5']L:3_ -!33O\ P-MO_CM4-*U73(]
TZ.34;!)$L+-'1[RW5T=


S$!5 ))(
M&:O_ -L:3_T%-._\#;;_ ..T :-%9W]L:3_T%-._\#;;_P.T?VQI/\ T%-.
M_P# VV_^.T :-%9W]L:3_P!!33O_  -MO_CM']L:3_T%-._\#;;_ ..T :-9
MUE_Q\ZQ_V$8O_33I=']L:3_T%-._\#;;_P.U0L]5TQ;C56;4;!5DOXWC+7E




^S?$T\%E62Y+@
5FF:YEBZNE/
M#8'+\%2KXK%5YV?+2H4IS:3:5DSZ%KX-_:D_X*'? K]F77+'X90KXC^-O[1G





M_MC2?^@IIW_@;;?_ !VJ$FJZ8=3LY!J-@8UL-11G%Y;[%=[C2F16;S-H9UCD


P4LAX&R*
MM.'LI8RCE
*U?$9OG=6E^[QG%7$V.SWBO

8*/045G?VQI/_ $%-
M._\  VV_^.T?VQI/_04T[_P-MO\ X[7NGY4:-%9W]L:3_P!!33O_  -MO_CM

MLK*T@965@0RD @@@C-7_ .V-)_ZFG?^!MM_\=H T:*SO[8TG_H*:=_X&VW_
M ,=H_MC2?^@IIW_@;;?_ !V@#1HK._MC2?\ H*:=_P!MM_\=H_MC2?^@IIW
M_@;;?_': R_X^=8_PPC%_Z:=+K1KG[/5=
6XU5FU&P59+^-XRUY;@.@TS3
MHRR$R891(CH67(WHRYW*0+_]L:3_ -!33O\ P-MO_CM &C16=_;&D_\ 04T[
M_P #;;_X[1_;&D_]!33O_ VV_P#CM &C16=_;&D_]!33O_ VV_\ CM']L:3_


M6+/4M%O]0TVZ]CU'5=

32G1Q&'KTXU:-:E
M47+.G4IS3C*



5D60_2

MQ#X88.$


MG_H*:=_X&VW_ 



*I^^H02DZ-EAJ4JM-15.M.G0HTZ<*E6$YQC'25W)OX1TS]AJ2R^#
MWAGX4W_[4W[0FKZM\
O%_ASQC\!/BW'X
_8R\&^//V=KGPSX4O? 5CHGPF\+
M?#+]DCP+\!E\

ME[F%@Z6'CO[&BZE:K&C!O54*-3$8J6&HW]EA'B\9]6A26+Q*J_$GB;_E*;^R


=Y=6.II_9VIGP1X8^=S?.ZV%Q5'*
M

Y!F?B)XA<25N!O[(\RI9-4SCY2\[XDXOXCG1AC)<'^
M'^15




M)D:8Z-J.DVEU+8#]$O#OASP]X0T/2_#'A/0=&\

M'T^V79;V&EZ3IL%M8:?90)\L-K:6\



[1JTN-_$&.%R_%RR[%I?[3PCPC@N




]?T?Q5X3\3Z79ZUX=\2:!J%MJNBZWI-_MQ9:CIFHV4

M#Q7/5Q?#T-7/#14\3DT+RPZK99'V&7_U#'$9-])F
:&/K99PW](OE4
+FN(G
MA

MXWJO
^+_ -N*
MSK+_ (^=8_[,7_IITNN+^$WQ;^''QT^'WAGXJ?7Q=I'CGP#XOT^/4M!\1:


5@\;


M/_R





^'4?[7\'[2MK^RO%\'H_CUXI






_K6&]KAH5
M)K#U*L

MS&6!DVEF%
M# XS%8%XC#8:M6AXMXF_Y2F_LA?]F ?\%)/_ %HK_@E)7Z1U^;GB;_E*;^R%
M_P!F ?\ !23_ -:*_P4E?I'61(4444 %%%% !6=H__ =+_[!UE_Z315H
MUG:/_P @G2_^P=9?^DT5 &C1110 4444 9VL?\@G5/\ L'7O_I-+6C6=K'_(



MW6[CPL]SEY51H4L+06.SC

M +5'[!?A:?QA\*?%-_+XB_:9_8@TQF@TCQ
JA'U/XG_L\V


4_[6'[+6F3/9^'OVC?

M/M


MO^P=JG_I3H]:-9TO_(6LO^P=JG_I3H] &C1110 4444 %%%% &=H_P#R=+_
M .P=9?\ I-%6C6=H_P#R=+_ .P=9?\ I-%6C0 4444 %%%% ' ZC_R%=3_Z

M
7/C:X^.?PZD_:_G_:5M?VJ(OC#'\!?%



ME_X*E?LA1RV=K)'_ 



MHY_9&D_] O3O_ &V_P#C5?G;XF_Y2F_LA?\ 9@'_  4D_P#6BO\ @E)7Z1UD
M29W]D:3_ - O3O\ P!MO_C5']D:3_P! O3O_  !MO_C5:-% &=_9&D_] O3O
M_ &V_P#C5']D:3_T]._\ ;;_P-5HT4 9W]D:3_ - O3O\ P!MO_C54-*TO
M3)-

LS
Q)9B22223FN@K.T?_ )!.E_\
M8.LO_2:*@ _LC2?^@7IW_@#;?_&J/[(TG_H%Z=_X VW_ 
:K1HH SO[(TG_H
M%Z=_X VW_P :H_LC2?\ H%Z=_P -M_\:K1HH Y_5=+TR/3-1DCTVP21+\=
M'2SMU='6WD965EC#*RL 58$$$ @YJ_\ V1I/_0+T[_P!MO\ XU1K'_()U3_L

'O$'FYOFV$R7 U<?C'4<(2ITJ-C#

MX(_#74LK-\


GO?$.N:CJ%WXL^

MRYJ?'']L?X2_!75[?P+ VL_%+XRZLP@\/_!?X76)\4^/+^[DB:2'^T[2S9K;
MPU8A0L]Q=:U-;W L?-O;&PU%()$HX)X.XBSW
ZN



)_[



MACK'B#4_!7P0\:9?W*V6CR75YILGB5=.M=



M@2

MFC_R[\+\PM_T^XLR?F\K^PSWDOJKVG;XK/X3WG3-7^'NM_9_[&U/P;J_VLN+
M7^S+W1+_ .TF

:K

^6N\6OD


:?;YNGPYP+B9*G
MA_$3ZM.?NTYYSPGFN#P\:C7N?6:N68K/)T:3GI4JTZ.(=.+4U3FE)1BIQ;XE
MX2#JXOPG^MTZ=I5H</\ '.29ABI4DU[7ZI0SG!\-T\174+RHT:N(PJK2BZ;J
MTVXN7Z+_ -D:3_T]._\ ;;_ .-4?V1I/_0+T[_P!MO_ (U7Y[:%^VQXP^#V
MJZ?X&_;C^&

PLW=WL[=G=VMX
MV9F9HRS,S$EF))))).:O_P!D:3_T]._\ ;;_P-4:/_ ,@G2_\ L'67_I-%
M6C0!G?V1I/\ T]._P# &V_^-4?V1I/_ $]._\  &V_^-5HT4 9W]D:3_T

L=_&D8:SM




^RFLG+V^)Q




M:6/1_C-H



M(_LC2?\ H%Z=_P -M_\:H_LC2?^@7IW_@#;?_&J\K^ /Q^^%7[3GPJ\+?&;
MX,^*;3Q9X&\66GG6EW#B*_TR_BKJ/A_Q!IS
UQHWB+1KAC::KI5V!-;S .A


M8B%.OAL5AJ].=*O0JPC4IU(RC**:9G?V1I/_0+T[_P!MO\ XU532]






M^@7IW_@#;?\ QJM&B@#G]*TO3)-

LS
Q
M)9B22223FK_]D:3_ - O3O\ P!MO_C5&C_\ ()TO_L'67_I-%6C0!G?V1I/_

_P!H
MSQ-X@\+^!]7T'X8^

M'@Y_%%W\1-:NKFTU'2O!MWX6L_$7B+0NJ^.GQF\-? 'X9ZS\3O%.E^)/$%II

M=
U'Q3XB\



M_B%/V@T\.Z=X


M +!UE_Z315HUG:/_ 
@G2_\ L'67_I-%0!HT444 %%%% &=K'_()U3_L'7O_






M.[_A)=-G/_
A625;#</XA2H93PQ@
M*GPSPN18'!2Q,%695\?B%+$3*SK+_CYUC_L(Q?^FG2ZT:SK+_CYUC_L(Q?^


JUPN#CQH_%O]JOXO_NO@[\%[+X/^%[D







=D


MQ1Q9C
#*7UFEE]7+.':
N52Q4
1AU.!^PFN:%HGB?2-0\/\ B31]+\0:%JUL


M
D\T
QV.FKH]IN=?CKX?_ML?MF?_P;X)^&J?LE^

M+^

MIEV84
1D_$F6JM0KX4]3\$?MU:=X?\26'PP_:V\!:I^S'\3+MS:Z;JOB.X34


=RY_)GQ5_P $

MJAM7\^OFV)XRQ6$APWP)@?#S





486.***-52.-%5$10J@* *^
%HUGAL=A<KX=SO-\YRS%Q5ZF S*


M6.23X5Z/:/(J0H@D-O=^(H;F(/MW*LT2-M(.
$$Z0_X* ?M'7'[^P_X)B_M8
MR64I+VDFH7O@;2KY[=B3$UWIL^HR36%PR8
MI))(T#DQEWV[C^G6C_\ ()TO

VDJGB


M-/J^:I)7V27NK\M?^&K_ /@IC_TB8_\ -\/@#_\ 
Y1_PTC_ 
%1M1_TBS_X


Z6O?GP
M_AS1J?+GY7U3TM^35MXV_POGQ
O]9TG0?@G^RG^S+8?:[5;_Q5\1?B'KOQ

\ F#3)+R!%MF
?BJQ@LF\R:-'E;9+'I#_@GO\ 'KXHG[1^
MU-_P4+_:







MQ207%O/&DT$\$R&.6&:*0-'+%+&S))&ZLCHQ5@5)%?)YGPK2K8RIG.1XRIP]
&=3MM6TJ\0'
M;+&MQ:R.(KNUE#6][8W BO;ZCEM;RW@N8I(E[6ORQ^(?_!/OQ-\)_%^L_&_



'CYU&Z675
WITY8N7Z/5G67_'SK'_81B_]-.EUHUG67_'S

M^$KWQG^SYXXOEU_]L3]DKP[#&CPKI_M+X\_!#3D6VG^)])M?-O?%OAFW2&
MSU2TCN+AU&FG[5X2^&Q%MP?B*V8XC4K\



MP3Q3B5@UP_F^2_M56=+_ 
A:R_[!VJ?^E.CUY]\%OC1\-?VA?ACX1^
/PB\4

UG2KV*?3M8TF]BAOM-U&VN+.ZA

HM+1HHHK4X HH
MHH **** 


_&;X)'PUX7T+P;^S%\
M;]
U*#3/C!+XP&N:KXFT)Y;[PVGA7^Q8[?6F\4Z/=_:@^$/[2GQU\?'KX:

3A:


MC9\
OV%?CA\)?AWX?U[X9_#3]F#X4^+OA?\ M:W7[3GP5_8U^'_Q;^(UK^RA




M-K\[?$W_ E-_9_[

M .3:T:* 
[^R[;_GKJ/_ (.-6_\ DVJ&E:;;R:9ISM)?AGL+-R$U75(T!:WC
M)QQWBQHN3\J(JHHPJJ% %=!6=H__()TO_L'67_I-%0 ?V7;?\]=1_\ !QJW
M_P FT?V7;?\ /74?_!QJW_R;6C7G'Q/^+_PP^_AR7Q9\5?'/AWP+H
?FB*\


M:7WAWPQ/:DA#J/@'P!%&_B+Q29$\V32]3NXFTM;N%;;6]
M4=]MF+]CWX
_#


95*G#64?5\VXH
MY8+FE'
8JO3RCAN


M;7







W27I/AY^QE\%O#7B#4_%/BNR

6JMXWU




4XO
MB=044_JM1R2.6E_:HN_B%))I_PS+\'_ (D?&-B[0KXZUC4-9^'7PJMW!O*


)!]3?$3X



M

M*2XU[QYKFN2V%U;677%UKGC;7]4^U06;O(3+]KU2*Q1YF1QA]M?%7B;_@H




/2
MA:*Z\BX

VQ%?-L_QD-_9U\WQ\Z^


U;P+XXT^[U31-5C!!;5-0:\TR_B#&RU


%A\0-*26UM)()9=^KM)!&7N+VY

IE4IX7/LOI1P]

LO[[^R[;_GKJ/\ X.-6_P#DVC^R[;_GKJ/_ (.-6_\ DVOCOX+?
M%WQGX!\9P?LU_M$7PG\;PP2-\*_BE
IM]'^
_ANV(6&.265BMMX]TN!HH-6T
MV2:6YOV0S&2YN6BO]:^U:\O/\AQG#V-6%Q$Z.)P^(HPQF69GA)2J9?FV75G+


M\4WEAXPT+3XLNUI\


KQLDE'^T\FQ.79FHKEC
-X?XJP])4<)Q?PUB%E?$-E!WIX;$XA4JN$SK+H
M2][^QN(

M



MUU'_ 


MT[X;V'Q

MYAN!.(.*

-TOP\UC7+L?M2_![1(?E











(RRKFNHS5KNKB,F6,Q.I*]_:YQ@<J5K2<5&47+XC
N*LUX4QV)RGQ
MX$XSX(S'!5'1QOUO)ZV=9?0JJUW6Q60+,,7E]S3]MGV6Y*E&TI1C&4'+]0



M&FK?'_X'V
%S''8WVDVJ?;/&7A5-FGRZ7;2
_P!G\/P6E_\ #_\ 5WX4_$GX



M#X/^*9'UWP_(++Q[\


/4C5I5(W:?+.


MV7;?\]=1_P#!QJW_ 

2&1E6XAP99IKB0[M/LF.Z6=Y)7




WWQ3^)O@KP+&8_-AMO$/B#3[+5+


(R*^JR?@CBO

TJ8/**#W=JV-@[*3VBVOB
_\ $C@?



M 8R?%F9UXII_4LY7!M*2YO\ A1C*/)+RX?'/]KS]IDV_9M^%P^ 'PTOL!?C
MQ\?M,4^*-0L79@-1\ ?6


(.
PV$Q. X8P

MN[BL-(T31M

_HX)9



N_









:Y.$C15&3@5;
MKQ?X^?M!_3]F3X;ZQ\5?C/XOL//A+20(8GG)GU77M6ECEDLO#WAG2(B;[7



ORW#4XMS]A2J3A@\OPU.*;Y*%.C1@KVBCXOBWCO.\XH5






,OVT?C7;%9H?%
MGQOFCO/ GAN<NLLUMX^#UM))X(\
Z.TZ1W$.F7MOKZV5U&+C3I;)G=3^DUM
M;6]E;V]G9V\-I:6D



-$\7-^SE^T++!;?%W2;.2Y
M\&^
HX_LV@?&CPI;!Q#KVCR
$BC\3VL$3CQ!HP3&6YNX(\Q7L-K]D5XO\
M'/X'^%_CKX130-;FN]$U[1[Q-;\#^-]&8V_B3P1XGM2LECK6C7D;PS*%FBA^
MW62SPQWT




 $&@?%_PK LHM_&OA*0I%#)


MC-RHTL9@


\'

XQG2JPG&


M1]ELAN^S#M/A_P#\%!/@7XAUZ/P+\45\4?LX?$X%(YO OQVT6;P2TTK.T/F:





MN+IQ]L_NFB@'(!'(/((Y!!Z$&BO@#]1BO)OBO\ ''X6?!+2%U?XD^+]-\/B
MX5SIFE%GO?$.MR*2HAT70+)9]5U%FEVPO-#;&SMGD0WMS;1$R#YE_P$N_:J

M C0W^DZL[#RJ^KRC@_-



MK+3M4O;S29M-\


M%M;.S*\(,-P[_X:?LP?GX-L_B#2-


-@W^Y7JU
T\




M[\@E\W$?E4?\,?Z[XKQ)\8_VF?CK\0RQ/VG1]URS^&?@V\W#]X+GPQX9MY
M01U6+R]2C



R_XBCQ#A-.'L!PMPC!?!/ASAC*
/F-+M[/B''X;

M:^\[R]X^:_!O['O[

M7#/E_
MVAV



\.G:Z8/[?\
ZE!O

MGEU+]C;]IW]H?]DFZWM-:^$-$\63_%7X

MDPO+L2K
Y/T?XS_9&TFT\077Q%_9Z\5ZA\ ?B5
?.O&\



M$\=GX6\4(]]X:U9+U;9DT66[O])EUZXN+RTFUNM0U&QM)_T2TS5--UK3[/5
MM&UQU;2M0@CNK#4]
$_M&



M+AGBW


MQ!.\**D6E?$GPZDEKHOQ/\+7

MP4 ^*7[-GC/0_@7_ 




M1J9)%3EC
'PGGE//?#W.L/.KC
BHY/C\:^(


2S6UU:W

M&I6L?B%\)_&-D?#/Q7^&FL12FVNM)\:^[R5KZP:WO4ELEU6R?4-!N[NXM;

1457#X^%-)U
1DV/4:='


=UXU(<+\4YZJ5=T?J^BBBOI#\
M2
[1_P#D$Z7_ -@ZR_\ 2:*M&L[1_P#D$Z7_ -@ZR_\ 2:*M&@ HHHH ****
M .!U'_D*ZG_U\6__ *;K&JM6M1_YNI_]?%O_PFZQJK0 4444 %?'?B?_D9


/V6_C)\=?#?
MPF_: U;XN?$3Q5\.O%G[
_A[2O#7A_4/V?/V@/@E#IDEC\;/V@_A%XFU?7TU
M[XM^'O$4L'A_P_J^E#PIINO31ZO)XBM]
\-ZM#^VQ\.OC'^TA\*OC?\ !Z#X

M]-U'SX7&QQU&NX49U%6I8FCB\+=.I2GA:M'5Z%*5.G5P\U6C%T\8\53E.


YT:.#P6

35Q+KXF6+J5'3KTL-*.&C-:K4K4\/1G)*CAG%PI0ITJ


MK5F7%U/
OWWM\+EN'RZEE
7[GU3V^:NGF69X:%3]XZZPW#V834%#V4W*4N3I



M6M^AE94:X;3[6WC+*SR*F67[)QSB@F_#3A_@/%4U_#QG#SAQ=Q945DU5^H\8

Y+&+3C!1DY\WCOZ

+T:UH_PZLO

_UQ'ITT



/*24:48PA*C&
5%)+F
MRS@K)^!(ULDRGA3+^$?93MBLLP62T
DJ*LMY8O#4L/AJDJ[NY3J8B
JTY2E*
















O_ #_$W%&1<'Y37SKB'
*&


!? ?\ 8H^)/Q*^

ME+BZBTRPT;2='^XV\!?M;_% $^._BIX8^'AZXR7\




^'.G'5?'?Q'T_PG8[7:.7



M+HVU]M^U?0G@O]D;X&^$+_\ MV\\


M!@LMQL\5C^$)X3



MXG-UF?[OG4?[:S&G3Q%.*IO+LOK5OK.%[FWA:[@AN;77KNYMKB-)H+BW_L::


MW
*[4M(8
*RP_P##1_Q5^%&+7]I+X-ZCIVD0;5G^+'PE%UXQ\ ^7RIOM6TAL



MD_\ RKH^Q7/_ $&-1_[]:3_\JZY3P#\4/AY\4=+&L_#[QAH7BNQHTQTJ^CE
MN[+S,E(]3TV3R]2TJ=@,BVU*TM;C&8L$&N\K]4RW
\MSG X;
\GS# YKEN
MIJMA
PRW%T




61G!C38Z*9 _05G2_P#(



'X
M]T=MX]\#R2:3&+RPO4C,NIV$*^9IMP9#Y-N@N++3?KZOGSX__ 73OC/HVEZC
MI6J2^#?BKX'N6UKX8_$;3@4U/PSKD961;:Z**S7_ (=U1XH[?6=+F2:&: ^<
MD+3Q*K_;Y%G6 QV7PX4XHJ2AE+JU*F2YRJ<J^*X5Q^(:=2K$$ZN)R+&U%%Y
MQED.:4'_ 


A%


MT([:+_ $\:3K\%[B5X

<0.<HX/$<
9K%2E&$LJXSX2QLZJ3L

:I-J

RS#!*]VKXS 8?$X572;C^^]Y)M729]/
M?8KG_H
:C_WZTG_Y5T?8KG_H
:C_ -^M)_\ E77G6B_'?X(^(U1M!^


[
M@8LJSVLT=QS*<

,(FR-24,A=WX_XE?!WP%\8O]WX
^*&BV


#Y*6SG/.*W0PG<85(VJX+$U\=3J4LTQ%2#?_-EV&S+-




MQ'4R[

/EWBE5QZ\
\HI
2-BR6O]F*E
M]#:E+2;4+J.-37TM]BN?^@QJ/_?K2?\ Y5U^<WE?MF?LB@?9WU7]M3XV(.8


P.5U;X6'KFHV=PMO&
M3JM_(/M^E+M:/3  6U.S57&S34;=&2)$!)0NJB1'CW(U_PQ7/\ T&-1_P_


M SOL5S_T&-1_[]:3_P#*NJ%G9W!N-5 U6_4K?QJS+'IF9#_9FG-O?=IK*& 8
M1@1A$V1J2AD+N_05G67_ !\ZQ_V$8O\ TTZ70 ?8KG_H
:C_ -^M)_\ E71]
MBN?^@QJ/_?K2?_E76C10!G?8KG_H
:C_ -^M)_\ E76=JWANSU_3;W1M=E.L


:;</;R%GU&2U
AW.G:H9M*\0:79ZK9%_/







^+\
MOI.EEMOAHY)Q=B,+*?M9Y!GO6
QCP_%N58JIJ\#PMGF?8_ UI2S#+JF78N




1I+AS&8S^SO!?CW&
MR=_^








THB$CYT^R(W*&(;00HVQ+\JC=N;+&&K6H_\ (5U/







D:A!X:^
W_!/?06
MLY=8\':_H/BC3[G?\1UN]'O=/ND?1FL]76)9CX@G:U^=/^'2G[=GPC?'PQM]

]
-R_$T8U%FY.*A#&X;&T86<FVH4HIO=





MU$GE75L\7P1A\=:%;:E
+XE\,^&_GBO%2T3YYY[&<7S2IRIRG.4OY%S^W[


$33?OY
MXT_9@_9L^(ZRCQ_^S]\%?&CS*RO/XG^%W@G6[M28FA$L-YJ&B7%U;SI&Q6&Y





MW:_V3?1QZI$#JGQOUO26BEDGUG1K:X\C7-%\
ZE;I80^&[J_?P9IGB6UU&?7




X\$^%

M9'


M@L;J6VAMM4\2W^R_\4:VL(0*-2U=HHW%LK1J\6F6$5CH]LXW6FGP$G/N=?E@




M/#0_XNG_ 
$XOV[?#

'5J59QIPB
MY-(_1+QOXBT'PIX2U_7_ !-K.F:!HEAIMP;S5=7O;?3[W,Z?9K=)+FYDCB$
MMS=30VMK&




K5



TV
MSC+.1%#$
RW%Q




^R#



N1\

M9-Q?A\.FE*OCN!



RW

$*RC*EB<-67-0QFQ5&53X_ XB/OX7'8*MB
'B
M:=JEO4@U(****^@/&BBB@#.T?_ )!.E_\ 8.LO_2:*M&L[1_\ D$Z7_P!@

MB(;(


MGPM.UG2H9]FE.C)?RRI1Q2ISC_=E%Q\C[# ^)?B+ED/9Y?Q[QE@J5DG1PW$V
M=4J$HK[
Z$
:J
X?W)PE%]4?'7@;]BOX'^&_&%YXLU:S\4?$?4](N+6U\-P_
M%+Q+=^.-




M)Q5B*&)XCSO


MGQB\':IK


8TSWFBOSS_X8



.#2T4!<^2?B1^Q;\%_




U^0 _
WAK4]9
MA 5LRC8^WZGK\2/VN_\ @GO/X \7:U^TQ^RQ\
M%\?6.I74VL_'C]DB:2?1M
M&^)]I)(DVL^
O@QJFEF&_P#AW\7DAC-U)!H!BL_%LT$0.FZG?_:/#?BWI?@I

\1
M0K8;


MR\N %FUB/X9^%M&\1.H8L$_X270M.TS7U0



;L/1_P#A:G[;'_1J?@G_ 
/GH'_RNKVLV\)\=*MB
OSBKP!B
M)X:K4H5L/C^-.!ZG+*$G&494
9GG^_+4IPE9^]%.Z/U+*^$?%+P^S;%+A[






MQ!XH^&7B+7QM:G@\'@_%;BOP)\7\3CZ]1QA2PN'CXEU^+
7B



E[?7









W;V-X%%Q!]G45%2G&O@Z6#K1IRITZ^)G.FJ4'AJV'KXEXF6%JX6M&M


9W?B?X2Z3H/Q[6R\-.UYX:\-_J9^PI



M/LBB

MIX5XNL\75]K*
8/ZSBL0U&G1B[5LUXCS:A3C*G2IRA&C5XJS2E5A!K#XBG2R




MY!.E_P#8.LO_ $FBH /*U;_G]T[_ 
%=S_\ +BCRM6_Y_=._\%=S_P#+BM&H

8Q
M3E*4F[*
4KMMMV22NWHC&U2_ET33;_6-8UO1-
TK2[.XU#4M1OK&:VL[&RM(



3?V=I\\RIJ



ZJI\WLU4E3A%S5/FER*3:
MCS2Y;79^

ZS@ZDW'VDI


M]4^T:KMO+ 
+^

MC_L(Q?\ IITN@ \K5O\ G]T[_P %=S_\N*/*U;_G]T[_ 
%=S_\ +BM&B@#.


95A(H0*X*.75H^@K.



I\'_


PC0

MT[_P5W/_ 

MG]T[_P %=S_\N*T:* 




T_EQ N/$?^&^?V3/^BK_ /EB_$K_

8T*R;HUI8+
LQPV


E='UCY6K?\_NG?^NY_\ EQ1Y6K?\_NG?^NY
M_P#EQ7R=_P -\_LF?]%7_P#+%^)7_P QU'_#?/[)G_15_P#RQ?B5_P#
=7A_
M\1\\_\ H]/A-_XL;@__ .?!ZW_$'_%K_HUWB+_XA/$O_P [#W_QK\-O_Q)
MTIM#^(7A;P'XXT=@_P#Q+/%O@NS\0V2


ME.*SBMEF


M$?P%^-L$




53RKB'C[P9PF-S!_5\/Q'P5QEPK
M@LTPN*FU[*O6X5R_/Z?#^:X2



34SO*U;_G]T[_P5W/\ \N*/*U;_ )_=._\



M-&_;Y%4QV:X7#YW@\VC3D\#CLGR^&
P^;8S%T92Y_JN 7M

M58[PGXC\3LFQ&$R;AW.\97PW-B\KXBRW*\?7CPSF]&$XX+.H9EAI86G@IX*M


N;.ZM[


RV&A.+;2OJ72K(A&J+6;)C#=VDLR8#^M


M;X+^!+O1KZPL98W%WIXU76+K1=0$S-

PC\MYHOMM?KI$SNH#YUQ==U))
NFHAF8G]#**^G


M^






L?AIQ)KRE?$$B:
V-1=;

M[(7_ &8!_P %)/\ UHK_ ()25^D=2




9!9K4RVE@K


M(J

MI-MMMF=K'_()U3_L'7O_ *32UHUG:Q_R=4_[!U[_PDTM:-:$!1110 4444
M %9UE_Q\ZQ_V$8O_ $TZ76C6=9?\?.L?]A&+_P!-.ET :-%%% !1110 5G2_





+
M26LH\ \3XGZSBN&YQ2MA^'

MI?\ V#K+_P!)HJT:^']&\9?M:?/2M,B\;?#_1/V@/4%E:X\4_#&Y31/B#:



M

M6G+#B#+
JK/FC^[]Z-_HBBBBOU ^!BBB@#.LO\ CYUC_L(Q?^FG2ZT:SK+_
M (^=8_[


M&2_M/%/[5/B6+4]/@FCO=&^!?@NZNK#X=Z(Z'S;9O%%[#

MQAN%FB@N[[2[@6B?8VF:7INB:?9Z3HVGV.DZ5I\$=K8:;IMI!8V%E;1#;%;V








7EO&-*IG6$C2C@
M3QKP]D7B'EM;#T)NHLES/!\6X'





MU5LM/O;BQEN[#3Y_

MVQ.3U)3DU'VF


M[=(X8E_V411[4_J_C=G?\?
?#SP^PTOBHY9@\[\1
X4+JRI9KF4N!LIP6(MK




IVV^N_&/QJ=0N'C;&9I/



TS/&8VE0BE:

/1KUITL/3@O=
MA3H0ITX1M&$8Q5C.T?\ Y!.E_P#8.LO_ $FBK1K.T?\ Y!.E_P#8.LO_ $FB







MM%)._P +3NF[



M7_Y%? OBUFO\K_XAIQ1D/

M+3O_  :7/_RGKY
_X5A^V-JG_'_^U!X0\+Y.2/#7P6T#6L!5VJH/B&^B.)BQ

XVWE[3+*;2=
MHJ4E*

=--K7EBU)_6
M7FZM_P ^6G?^#2Y_^4]?7C'QOXS_:,UJ[^ ?P=O_PQ_!&@6]GI_P ;?BQI



M 
7][<.TL]Q*Q/


5Q
MEQ51Y(9#''\.++.'\CQ3YG+/J]/&X_%U\YQ^!Y8O*
74LMQ<2/+(S'JO-U;_GRT[_P:7/\ \IZT:*_9<#@L'EFPF79
M=A


M1HH SO-U;_GRT[_P:7/_ 

MGH\W5O\ GRT[_P &ES_\IZT:* 


@\$'O7


M[7OPE(;PEXQ\


MG'57X6Z_O25

&/&NCXA^/=9U/XP?%Z?RY+CQ_XS6.?^RY$)9+;P?H.9-
\+6%LS-]C2


'P14
MC5\4
?]I+]I:)#9V^I?LW?!RZQYCSW)@^


M




M'FZM_P ^6G?^#2Y_^4]:-% &=YNK?\^6G?\ @TN?_E/5SDU3[1JNVSLQOX
MS(&U&X4*_P#9FG *A&E
77RPC%F6
AV9-A1^@K.LO^/G6/^PC%_PFG2Z
M#S=6_P?+3O_  :7/_RGH\W5O^?+3O\ P:7/_P IZT:* 
[S=6_Y\M._\&ES

TJ*36+@:G\8?V:#JDMOX)^*L$1WW6L


M'Y/BW@W*N



MLWX8R_
LNQ'%'!+Q&*RC#QC5SO(



ME2:H-
TX1V=@T8L+

IZ/-U;_GRT[_P:7/\ \IZT:* /

?\2^RV[97AMV;*X)S$FUB5&X 
T-6M1_YNI_
M]?%O_PFZQJK0 4444 %?'?B?_D9?$/_ &'-6_\ 2^XK[$KX[\3_ /(R^(?^


M@'_!23_UHK_@E)7Z1T %%%% !1110 5G:/\ \@G2_P#L'67_ *315HUG:/\

MT :-%%% !1110 4444 9VC_\@G2_^P=9?^DT5:-9VC_\@G2_^P=9?^DT5:-




I4ZD8U*4W#FIU(QG!QG%-?G[_
M 













MA:'[1?\ PH
:8\$?A7_AF7_AHCXI?\




MCL0TWT97*DW2HU[/V6(C6G1DTUSQH8O$8&LTG:2Y
5A
11:DD^:DVDXN
G
H

))V?+*

MG_Q93^T+_P#2HZ/^%R?\%0O^C
OV?\ Q93^T+_]*CK[2HI$GQ;_ ,+D_P"
MH7_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_PE1T?\+D_X*A?]&9?L$_\ BRG]H7_Z5'7VE10!\6_\


VFQP:OXGTG7UO-


Y\RC=TXJ
HVG4482D^2$I3]T
M\/\ ^%R?\%0O^C

M_P!*CK[2HI$GQ;_PN3_@J%_T9E^P3_XLI_:%_P#I4='_  N3_@J%_P!&9?L$




M+_\ 2HZ/^%R?\%0O^C


M(?@7=Z-#J/B3Q#I6BVG@OXC07^H^(_#.N:E\

M)KVE1*G\Y1B^)_X7)_P5_Z
R_8)_\ %E/[0O\ ]*CH_P%R?\ !4+_ *,R
M_8)_\64_M__ $J.OM*B@1\6_P#Y/\ @J%_T9E^P3_XLI_:%_\ I4='_Y/
M^H7_1F7[!/_ (LI_:%_^E1U]I44 ?%O_Y/^H7_1F7[!/_ (LI_:%_^E1U
M4?XP?\%0#?VTW_#&O[!09+2^C?\/)_VA2&$LVGLS%_^'4H*E#H[&#AR2R
M; '^W:_-?Q'_ 
%3/V=?#'P3_:N^..H^&/BZ]C^R!\3?B!\+?'?@&V\






I4%;:4L+EV.KW=H*GAJCE)6
M5_5O^%R?\%0O^C

M_P!*CK[+M;A+NVM[J



M*A?]&9?L$_\ BRG]H7_Z5'1_PN3_ (*A?]&9?L$_^+*?VA?_ *5'7VE67KFH

MJLT:6-A+K^OZ'HL=U/$^J:OIMB)[R&9S4(2G)2:A&4FH0G4FU%-M1ITXRG.5
ME[L(1E.3LHQ;:148N4HQ5DY244Y2C-V[+FG-QA%=Y2DHQ6LFDFSXVT_XP?\
M%0(;QA7]C7]@IUBM+:-7/\ P4G_ &A4+A(44
4'_!*5PA8#)4.X4G&YL9-O




OV?_%E/
M[0O_ -*CK[2HH ^(K;XP?\%0$FU!A^QK^P4QFO$D8'_@I/\ MJ$(L+&':#_
M 
.I6W@K$K[B$(+E-I!WM_\+D_X*A?]&9?L$_\ BRG]H7_Z5'7HWPY_:(MO
M'GQW^-G[/VH?7XI?#?Q5\&O#WP]\;#Q!XWE^%%WX1^*'@7XG:[\3/#'A3QG
M\.[GX=_%/Q]XA@TV?5OA'XNM;S2_B9X;^''BZRCBTV:3PV8+U7C^C*=FHTY-







M_8U_8*8S7B2
#_P4G_:%4(186

M$7P[\=?%7Q[J



64_M__2HZ^TJ*
M0CXM_P%R?\ !4+_ *


M:1HQLKRJ5YTZU:&'HP5YU\3.CA\16AAZ

M_P!&9?L$_P#BRG]H7_Z5'1_PN3_@J%_T9E^P3_XLI_:%_P#I4=?:*L& 92&5

1BL-74)TU24JESP3X2?M&?\%2





MR]ZR^+?^%R?\%0O^C
OV?\ Q93^T+_]*CH_X7)_P5_Z
R_8)_\64_M_\
MTJ.OM*BN4ZCXM_X7)_P5_Z

M3^T+_P#2HZ^TJ\P^-OQ8\/? ;X
_%GXX^+;#7-4\*_!SX:^.?BEXETSPS;Z?

M


M?@_\9/%OQT\)'0H=

_']]X3^QJTG3G3Y')*U2+G!J491DE.=.=I0<H\U.K3J4:L+\

MN

'(?^$@^T:**<926&PF%<G.&I5J5.4DO:3^L8[%YC7J57%1BYU<7CL34
ZC:^M?'X'?!7]GSPC_P *_P#@)\'_ (7?!#P'_:E[KG_$_'X?\
MA/X:^$?[:U);=-1U?_A&_!FDZ+HW]J7Z6EJE[J'V+[7=+;6ZSRR&,+ZC154
MYNE2JT:=HQKXFIB:THJTZLZM# 8=TZDU9SHPCEN&G3I2OG6]I5BE*HV7.;J




M&Q
:%TW1^OX7
*^%QTZ;52M0C1A&=-TU)E2U6E[&2]S]XWRWC*4Y.A.C4E*+






M6*EE)4E5)&


B<GI%<MV]ESSC3C=[+FJ3A-]Y



HMQ4TI)N$N91DD[N







MKWMVMK?MKL;E!SVZ]L\?K@X_(_2BL^]U?2M-N-*M-1U/3[ZUW4'TK0[:]O;
M:UN-9U2/3=0UB33=*AGDCDU'4$TC2=5U5[.T6:X73=,U^:

MZ)JUTWHK735^UTU?HQ=WT2;?9**NV^R23;?1)L^/_@-\



M?$'QYX





MQI^IWOA?7+[P_HOBRQT;Q%:V5Q//HFJWGA;Q)X=\2VNG:E';7=QX?U_1=9AA
3 X3!8A1ATY<'@:6 PJ;YJC@J-3$U*N(KSK5=^BBL

M3;BY@@UOPQXFTC5O#OB'2I9$OM%UW2]1TC4H+;4+*YMXIL]79Z;Z;=-?F19\


ML_$_Q/XK_:F^

MEZ@;+5]3AN=1ACO-/MIX5N?)=&







J%:NJ:P^)J


I6C93I-WI5H1

JRPN+QE#$:PKUZ4::I5:E&5'&8?

A3A6C5H)U_:NBZU*A4I0V\$=K;P6T0(BMX8H
M(PQW$1PHL: GN=JC)[GFIJ**&VVVVVVVVWNV]6WYLPA%*$*=.*A3IQC$(J
MT80@E&
8I:)1BDDELD%%%%(H*^7_ -HSX#W_ 


M3C.$DXRBVFFF:T:]6@ZKHS=.5;8W!RG%N



6TTV^G2.VE^@Z*3YK/EE*$K/EG%1<H/I**G&<'*+U2G4;KWHR5T^C!





OB'_L.:M_Z

W3F\-6Q-'.*L



#XH3_%'PD_[/G@

MJIRI9AA



MC'X[6$-W/9:SXYBDO=
O[#Z
^#WQG_:&^(L&M?M.^%-2M[SXW7?_  2Z_P




J]6AC9T*-!9C6E'%8:MB7.OA




M&53./K%G)5XQI9=A\#*DE56+POXD?LM?MI?M&:E^S;\6_C7\1?C_P _C-X
M/_9$_;
\+Z+\2?B;\
?&_P )_C5X
*_@]\OA1/<Z5\'(/ 4]W\0)O^$AUKQKZW\5_VB_B9



M8RINH]8T
72J2C3ISC*4Z^(Q.$GC4O
H2QN
PN+G4=:I5P7]FQP4\OKY1A

73?B!I$EI
M#^V'ACPUX?\ !?AO0/!_A/1M/\.^%ONBZ7X<\-Z!I%K'9:5HFA:+90:;I.D

HT%3A/'9AB:5&FHX?

MBL)2KX7&K)HU

MLXG SQ&-_%GXU?M=?$3PUJ_QWT/QS^T?:_LQ?![3/VY?AA\$-9_::FTCX0:=








M_P %






M1?#V=OAIXS\'Z?8W'A;Q1_5-17''FC0Q-*_O5\?0Q2FG5LJ%+#4J$L+-2JRJ
M*]6$L1#ZI6P6#]IR/%8#%S^LU

L

MCF.&RJ.#I86


M_A2V\-^+_$.DVGC3Q%XD^F?V\OB[^UE^RUX5_9Z\)Z?^VEX?\&Z/\7]9^+'B
MKQ_^UE^TW\3_ -F/]DCP;X)\6:-H?@2]^'?[/7AGXB:I_P $^?VHO@WH?ACQ



M'PK^
LWA[XYPZUJ^KV
H\.#0OUNF6;3/V^/@J_AVWBC3QE^Q5\7X_BU/:HOF

M&/'_ 
0/BCI.D7(\??$^W\)Z?XQ\1ZEKOB'7;JZT;P+87MAX3\-Z+;ZYJNHV


7&-6G/ZO2A&

-%5'.K3AET
TC6C)UJN&YL#3H8# 9;1KQ^J85*C
MJX7#8=VMA
'##QI252=#$UYRX1^M8FO'V\6IRJ\-5
VI3E]8K_VMBJ#KUJN%
MP=&E'T&BBBN
RBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** OCOQ/_ ,C+XA_[#FK?^E]Q7V)7QWXG_P1E\0_]AS5

MS%-#'P7_  \Y_8=_Z+=_YC;XN_\ S U]Z45]MA






M6_%F_P#BKXA@_8JO? _QO^%OP_\ V/\ PC\0+F]31-1T31OA=\2/$WEV=MX@


M@H4Z%1QPN#IX:G1H8?Z&O[:
YNC.%9SP&

MYCC\3:5)XFAT=[Q)/#S:D+;3_B#X9?\ !/K]I;PG\'_$?P^\:?M5? SQ5\0;

/#WBBY^)G[14WBS]M#XHP_&#0/

%E0JT<3@:ZP\)8RCC%4HXNEB*65Y=@\:L)CL_
MQ-


9=
M ^$GAOP7K/[$?[4VOZY\2-2O_P!FOX?_ !JO-'A_;FMOC'X?_9/\&?$F^U/Q

M37OBC\2/CQX2_:$^*GQ1\
_#6]\)^&?$/C'PM\6O 'Q @TSPU\-=2^(_C'4_

_P!FWXQ?$+XN








5AIU8

33EF&#RS.
M

:5*6#K?E7_P^T_X)B_\ 1S/_
M )AG]H+_ .=11_P^T_X)B_\ 1S/_ )AG]H+_ .=17ZJ45\S]3XX_Z*+A3_Q#
M

M;_PL7_A77_-_P#9?\ %&?$'PC_ &/_ 
)=_;__  CW_(]^%/#']H?VA_PC

M\
2?&S2[_P&T?PA/AOQ9\4I?!WP_P#TRKQKQ/\ 3_A(_CE\)/C1_PD'V/_
M (5;X(^+_@W_ (1O^R?M']N_\+6O/AE=_P!I?VQ_:4']F?V#_P *Y\O['_96


MS'

M9U#P=\0[_P&Z_9_B)I/P\2Z9\


UCQ;\4%^#7A_X=:Y^R




#PQ^T+





*_AK




ML\R[$RQ&6X+*

.=9T3XK?&3X:?&S1K/X<_$GXO? 'Q
M9X!\5__X5^#_AKH<VF_$WX(_$SP1XZO)1)X6F\0QR6NKZ)9PSZE#:3Z9?3:
M5;:G+VG[(7[



M].5\*_&3_@I9^Q/^S_\ $CQ'\(_BY\:?^$2^(?A+^R/^$@\/_P#N?BUKW]G
M_P!O:#I?B;2?^)MX9\!ZSH=W]KT/6=-O?]U*Y\C[3]FN?)NX;BWB^ZJ*\[-


W'B;PKXD^M;KTU5=.%


M;X/_ +2OPP_:(TWXC7OP-OM?\7CX;^*?%/@#4M5\2?#OXL_#;P/JGCWP?KGB



MQ



OBQX?^'WP'US

M#0+CPK\


MB\SE-96556^M4)4';#?6*
:SK6=6-%8+/Z68XI4X?N%4S#&SX5S+#89PKX?*
M\3A\ZRW!4L/E'L8YKRWQ^/W[0?PX_;)^#/PIU3Q-^S/K7PX^.OCC6OW@[X

_%/[3&O^-[_XAZ?X7M_!'A?XA:%:?#[7_ UG

?A;6?&'[0GA?5_V

M2T2_^ 6I?$O6-

M4
%4HU*LX^YK/%SQZGAXSQ4:4H.IAL31RZO@,FR?:JV\94]G!QPZPM//S+
MEJ8Q8K


=7L/PG^/GPE^./]O\


^I_%[P_;^.O#$GQLTN_^&T?PA/AOQ9\4I?!WP_\
M;]

S:/\ '7]J
MS3/'T'C+XR?#KPS_ ,)'J6@'0? &@?L]_$3QOX+M-&\.?$'XN^)9U\2:QXH^
M0BZ\*?)R4YRCEV82=24I*<\;@*/U?(<+&+YTHXV,?;YIBI34\1C:]:M6JT:




_P .O GPL^'?CCXD?$37OC_X.^(W
MQN/$D_A:P34M,\:%I?@GXD?!ZP^'UAK%G;ZD;_ .*NI^)/B/=:/?'3M.L?

/_  2P?]G[XC^%/B.WC']FOPP/#'[0NH?'5/AI^R=^QO#^
MRE\'-E[^R[XJ_9L_X1_2_ D7QX^+;Z9K-T_B9_'NN^-+C6]5FUF]M3H0T*P@




M-XF^*?CFW7Q9KM]:?#W0X/@IH 
FD^%)OB5(-*O/'.NR6O[&/Q+;XS'Q/K7Q
MV\'ZI\-8^-WA/\ :@\8?!F'X(ZK8^++[X^^$_ ?AWPU:7/A3XKM\:;S2?_




*\

M#5SO 8J=6KB
M^%_AG\2O\ A6GC35/C^


M]QA*N+KQJ8BMA


U3'XVIE?'OAC@\LJ8




E

/\ 9KIK7P^/B2P\0^&O$^L:.O@'5+/0!XNA\=^$??*1
MAN5EZ;@1GTR



'?@)\??B/^TU^T%X@TJU






O8Q

MOP$:2E&\/[/4ZU6I:*JR@JM?&/'5*RK_ *G_  ?_ &E?AA^T1IOQ&O?@;?:_
MXO'PW\4^*? &I:KXD^'?Q9^&W@?5/'O@_7/$/A+Q#H/AGQ[XU^'FF:#XYL_#


Y99C


E\
ZC]


M@^Q_\*M\$?%_P;_PC?\ 9/VC^W?^%K7GPRN_[2_MC^TH/[
_L'_A7/E_8_[*
NSFUT




T?PWX6U75;NRTK4[^V8ZA

+8++PU=ZFL&IP#2+/7
M]'TXQS)0]HVE3;DE-OW&XR4)14MFXR:C)7T?NNTFDZL]-'=SY$K.]^6M-]/L
MK#U;KXOW<WRN-.I*'M%%?*\_[5'@33O%L_\ :FH7I^&VH?'X;_%/PWXGTGP





(HKJ[LI;VYO_ (BMJ%]+


12I




M82G4PU*
6ZF+C&6'@]'.

M/KVDV/B*W^P^'[GX9?$GXGZYXD

MYYEHZW






'M\56I.%*IG'QN<H5J;C#

I).7NN:EHZ=.-:H_LPI23:G*7PJ-EJV_=^U:Z/2Z*\/N/VC?A%:1




M


MJ5=X:3E+91=:T(R=E)R@EK)(]'HKY^N_VC/AEX7\'^%?$7B?Q7?:W'K?@.T\


M%\ :WHT/BWQG9Z5J?@[P_J^L^*?%=]H^BPZUJOAUK]%TVSMK.YO&:XN[46ZC



#-5U+PY::=\1-!TX%I]6^']SXFL



MHHHH *^._$__ ,OB'_L.:M_Z7W%?8E?'?B?_D9?$/\ V'-6_P#2^XH ^D/#
MOB+P_!X?T*&;7='AFAT?3(I8I=3LHY8I8[*!)(Y(WG#I(C JZ, RL& ((K8
M_P$G\-_]##H?_@VL/\ Y(HHH /^$G\-_P#0PZ'_ .#:P_\ DBC_ (2?PW_T
M,.A_^#:P_P#DBBB@ _X2?PW_ -##H?\ X-K#_P2*/\ A)_#?_0PZ'_X-K#_
M .2*** #_A)_#?\ T
.A_P#@VL/_ )(H_P$G\-_]##H?_@VL/\ Y(HHH /^
M$G\-_P#0PZ'_ .#:P_\ DBC_ (2?PW_T,.A_^#:P_P#DBBB@ _X2?PW_ -##
MH?\ X-K#_P2*/\ A)_#?_0PZ'_X-K#_ .2*** #_A)_#?\ T
.A_P#@VL/_
M )(H_P$G\-_]##H?_@VL/\ Y(HHH /^$G\-_P#0PZ'_ .#:P_\ DBC_ (2?
MPW_T,.A_^#:P_P#DBBB@ _X2?PW_ -##H?\ X-K#_P2*/\ A)_#?_0PZ'_X
M-K#_ .2*** #_A)_#?\ T






W^I:N+:


LQZ?\ $/0_B?\ &OX9?$'3/BGH&O:!XUUO2_ V
MH^$?B%JEMJUE?:;IUK!XFO/C+XP\/Z3H7AO3M4UWT7PUHW@G3M(M9KJYU*&
M&+5=2UR^U;L/#'AK7]$/C'Q+JGQC^&NM?$WQ%X
,XRJ87#U72=-UJ-.MR^TBI%/P;X9\;^!?A-X&^'VA?'3X5#7O



^U6OV+9=E%3/WXJ


M-05.GR4VX-R;G/VDM9N

MW3[#XT_#/3/AU\;-1M+CQCX?O_ 1USQC:V$G@3PM\/M=L?#OC&3XJV'ARRGU

M/AQXQTR^\2^ +'Q?\4_#









#KF6#Q;K=SJQTCPG\8HO[/A

?9:TG*#4VYSC-Z.
7&

MG+JZ?-HY2;Y'5OA1=W7A[Q1X2M/BC\%K_P /:I\1O$'Q%\*KXU^&^J^(-=\&


?&2RMM.TW5M


Z/H

MC4+JPUV.UO+K2+:!RBJDW)0C/WXP=.RG[ZDJ565:







M?\)/X;_Z&'0__!M8?_)%'_3^&_^AAT/_P &UA_\D444 '_3^&_^AAT/_P;
M6'_R11_PD_AO_H8=#_\ !M8?_)%%% !_PD_AO_H8=#_\&UA_\D4?\)/X;_Z&
M'0__  ;6'_R1110 ?\)/X;_Z&'0__!M8?_)%'_3^&_^AAT/_P &UA_\D444
M '_3^&_^AAT/_P;6'_R11_PD_AO_H8=#_\ !M8?_)%%% !_PD_AO_H8=#_\
M&UA_\D4?\)/X;_Z&'0__  ;6'_R1110 ?\)/X;_Z&'0__!M8?_)%'_3^&_^
MAAT/_P &UA_\D444 '_3^&_^AAT/_P;6'_R11_PD_AO_H8=#_\ !M8?_)%%
M% !_PD_AO_H8=#_\&UA_\D4?\)/X;_Z&'0__  ;6'_R1110 ?\)/X;_Z&'0_
M_!M8?_)%?*GB*6.?Q!KLT

(4D$&BB@#_]D!
end








begin 644 wings20152011a01.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  $! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!
M 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0'_
MVP!# 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$! 0$!

PLW=[.U9W:U@9F9H$+,S%69B222223D\U<_LS3?^@=8_P#@);__ !NC





MQ_\  2W_ /C=7J* */\ 9FF_] ZQ_P# 2W_^-T?V9IO_ $#K'_P$M_\ XW5Z


M - ZQ_\  2W_ /C=7J* */\ 9FF_] ZQ_P# 2W_^-T?V9IO_ $#K'_P$M_\


MBRQM?VC_ !G\
-0^

R^!+/R

6/@7]JCXEW7Q7L8O!/[%



UI_!_]

M)5


M!_LIZ5XW\6ZI\0);[P-JMW'X?^/OBZ^^'\U_)J'B]=):Z\1:3[5_P7\_8J\;
M?MS_ !(_X)G_  ?TCX=_$OQ5\.M6^.WQ


1]G-H?4991]







?A+2]5U

M%4=6)S7YE6X4I4HJ$JU.
L5BN%\#GDYQJ1P]2IG.(ISHX6G1K4




M&=SH_A^\A\=W_@^'3[^;Q19^%GU6X\/Q6-Y)JT=HEM
46
J4L)5INE?&T:E7
M.Z--PE.G&I')LBR:%?$.


S6G.E2QE
M;%NP=&G2E3_ +*/[

\8_%
MNP_9ZB?Q/XBU#Q;X[^%?A5_CWJFC:^WBZ\L?$WAG5OB-::);ZE9P2W=FNLV5

MYXN]I6Y9-QR^OCN635'!4,=&BY1Y



M:=:I@ZE;ZWA?:QAB:5/FIRJT?[
TW_H'6/\ X6__P ;H_LS3?\ H'6/_@);
M_P#QNKU%9%%'^S--_P@=8_^ EO_ /&Z/[
TW_H'6/\ X6__P ;J]10!1_L
MS3?^@=8_^ EO_P#&Z/[,TW_H'6/_ (6_P#\;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_P#@);__
M !NC^S--_P@=8_^ EO_ /&ZO44 4?[,TW_H'6/_ (6_P#\;H_LS3?^@=8_
M^ EO_P#&ZO44 4?[
TW_ *!UC_X6_\ \;H_LS3?^@=8_P#@);__ !NKU% %
M'^S--_Z!UC_X6__ 
;H_LS3?^@=8_\ @);_ /QNKU% %'^S--_Z!UC_ . E
MO_\ &Z/[
TW_ *!UC_X6_\ \;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_\ @);_ /QNC^S--_Z!
MUC_X6__ 
;J]10!1_LS3?\ H'6/_@);_P#QNC^S--_Z!UC_ . EO_\ &ZO4
M4 4?[
TW_H'6/_@);_\ QNC^S--_Z!UC_P EO\ _&ZO44 4?[,TW_H'6/\
MX6__P ;H_LS3?\ H'6/_@);_P#QNKU% %'^S--_Z!UC_P EO\ _&Z/[,TW
M_H'6/_@);_\ QNKU% %'^S--_P@=8_^ EO_ /&Z/[
TW_H'6/\ X6__P ;
MJ]10!1_LS3?^@=8_^ EO_P#&Z/[,TW_H'6/_ (6_P#\;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8
M_P#@);__ !NC^S--_P@=8_^ EO_ /&ZO44 4?[,TW_H'6/_ (6_P#\;KSZ




MZ
(2C^_G2A3DV^5NM)1AJD[OXG.

^CZ;XD_X1



?%_5/''Q0\%V&CZ!XHT7X?:_\/\

UC78/:;X\72M=^'5IX?\0Z!%IVO:OXNTVPBT_6]1N8K?Q)I7A2:\











M+V]O0C*TJ])35THRD_AA3G


O


M%.5*-2RBJB=.IR55*$??J*\B\:?&GPIX$C\5RZU;:LR^$?#/@SQ1?O#_ &+:



:CX5T
M#Q)XLO?B9/XKMO#NA:/J/P\M[YIO!%Y]@\4H-5U[Q[HOA'6&TRY#M$GA/Q-X
MC?5["ZUK0UU/1+.[U*?Q%^TI\-?#'Q-L_A7J5XPU^XU/P]H=W.-;\$6RZ9
MK?BI;5MTR7P[J7BVP\?ZN;U=1TIGU/POX-U_0K%=2B;4=5M%L=9.F/E?/G
M;]Y4J.C3CUG-.



$T]_#G

M7VL(J3I\K4[3A5C3]=HKQ/1?CAI6L^)[#P^/!GCK3M.U;QEXO\ :3XQU&V\+







WBXIOFI^SKU4XVW<J6
M&KU(07OSA2G.




M.F_:PIU()N-5.46]+1C3E5E*?2$(TX3FZDVJ?+&4E)I-GT+17A.G_'[PUXA\



=6$.A:I+%8S(+



M5&5=*SY_9PPU#%RO'=35'$4I*E*U27


M=.WQ\TFTT76]1UKP)\0_#^LZ)-X$#^]2LOEQXHUQ^)/B+POX0U73?[$\


7+W4W!TU)MRM:




M2VL&MM6U7P;K-S)#=23ZSI7V*ZH7O./(U*
ES*:NH\LL#/
8-\R4X^TPL5.


M:Q2Z';QMK$NJW-P;*ZM4\*^)FATZX2RM?MO(:1^TK\--:^*-Q\)[&\:37HM4






6\=^'+/Q
GAS6/#EEJ2Q7.E1:QJ
M?@K5VU72[FVM[NRUK3[_ 


MN9;6TG6OO73C*
Z-/D:?/.6(E4A2]FDGS\TJ=FHMRA[2ESQC[6%W_+9IQE&M
M-SYDH06'4)5G4E)KD5.









M^$'Q(^&?Q1\:_%W]I#XM:UXDO=




T.75;&/6-1T?0;K1;'7-6
ML-


MBW


DE*C3A3<9)Q<8I-:%*<DYM2:=2;J3:W=1XA8KGONIK$Q



MNFR312:]H\.E)K.ZVC\26.MV^E:+!IOWC]KM?^?FW_[_ $?_ 
51]KM?^?FW




M_P 51]KM?^?FW_[_ $?_ 


E&5Y1
<:5:@E
MIM3=*O4IRIQM4'R-.%XOY$T_P"5GIV@_[P[%:^*)K#X2R64GAYKB&-Y]0

M74
ZM97M]9W
MMO)JFC:CI.FZC;-?V=[8S7-HB7MC=6CS6LGUG]KM?^?FW_[_ $?_ 
51]KM?










MXYT
_#== ;P9XMTM+'_A*='O/#^E3:%!?DZCX?U#PWJ$U_HEWJ.E:K:ZGX;O

MYM_^_P!'_P#%4?:[7_GYM_\ O]'_ /%4Y_O/:


M1T'Q+#;65F+_ $G5M2M[8V+31RPT;[]FG0KN[^(6I6\7C/3-5^(GB#P?XHNM

MX@_X5W+\

M3M


M]/V3DVW/D]I4J_&WSJ3JUJLW-2YW*I-N3YG?Y$L_@G:60\.B.W\5./#7Q$\8





MZ#=7\VJZ+:7.H+=:!-8W7F7$8LHHY%6/CY/V=9&L+5D\2_$N+QC;^
YO'K_$




N?FNYWISG'W^:W/-JSDV


MCQ%X?BU33=-M8KR.28W
]Q]A?:[7_GYM_P#O]'_\51]KM?\ GYM_^_T?_P 5





M;_A&/B+XP^)MAYD49\[7O&W_  FO]JVEYMTI/
TBW_X3S5_[/MX?L]Y%]FTW


MO]'_ /%4?:[7_GYM_P#O]'_\52LM+I.RY;-73C^[?))/24+T:



M:\\2_%;6-%C^''B_X4:#I.I#PRMKX4\%^
H]&@O[+19-

MEZGXFN_$-\D

^'?$7AFP@6V86
UAXF

?:[7_GYM_P#O]'_\



8I'Q]HGP6U+P]XEO=9TC


M2C%1J


%-7U#0O%%S;:EJEA

M-7FL^.[



/[
\5O$(#]O?:[7_





M_4UUC4?MFMRRKI\MA]M?:[7_ )^;?_O]'_\ %4?:[7_GYM_^_P!'_P#%4U*2

M+_?C_P+H.O^$F\2_#NT\.:E;^)M(U:YT#S]2U6R^(OPY\36]EJ&L+X4T75;


M2=E65-559W7ONC1DW;F4J


M+TVQTFVT]NK_   _X2/2ET_Q+J_Q$U^\;P+\1OA_=Z]?QZ/%J]_I7Q.N=(N=
M=O9TT[PM8:/!J5A_8EE;ZFFZ38Z1I]H'@ETF[40^5]I?:[7_GYM_P#O]'_\
M51]KM?\ GYM_^_T?_P 53VVLM6TDDE^'^J.-.*25.'U:U#D@HP]G&G'EM3A
MRD92A.%2+:J0;E&;UFY.K*NY2D[RG+V\ZE;FFY/VM6M4OS5JKG\HW?P?M+SQ



MVTJ%+9);2;+\*_ [6_!MG=:5H7C?XKQ:#%HVH:%X4TYMO-YIO@*SO)XIK-

6TM(TZE2K&'^#GJU)2A\
^9J:DK)?)_P[^$3?#FQUVWL%\2
MZU?^)_$E]XL\1:UJ^DZ+8WNKZ]J-O96EU?S:?X0\-^%O#5K--!I]K]IDTW0;




MX_NS[7:_\_-O_P!_H_\ XJC[7:_\_-O_ -_H_P#XJJBW%IQTY:D:L4DHJ
Z?

MBO9U934I2IJ
;KV=)P^0;_X+W6K?$/0_B)K&H^

M]OJU*

M[(U;_H%ZC_X W/\ \:KV_PUVO\ S\V__?Z/_P*H^UVO_/S;_\ ?Z/_ .*H


MW/\ \:KW1)$D&Z-TD7.-R


MVZ1T=2KHZSR*RLK %65@0RD @@@C-?:=?'?B?_D9?$/_ &'-6_\ 2^XH ^J/


M*
W0HTL/2=:FH^RKRA0H4J2E6A4;A%Q;:E/F^&T_85\-CX=7/A^3XY_'2?XS

M_P$4E^'3WW.@S^+[NZ\6S?1WP3^$'AWX%?#?1/AOX:U+7M?@T^]\2:_KOB


M-?&XG$8?!Y?Q%E3QSP]+82M1P6
X?S%UXX2CB'4H5JF)E7^NJ*_*+_ (9)


M^.?P&:



L]SC
M+)
ZX


MK_PD_P 7_AQX
WS\!Q=_;X+S[#;@D[;N3S(W W849P?\+N_X*$:KG^S_ -AW
MP3X4\PB&/_A*/VEO!NN_9I.

WL







7B(KF^M8/0EAJF)_3:BOSU3_@HM\/?3Q6O
M[0/P@^/W[.EQO6&?5O'_ 
--7U3P4TK


UX&XOR3#_ %W


MY.Z2K8&FW)2BM8R2]EHHHKY0^XLZR_X^=8_[
7_IITNM&LZR_X^=8_[,7
M_IITN@#1HHHH **** LZ7_D+67_ &#M4_\ 2G1ZT:SI?^0M9?\ 8.U3_P!*
M='H T:*** BHIIX;:&6XN)8H(((WEFGF=8H88HU+/)+(Y5(XT4%G=VJH))


MY\?=$F*RB$G2/





M996TI9ADV883
\%4:2;4

ZR_X^=8_
M[,7_IITNM&LZR_X^=8_[
7_IITNM&@ HHHH **** 
[5/^/:+_ +.C_\
MIVLJT:SM4_X]HO\ L(Z/_PG:RK1H **** BBB@ K.LO^/G6/\ L(Q?^FG2
MZT:SK+_CYUC_ +
7_IITN@#1HHHH **** LZ7_ )UE_V#M4_]*='K1K.E
M_P0M9?]@[5/_2G1Z -&BBB@ HHHH **** ,[1_^03I?_8.LO_2:*M&L[1_^
M03I?_8.LO_2:*M&@ HHHH **** .!U'_ )NI_\ 7Q;_ /INL:JU:U'_ )N
MI_\ 7Q;_ /INL:JT %%%% !7QWXG_P1E\0_]AS5O_2^XK[$KX[\3_\ (R^(


M






M


M&5:CF.7X;
J-6G&45)0IT
9AJ=;VBIN&)G/#Q4ZN'Q2H8U(3I1I2J1LJTYP3

1_

MYT^
4(9MQ?D&-A:
:V 4I3C2_.3XN_LX:-^V#KZ^+OV7?V%M;_9Y\
M7M.]UI'[5_B'Q/JG[+VL6%W*P/\ ;NG^!OAY)_;/B\W^\W
/B&]TS4KIHHE\
MR*.28*J_$G]@C_@IA::%X476/VHK+]LKP5H=EM\5_ CQKXO\8_!6Y\301^?C



7GBH/

'IOV=?VB?B7H&L
M6TUEJ6D'X(1:SH&K:=-\H74['7=5BM;K2[S@%+FTF#+S+;#&VOSA\5_LH^?






$)&F1V$%Y8^$XKZ*&
MX,)&WDO(+B
B=9(P7:./T;3OV'OV1[6Z&H:MX57QAJN &U/QE\0?%.OW$H$





MJ2MK=O+^ :%
--+TB?3XS&8FF_TJ^E5)DF25W C3J__PW5^V;X7N_LVL?!W1OV@O#
M5NZ1)X@\+_#[XN?SQ/<D8


T+='@LGPB:M&HIQC%+\Z+O_ (*6

,@Y+JGZ9R:IHTJ/%+J.ER1R(T<D<EW:.DB.KHZ-(59&4E
M65@0P)!!!KQNQ^#/[/$.NZYKP^%'P8BUF^U&*:;6AX%\#IJ=YC2K.'S9-1&E
MB[N

M69Y37G25.-[59UL8YNRE26Y]#CL]RZEB
%3RG@/*



MSFHWE&

P[@+$JW+
M:J^IBT4WA*

MEXM^SB1PL;3_ /#64'FBW5)))_(^:9)X!JR131MO?\



M]+/-
(<F^
M\7?L;?#RVE(

^-S?


M+/VA?VP_'I9M\A\8?'_5[PS


N GB;V;?%W'%3'7VUJOBKBR
MO?W7JZM_W6K?LDV8


M]L:?=^(25E?S&+-K][J;.X;B.1RTD2?NHF2+Y*YS_AJKXT77SZ5^R!XZFA7Y




\7QW@
SUVU^J8S




MH%3XB?L4?LC?$:SL8I_ GASP3JNDI'_ &+XG^%VJ?\ N?$6E3PMNBO8[OP


MZTGA
&98
M=7U35)5\M;4ZY#IVDP2HLDRM&98Y;UC_ ,%]/\  5U#HW[5OP2^)'[/%^9%






M(3B50/L/^V-)_P@IIW_ (&VW_QVC^V-)_ZFG?^!MM_\=H_UDX7E_$\/
DA


?W./X.XBX=O\ !F'#G$\

KHZAE92&5E895E89!



M9F[[*=7
*M?AJ+OI:/$LY7^SRM

G^S/$VB)JVEW-G@
4O[PZ; P1R=HVEOJ+PU\2/A[XRL1J7A

M-LES#!X6H_W..EAY5


T
MZ
LA
F&42(Z%ER-Z
N=RD#Y\^6.@HK._MC2?^@IIW_@;;?\ QVC^V-)_ZFG
M?^!MM_\ ': -&BL[^V-)_P@IIW_ (&VW_QVC^V-)_ZFG?^!MM_\=H T:SI
M?^0M9?\ 8.U3_P!*='H_MC2?^@IIW_@;;?\ QVJ$FJZ8=3LY!J-@8UL-11G%
MY;[%=[C2F16;S-H9UCD*J3E@CD A6P =!16=_;&D_P#04T[_ ,#;;_X[1_;&
MD_\ 04T[_P #;;_X[0!HT5G?VQI/_04T[_P-MO\ X[1_;&D_]!33O_ VV_\
MCM &C16=_;&D_P#04T[_ ,#;;_X[1_;&D_\ 04T[_P #;;_X[0 :/_R=+_[

I ((((S

$^*<XBIY3PWGV94VN;VF!RC'XJDH

4Y2DDFSWW4?^0KJ?\ U\6__INL:JUYG\-OBYHWQBAU


RS%U\!CZ$\+C

MB9GEF/R;'XG+

M _Q];_M

MW^




&;74]8N;/PUX<T#0;?3M&L?5J*N
G%2E
M!1A3JSHU)PC



MP+\??^F_PQ?I'C*Z\2::ND?L0?\%O$MCJ'A74[;1]6BU+0/CS_P $T-,T
MTK?S:??RQ116_C36V(@$,WFR1%)DC\^.X^PO^& _V?+OCQ)'\1_&*GR)XG^
M*/C6Z6:






M-\1/$#



ME:491=U*





;=DNN^.KL^

XNIEJU7:]7%9?1YLGS
MHVDW+

DIX[@_






M\B^!WQW^%7[1_P .-#^*_P &_%^F^

MT/7M.

M4A6H5Z-2*E3JT:M-RA4ISBU*

7_ *:=+H T:*** BBB@ K.E_YUE_V#M4_P#2


M
32DG&24HR34HM7335FFGHTUHT]&CX9\8?\ !/?]E/QWXAUSQ/#\.7^'OC!M

;F[S_
(<-F*P44M(/ O#5*3]ZE.G-*2_-<7X0^'U?
M$UL=E^0_ZKYGB*DJU?-.
PS/@C

1B)/FE7QF(X5QF4O





C


MR7.

M5*E7AW/\XR25:ZKQRW

5A*6)@URRIXNA1J1HXNE./N5*.)IU:52'N3A*+L?
M$W_HOVM_APV_P%_PT-H_Q/T: ?N/7[0'AMKJ\VIG(?X@^$Q#XAO;B:/:

BWDAF7S2C@

MO
^//^%X_MB?]&


MPS_T9WPX_P##IXN__33/BO\ X7C^V)_T8S_YLU\+O_E35)_C=^V =0M7/[#V
M)5LK]4A_X:7^%Y\R-Y]-




8=/

\/LUJO#8/@O



CA$#
0HQT57C.+
ML@I8K$2X?X X9P&%E6J2PD\UJ9YGV.ITI2O3A7_M#.:F4U94UIS0RFE&;NY1





_$;XF?'[XL&7!NK?QS\6M=
METZ4L2\T



MK-LUDW=RS+

MF4G*][N6

M3=8U5KR3P@HHHH *^._$_P#R
OB'_L.:M_Z7W%?8E?'?B?\ Y&7Q#_V'-6_]
M+[B@#ZH\



'BJ


M6\EUA]7T[ZN_9R^



MLP#_ (*2?^M%?\$I*_2.L@BBB@ HHHH *SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_])HJT:SM'_Y!
M.E_]@ZR_])HJ -&BBB@ HHHH SM8_P03JG_ &#KW_TFEK1K.UC_ )!.J?\
M8.O?_2:6M&@#\K?CG^QK\2_@Y\1=;_:O_P?5SI/A#XIZHXU#XQ?LZZG*FG

M_;)^&G[5NA:U!HUIJWP_^+G@.X_LCXO? KQQ$VF?$;X8^(H9/LUW::KIES#:


JO@OXH:1&CVWC3P1J40.GW%OJ5K?76F6LK
MI;Q7^E/J'A_5OA
5DN8\-XBOFW-%8C8BK/$YOPBZD*&%QE2I)SKYAP_4J.


M(1J3H8BA5ISP^






SC)
GX
MAR^OE.?95EV=97BDHXC+LUP6'S#!5DMO:8;%4ZM&;B]8MP;B]8M/4_./_A3'

TK
EO'*$9J^\:Y7QGX&\&?$70+O

7'B#]C/XW^+O@1<
M27$M[<?SQ'+<?$?X':Q-*[2SPGPMX@FNM1\
S7SNR3ZQI5Y?7-G!MBTNRLR
MB.M=/VQ_B]\#F33OVS?@%K7A'1X

M




/B


MH+7]7^%__!

MT^4@RZ#X

UW+&;S4


M+1--4B]7O?A?_P $Q=%\1^

[./2_V?_AC
M-


-M;0Q6



M^/?']#1\3\3Y;C\M\&\AQ4='/A[@K'0P'$7B+5HRM/#9IQW#ASAV4XSH8[P[

/=+D\$-S
M#-;7

5Q;W$4D$\$\:RPSPRH8Y89HI R2Q2HS))&ZLCHQ5@02*^ /C#_ 
$M




NDW:I@7-TOPB
MUF?3OB%HFG6BXN9;S5]58FV:0I 3:2L_ZYT5X7^JGU37(L]SS)K:K#?7/[8R





M6.



MJ+Y:N+JUJ7/B?UBT?_D$Z7_V#K+_ -)HJT:_(72O@]_P61\(Z58?\(U^V)^R

M\%IO '_  D7[.?[#/QA,3$R?\*F^+?Q*^'_ -J19 Y6V_X6E;7/D-)#-'C

'WOE-/

MNW#OCC]'[B2[M3:\0
;P6JG9W\4N'. 513O_ 
Q/L&OM*-G;]::*_)0_MP_\




MEBU[P_XHOVN1:VLB7-^(=.)M

?



M3A)/9QE%N




M'EIXCUN2TU[0]:^






LQ^JR
MFI2PD

MJT:* 

[^R-)_Z!

S1EF9F)+

MUT%9VC_\@G2_^P=9?^DT5 !_9&D_] O3O_ &V_\ C5']D:3_ - O3O\ P!MO

M1Z9J




_;7M-)@L/ ?Q&03^S__P 96D1K?P%\
M2(K:-5FU.^G&F:HL4]W?W4T%K/XOUO\ 8:N#^)WPO^'_ 
9O WB'X:_%'PGH
M_C;P-XJL9-/USP]KEJ+FSNH7^:.:)P4N;#4;*8)=Z9JNGSVNIZ5?PV]_IMW:

I9'Q93I4Z5:M5ISJ91Q'A:'\



L=_&D8:SMR$0Z9ITA5




)OD



OQ$%&CF^28JHI+!YO@U[&;3PV*IX+
*6)P-#K/[(T
MG_H%Z=_X VW_ 
:H_LC2?^@7IW_@#;?_ !JM&BOI#ZXSO[(TG_H%Z=_X VW_
M 

MI3H] !_9&D_] O3O_ &V_P#C5']D:3_T]._\ ;;_P-5HT4 9W]D:3_ - O
M3O\ P!MO_C5']D:3_P! O3O_  !MO_C5:-% &=_9&D_] O3O_ &V_P#C5']D

S1EF
M9F)+

M ;;_ .-4?V1I/_0+T[_P!MO_ (U6C10!S^HZ7IB6\;)IM@C&_P!*0E;.W4E)
M-3LXY%)$8.UXV9'7HR

K D$$$$$@C%:=?














M8? 'Q?9O$\C[889/[


#;QN]P#&/9/ G[1'[




6O:%HVMQ&
PF/5]+LM2C
3




MS6G3Y?:+#XB5.E4H8N@I06


9@Z#E#F^BX4XVRGBOZWA:5/%
MY1Q!E7LX9]PKG5*&$S_)*M7F]D\5A85:U+$X'$N$W@

M



MG=VMXV9F9HRS


MN(



M%*E&


G


MMRL/PQ_R+7A[_L!Z3_Z06];E !17SS\2_P!IGX?_  K^






M[#VU%5N25:DIS-.E*

M  4D_P#6BO\ @E)7Z1UD(**** BBB@ K.T?_D$Z7_V#K+_TFBK1K.T?_D$Z
M7_V#K+_TFBH T:*** BBB@#.UC_ )!.J?\ 8.O?_2:6M&L[6/\ D$ZI_P!@

MB3^WM:_9@^)^FR^*OV9/$&I3Z7ID]\NA6-C%_P ))\+I=5N/WMY?^&/MUR(Q


ZD\'C(PA3Q


KV09DBOO!&L37U_X+NKYBT4WB#PX^HS:59[;?P_HVF%4D7P




=K]

E#F-?.7&


ETG47$V+RC
%!_\ 3G+L14_Z=6NUY7^OF+QN




9G/&.
C%VNZN!PE#A#4ZD=5[.EF^+IW2?MFG9?!0_X*8^*/'Z
ME/V;/V$/VO\ XR[SBS\2^)_!6G_!3X;ZCOQY1LO'/C2]NU?(*R3;186MX9(

M.D4V&KZ%K$_B*V2W*67[NVB:]4-=79-T4DCT/\ A,O^POP^XU[X

\02*OEG4TC_@K]^P\U_!HOC[QMX\^7B*X81IX?\ C-\(


M
5&UH\5\'X#'5*B6ZE7X7S#@^G4E=*I'2C!OF]C-+D?@_@+]KW]E;XHB%?

MA'61%DC971U5T=&1T8!E964D,K @JP)!!!!Q7Q_X]_X)]_L1_$PSR^+_P!E
MKX*75W=%C=:GHW@71O6LW+





'0C+$8J5


M]KGX=:M!\:?VFK3]E'P+XDMW33-+M? ?A70/C=K&ES



-AJR]GB\CX6R'&X['4_:X?\ UIX9QD%5AZ8/

;E_9=_9X\1PWOQ;\7Z/*1(NG?&/XY112QV-





\+_Q$



;?H4CK(BR1LKHZJZ.A#
M(Z


MT+JOA

//%9%FV!S2E2G[+$?5*\)UL)6
M5^;#XW#-K$X'%0::J8;%TJ.(IM.


_V1=%^)7B.U^
'PJ\3WWP/
M_:-T$_V'\5?MO%Y6O1QJFWP_\ $G0


4MY! D




YX#J8G%T\/2



M.TD6N:M#B
3:UJJ3%IHHI +VZL[75F_)L[\1

M60M4_LZEG6+HSR]^
?LS_M&?%_XW?$7QU!XQ^'\7A[P2NEC7O#VK0Z/K.G-:



MQ%/4\'A*E:%'X.






UQE:I*I.=I3A&BJ5.E3A'\@/AU^PC^TK\


M%O$?Q ^!'[*NE:OX.UO6OA[^T'K7Q






M 

MK1HH Y_5=-MX]
U%UDORR6%XX#ZKJDB$K;R$!HY+QHW7(^9'5D895E*DBK_]

MV7;?\]=1_P#!QJW_ 


M_P#DVC^R[;_GKJ/_ (.-6_\ DVM&B@#GM6\*:#KVF7VBZY8G6='U2UFLM3TG

UK=VL\9*36]Q%)%(A*NC D5^:/C/\ X)BZ%X'U

@XFA0_MC+J=?$8.4IX#
:%2O









OV;OA9HNI66

SJCS%W56'UX      !@


^J8#+_=6G[WA&IS.

M7=E\-[J6-S3Q:I%$&?RPA013;@_P:_Q!^(F9?VJ/V]/VIOC5'/S?^#_




U979]2_V7;?\]=1_\'&K

M)^S!^R_^R;HMV!LU']H'XNZQ\9?%T-DP&R]M-'^#MI9Z1::K+&1/'I6N;XK-


F2BQL)?*TSQA%<:OX@O

M\&?!US:[A)IFN?&W0+36V9)?(DCM]!/B=M9O)HI-RRPVEC/+&$D:1%6*1E^0


!W6^H^(? .B^-
M]8MF


MDDK2Q.58#A+Q4QM2DW?FH8;B/!U6FE'&Q:;E^3W_  \5^
?C@A/@/_P3)_;I














L;-'+%(K)(C
KJ5)%?G-\4_\ @E]^SMXJ\37/
MQ
Z[\
)UN?#'BZ[546.WT?P49]2NI)&NKW
M6


5B

MB

M83D\KQM/XW_:0_9)M


@@C!
M!!X((X(/!%?F#^T#\#K_ /91M?&_[5/[*_B;3_ADVDVY\0_%'X'ZG9W]Y\'?



7[0?@GX/BPTBZ2_\ %OQ!

MPQ&(S&M4HTL#2Q%2M2C/]IX(C5\1\-D6*X+P^(SVGQ'E^%S7*EA:
E.K@
5A

M:5;O=ZEJVJ^(]0L=/L;9





CR?AO*L%D?#^




J4



MIX[#4ZCM:$\1@JM+%T(RM*MA:E/$4U*E.
W'-%.
6TI3]NH*ZO/ZK6^K8KE6

ME-_9_[, _X*2?\ K17_  2DK](Z@84444 %%%% !6=H_P#R=+_ .P=9?\
MI-%6C6=H_P#R=+_ .P=9?\ I-%0!HT444 %%%,DD2*-Y972.*-&DDDD8)''
M&@+.[NQHB*S,QJ 22 *!I-M))MMV22NVWLDNY1UC_ )!.J?\ 8.O?_2:6


MHGP2^!GQ1\57HEF_U44=QJOASP[I5RTC-%&AM-1G0RS1Q;O

N








1_;G$.(_W+@W'4D_AJ9UFV39?3?GRY=BL\Q
%Y5

\C\*\DQ%1;*
M6$SK$82;^'%N/O+]%?'WQ]^!/PJ
@^*/QJ^$OPW
(4S#Q]\1_!W@\Q!]VPR#
MQ#K.G; ^Q]N[&[8V

MG%\-3?#_PR3\+=4: ?*WC^WUKXJB0F02%IH_B=K'BZ&8EQTDC9%C)A15@/
MEU[XW[(G[)VK6FJ:'JG[
'[/&I:+#?QI%I&H?!7X;7FEQ)_9FE2[(]/N/#4E




M)QE*

MS7EMAN+/!GA[


MP


M+_B#/!.8:\-_21\%\QG+X




MK:9I7B+_ ()8?MD6_BRZLM5AM;'PS_PA'C+PFTB?V5/
UWX]TO4X='TVV1XG



M 










M 
$P_C?':M9V]NGC#]JKQGX._9RL--6*-(O[1G\&:E-KWB;7;5Y% BM='O(K



RO#Z*3P





/DN


7_ *:=+K1K.LO^/G6/^PC%_PFG2ZT: BBB@ HHHH SM4_P/
M:+_L(Z/_ .G:RK1K.U3_ (]HO^PCH_\ Z=K*M&@ HHHH **** LZR_X^=8_
M[,7_IITNM&LZR_X^=8_[

$*^'JTZL(


M7^#=(AFU?4/AY\8/AYJ'_4?!+XV^%]UMXR^&'C*V:*XM;VRNH);:YO_  _?
MW-M:IXB\.O=0V^I6\,-Q;S6.L6.EZI8^/_L@?M?^,O$GC+5_V2OVM=(T_P'

M\\%A8QV.N:'X5^4RS
\=P]CL-PWQ)B:F+H8NI[#AKB6ORIYFU&\
FSF45&G1
)IK:VO[L-JM^B$JW]EZ+;?5]496!#+I]E<E#O@$

\OR?*\'3=7&9EFN


HQU)M3C@*Z3B
(8
M2?W3)'-ID3B*4PW6G72ZK:^W?!S]GSP9\(/MVM13:CXQ^(NOCS/%GQ-\63/J

MIVB:18Z7:)9Z7I-E;:=I]JCQ+
ZV]G:1PV\(DEDDED\N-=\LCR/EW9CTE=G#

_XF]E)2

M%=3_ .OBW_\ 3=8U5JUJ/_(5U/\ Z^+?_P!-UC56@ HHHH *^._$_P#R
OB'
M_L.:M_Z7W%?8E?'?B?\ Y&7Q#_V'-6_]+[B@#ZH\

M;E8?AC_D6O#W_8#TG_T@MZW* /SR_;-F^-4GQF_8CU+X8?LM_&3XZ^&_A-^T


_CFO@?X8_'.X_97_:0N/CI\+/VQ
MY_VF/C3X&^(/B#]CG0_BM^TQK'B[]FWXA_LVZIJ_P?@\?M=_$CX%^ ?WPZ
M\


M\*:IXH\&:3X]L/#7BJ^\*:WKWA:?Q'IFJ-X9\0:]H7V#6;_ZMHKJEBJLJ=2E

M5Z&%K4/AKQ3;S/\ \%2OV0E6^NHC_P 
!?\ !2-O
1+(O@?M$_\ !*8%


W_ 
%#KG]JX_\ !6[]


MO/\ @J]^V?XATBYA%QHVH^!/$?@3PW9744QQ).VH:-H^I6^L6[B-!;
'V6[+
M
8W;SG _/O\ 7:&)SK


:C_WZTG_ .5=?E2/^3&D:@%_P$
MM_X*!?\ !3WQG&?W\FGZU^UI=1Z

[)

M2C!SJ4_U/ND%C;S7E[XAN;.TMT




P(=OHS2_P#@G9^P
M3H_G_9/V

MR8MGOWPP^%WPS^&7AO2]

MX1^!'@75ED4





]A+UH9MC
9AXK^YCFMHP2T#_B:/QJP?N\*\291X;0


MCR8+4,+RU2Y:%.FK)ZI6L?DG$W&_&G&F(6+XQXOXHXLQ2G*JL3Q-G^;9]B

:C_WZTG_ .5='V*Y_P@QJ/_
M 'ZTG_Y5UHT5W'RYG?8KG_H,:C_WZTG_ .5='V*Y_P@QJ/_ 'ZTG_Y5UHT4
M 9WV*Y_Z#&H_]^M)_P#E75SL[@W&J@:K?J5OXU9ECTS,A_LS3FWONTUE# ,
M(P(PB;(U)0R%W?H*SK+_ (^=8_[
7_IITN@ ^Q7/_08U'_OUI/_ 
JZ/L5S
M_P!!C4?^_6D__*NM&B@#.^Q7/_08U'_OUI/_ 
JZ/L5S_P!!C4?^_6D__*NM
M&B@#.^Q7/_08U'_OUI/_ 


M:C_WZTG_ .5=:-% &=]BN?\ H
:C_P!^M)_^5='V*Y_Z#&H_]^M)_P#E76C1







1_H.I7
%
M%PZ(?
)Q/B
M9/%4_98G)L@^L9#PO<)1G3E5XFS'QS[&5<-7A&K%Y+DN52IUJ5+$Y7Q)H

?C5I=


M^



NJW\8:PLV$:1Z84C!MXR$4R::\A51\JEW
M=\ ;G9LDW_L5S_T&-1_[]:3_ /*NC1_^03I?_8.LO_2:*M&@#.^Q7/\ T&-1
M_P_6D__ KH^Q7/_08U'_OUI/\ \JZT:* 


M?^E]Q7V)7QWXG_Y&7Q#_ -AS5O\ TON* /JCPQ_R+7A[_L!Z3_Z06];E8?AC




M[SPA(9/$WPKUV?YBZ7WA74Y)SI4EQN
(OM
)O\ E*;^
MR%_V8!_P4D_]:*_X)25^D=?%<5^'_7&CPM;/LIA4S/+^9Y3Q!E^(Q63<3Y+

H8#&\O

NSFIEW#GB+A*

;AJOASG4_^


)?G%..GDM#%8K)N*:%)UL7P=Q/@J_#_%6
M&I1;4\1'*
P5.IF. C)6CG&33S+):^DL-F-:$HR?A9]P+Q#P_A(9I5P^'S3A

XX'-*6JKX*E).*[BL[1_\
MD$Z7_P!@ZR_])HJT:SM'_P03I?_ &#K+_TFBK[X^/-&BBB@ HHHH SM8_Y!
M.J?]@Z]_])I:T:SM8_Y!.J?]@Z]_])I:T: BBB@ HHHH *SK+_CYUC_ +,
M7_IITNM&LZR_X^=8_PPC%_Z:=+H T:*** BBB@ K.E_P0M9?]@[5/_2G1





I2BG^BT_#;'Y;3ABN.

ZHY+EE9.ZS))-KU7XE?M-?!SX6W

^F128(64UY






M9*_:UTC3_AY^V%\/-/\ M#I;[;?P;\?O!MLLJVGQ6^%-VT5M;7\5_;6TMUXA




M4
?#$X8^'R?.
A&GF=/%X1_H9H__ "=+_[!UE_Z315HUG:/_P @G2_^
MP=9?^DT5:-?='Z4%%%% !1110!P.H_\ (5U/_KXM_P#TW6-5:M:C_P A74_^
MOBW_ /3=8U5H **** OCOQ/_P C+XA_[#FK?^E]Q7V)7QWXG_Y&7Q#_ -AS


MOQA^''A;X[_#WXS_ !5\




?CK]DOP5XGU
ML^
/I.GC
MLJSDTG1Q^6XGXRC)*5*O23/<R'B;/^%\7/&Y!FN
RNO5INCB%AJG^SXW#

M1C-\2?AEH_D^-[*SB52]YXD^'O\ :%C;W#I&LL]S-H
T=A:6Z&6YO&;(/LOP



^(@9W#BUT_


MEA(;RTNK\
C6]D=Q [
#XO\ #U+&8?*.-L#FOAGGV)JK#X; \:TL-@\JS+$R
*H87B3*Z=).U;%XC*_[+4U-4
QQ$(NH_I7

[RM6_Y_=._
M\%=S_P#+BJ%G'JGVC5=MY8!A?QB0MIMPP9_[



5JW_/[IW_@KN?_ )<5HT4 9WE:M_S^


5JW_/[IW_@KN?_ )<5HT4


MRCXG_'#X6?!VR6[^(/C#3-%GG3?8:*KO?^(M5);8BZ9H%@MQJMVKRXA^T):B
2WLYBC)+;OX@EN-.O+=A);

M_P#E_DV1U*-/B_BJR]^C*G@


A


C
M_9?V=OAS;V7A:XR@^
?Q9TO4/#'AQX6P%O?WAD7UWK?B*.1[VEZUO]FCGC


M
XQGAL;Q+/B?/
---TLY47RJ*OB3C
LHU

MI1Y9K
.


K;7



M_P N*/*U;_G]T[_P5W/_ 
N*T:*T(

MEAYGV#42K#3;@($%QI6]63^U269F









;EO%\1Z[&MNMN$!@:T)
IFE$XPD1'Z=:/_
M 
@G2_\ L'67_I-%6C7R^$X P-'#4*&+XAXXS*=&E3I3Q-;C;B;!5:[A%1]K


N
LR3\I+

_P 2I+2UI75M'IH?E'_PZ:\!7^!XM_:M_;?\?B4E]0'C


OB'
M_L.:M_Z7W%?8E?'?B?\ Y&7Q#_V'-6_]+[B@#ZH\











M32EQ1X=5+:JC'A+

4^-\BKPUO5J<


3G7#^98+ UG;#YK[!XG)L7=V3P6=81XC*L;%
MO12PF




M2K)&65







MCX@N ^I^)]5:1A)




FK6C8W%(1Y6
MC^$?M$:L

MJ]D\5^-;^\;_ %EV=7U$

MJ?\ I3H] &C1110 4444 %%%% &=H_\ R=+_PP=9?^DT5:-9VC_P#()TO_
M +!UE_Z315HT %%%% !1110!P.H_\A74_P#KXM__ $W6-5:M:C_R%=3_ .OB

M_#_C:/QK^UCH%G\//BUXYO?VOOV!O#G[
/[.-[\.OA)\4?BCX=T#X[Z=XG_:

M'LHM/;_VV_$?B'Q_\$_C1\)]
^#'QYUB]^$7BO\ 91\7:Q\0/#?PWN?%
EWI





M&B@#.\W5O^?+3O_!I<_P#RGH\W5O\ GRT[_P &ES_\IZT:* ,[S=6_
MY\M._P#!I<__ GJAI4FJ#3-.$=G8-&+S
;JW_/EI

6[@N]0M9[*_P!'T6^L[J-H;FTN

DB



&N65+%4:52-'%49Q]RI1




M7SQ[\DH=S9\6LOV0X--FU*'P?^T)^TIX0L;:^2ST6P^)GV[0;*U?3K8PVN

?$DWO?\8^'=6-M-&\5Q+@I<^^B@X6Y?WEVU&?]4^
MI?!XJ9'!;6Q'#/&M.5^]L/D6+7)Y\RE=-<EK-_67FZM_P ^6G?^#2Y_^4]'
MFZM_SY:=_P#2Y_^4]?)_P#PH/\ :%_Z/&\8_P#AL? __P =I/\ A2_[6_+
M'^VDXC7A!)^SM\-II @X422MJ8
9]@U$*HU&X*


V

L-AO%WPKHN.'Q.)=;

MAZ

MH

_X9K^+6MG/CC]KOXPW^_P#U_P#P@6G^'/AC
MNRX9O(&D0:D+;AYPFT-LW6X'RVJHZ_\ ##OP6U(Y\;:A\4?B62/WA\=_$[Q5

2.7Y=@\R*
XPN#ZO^M_BKCO^15X/4\NYOA_UW\0\@R?E






M;Y=C! NW;#$NW&
11C&$7#]EXZ8_XL=X3\+*6ZAE?%_'DX+JHU)9MX=1G)?9




9CC=8I)2)

9^1TAU:'3;^^=W0NRS




77RP
MC%F6
;JW_/EIW_@TN?\ Y3UHT4 <_J,FJ&WCWV=@J_;]*(*ZC<.=XU.S,:D'2D 5
MI-JNVXE$+.J2%1&U_P W5O\ GRT[_P &ES_\IZ-4_P/:+_L(Z/_ .G:RK1H
M SO-U;_GRT[_ 

M_P#RGH\W5O\ GRT[_P &ES_\IZT:* 


MM.S)L[#S/L&HA5&HW!0H;C2M[
_]E JRL(PJB-@X9R70HJR=!6=+_P A:R_[

BZ5($8K@



M $ON*^Q*^._$_P#R

?

M@E)7Z1U^;GB;_E*;^R%_V8!_P4D_]:*_X)25^D= !1110 4444 %9VC_ /()
MTO\ [!UE_PDT5:-9VC_ /()TO\ [!UE_PDT5 &C1110 4444 9VL?\@G5/

MO_33I=:-9UE_Q\ZQ_P!A&+_TTZ70!HT444 %%%% !6=+_P A:R_[!VJ?^E.C
MUHUG2_\ (6LO^P=JG_I3H] &C1110 4444 %%%% &=H__()TO_L'67_I-%6C
M6=H__()TO_L'67_I-%6C0 4444 %%%% &=9?\?.L?]A&+_TTZ76C6=9?\?.L

M'_\ 3M95HT %%%% !1110 5G67_'SK'_ &$8O_33I=:-9UE_Q\ZQ_P!A&+_T
MTZ70!HT444 %%%% !6=+_P A:R_[!VJ?^E.CUHUG2_\ (6LO^P=JG_I3H] &
MC1110 4444 %%%% &=H__()TO_L'67_I-%6C6=H__()TO_L'67_I-%6C0 44
M44 %%%% ' ZC_P A74_^OBW_ /3=8U5JUJ/_ %=3_Z^+?\ ]-UC56@ HHHH
M *^._$__ 
OB'_L.:M_Z7W%?8E?'?B?_D9?$/\ V'-6_P#2^XH ^J/#'_(M

_X*@?\*E_X6O\ &W_A



MS'


M5\+_ !GJW_U_B5X'U7XS^ M-FU3Q'IFLIKO@CPC^L/_  3I*#]E/PY_PCZV
M3?#?_A:'[1?_  H,:8\$?A7_ (9E_P&B/BE_P 
U?\  -8QR6?_K_ /A1

M9J






M.ZCK'C?]G?XP?LW:AI^KOI=IX0^
^M? #7/$&L6




M?Q5\

M1C)PC%2;2?[N%7$8OT955O26(K8'&1PWM%'ZQ'#5JM#VE*G*:JI&5%SC5C

M]@G_ 
64_M__2HZ/^%R?\%0O^C,OV?_%E/[0O_ -*CK[2HJ23XM_X7)_P5

?PB_:L^'?QE^


MQ93^T+_]*CK[2HH$?%O_  N3_@J%_P!&9?L$_P#BRG]H7_Z5'1_PN3_@J%_T
M9E^P3_XLI_:%_P#I4=?:5% 'Q;_PN3_@J%_T9E^P3_XLI_:%_P#I4=5'^
'_
M  5 -_;3?\
:_L%!DM+Z

7_X=2@J4
*@+L8.')+)L ?[
M=K\U_$?_  5
_9U\
?!/]J[XXZCX8^+KV/[('Q-^('PM\=^ ;;PQX6?XF^-;



MRZPHUJOL53ISG[?&4L!2Y4WSXNOAL;C*5!6VE+Y=CJ]W:IX:HY25E?U;_A


MG/3J0JTZ=6G)3IU81J4YK:4)Q4H27E*+37DSXM_X7)_P5_Z,R_8)_\ %E/[
M0O\ ]*CH_P%R?\ !4+_ *






64_M__2HZ/^%R?\%0O^C,OV?_%E/[0O_ -*CK[2H


\


IV:C3DT

M]&9?L$_^+*?VA?\ Z5'1_P +D_X*A?\ 1F7[!/\ XLI_:%_^E1U]I44 ?$5]


/!.


MHSJ?%O\ PN3_ (*A?]&9?L$_^+*?VA?_ *5'1_PN3_@J%_T9E^P3_P+*?VA
M?_I4=?:5% CXM_X7)_P5_Z




OV?_%E/[0O_P!*CH_X7)_P5_Z
R_8)_\ %E/[0O\ ]*CK

OV?_%E/[0O_
M -*CK[2HH ^+?^%R?\%0O^C,OV?_%E/[0O_ -*CJH_Q@_X*@&_MIO\ AC7]
M@H

M?:1HQLKRJ5YTZU:&'HP5YU\3.CA\16AAZ




+KPY\3/BK9?[^V_UCH-YIW@*-O _COXD^(OB1\0I]=\1^


MJ$4Y2]EAZ-6HXP4IR4&H1E)I/AM/^


MR^

M:E&2DFMTT?%O_Y/^H7_1F7[!/_ (LI_:%_^E1T?\+D_PH7_1F7[!/_BR
MG]H7_PE1U]I45(CXM_X7)_P5_Z
R_8)_\ %E/[0O\ ]*CH_P%R?\ !4+_
M *,R_8)_\64_M__ $J.OM*O


MHMQG3J0G%N
DPHHHJ#0*^._$_P#R
OB'_L.:M_Z7W%?8E?'?B?\ Y&7Q#_V'
M-6_]+[B@#ZH\






MB/X

M#$T?AK[9I6MW/O\ ^RS\'?$7P.^'/BOP=XFN] O+W6_V@OVI?BKI[^&Y[ZXT
M^W\


MHHHH R/$#:\F@ZVWA:'2KCQ
ND:DWARWUVZN[#0Y]=%G
=(AUF^L+'4[ZSTJ
M74!;IJ-W9:;J%W;V;336UC=S(D$GY8?LY_\ !.KXN?LX_$/]F_XG)^U_\7?C




M1D)*%X84C8H656*EE)4E5)&
J#Q5RL.Y\3^&K/Q'I/@Z[\0Z':^+M?TC7?$.




45Q


MPE&:4MGRRC*S]V2=F?
/[(7PC\=?!?X
?\(U\3KCPE)\0?%7Q4^/7QF\7V'@



?L:$(N2CKR4_9TY5:G*E%.=6I&51I1I
MJK6C$:<)4Z:TJRG6K5<54NYXATTY6M'DP.$P6 H48=.7!X&E@
*F^:HX*C4


M#3]'M+/Q!K6DRZGI^EZ@;+5]3AN=1ACO-/MIX5N?)=&

ODXPKUJBJUE4JPC-*=JE6-::O5C







M*+&X^OV+OV4/B7\$?B=XF\:WWPI^'[(_PMN? ]QX3TK]E3]EC]HGXS?&C]
MGJ^\1WVN:'K(^)F@?#GQO\%OV:OA#^SSK6D0Z5K5CJ6A_!+X)VDOQ2U?QWXA

)TL50J.2BH^WYJ&
Q$(4

M?XB^(KC5/&OCW3_A[\2;[]HSX;6'AF#Q;H.HZQ\


[;U;?FS$(
M4H0ITXJ%.G&
(0BK1A48QBEHE&*226R04444B@KY?_ &C/@/?_ !P\5?LQ

?[1/P0O-!TFQ@TO4;/5+^[



/?$C2/

M]\&_##]K/XN_%7X*^-/VHO!O[.GP@\%?LW:UJWC[P#X-^!7QH^)O[0?B#X@_

YUL


MZ06];E !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

MCH;O53'K.B?%O]GKX_\ [6%AX;T#P_8_VG#JLD/QLN]/^ .JZG/IUK)X8T/P


GA



+A9*49RJ.56#H5\9&HYN.'QF.Q+RVGEV$CA

MA:_\)!H/QG^&_C'X[6$-W/9:SXYBDO=
O[#Z
^#WQG_:&^(L&M?M.^%-2M[S
MXW7?_!+K_@E'^T/XZT31- T1+'XI:=:_%7]L'Q_\:OAQI6E:GI^L1Z#=_$GP



MY=B\3G.#ACLOE5E3Q]/+'/
RQ<</AYU*6(E[



MM





MZ\TEGX]O=2_::O%?C=\ O ?[06@Z7X;\?ZQ\8M(TO2-1EU2W/P;_ &B_V@_V

:
MN983
*D*5491C*FZCUC0Q=*I*-.G.







JN&*=*GE\*=*G*6'PU*GC:\X4XU
35A@

_M$077C3X&V/P/OM'D_:6\:_&M[;1OA7X)\-^(_$'A




MYJLZ]I7PN(_'W]L86WQC^?_!3#XVM8WD?A_P'[!7[1O[-/PU?49HI;E/



MM/%6A6NNV$?] _A_PQX:\)65SIGA7P]H?AG3KW6_$/B6\T_P_I-AHME=^(_%

M@\2L)5P


/+VM2






4X5*$L


M?ZS4Q$H8:A0Q57%X3VF&J;2Q5*6*E7^JT8P^MY[B84(I1IPCFV7Y9@L%0:45



LWA[XYPZUJ^KV
H\.#0OUNF6;3/V^/





@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KX[\3_\ (R^(?^PY







+QEA

M]6A4JR6


1?!5_$\'A



/

^/


LPG@I8[ 9+AI:?BC]K3]KKPE\'Y=0LO/[-
MWCSXA_/]KSP1^S9^TGXUN]1^)_PM\)P^&_%?Q7^#FF:;XX^#'P:AM_C!JFN


M27&@7%T)*&)R[ZRE64H9?'
\1,8TJ6+JX;A2&=8_4(JA2K4*6)PG$=7*LL



/$WQE^
OB;_A#O


_^89_:_\ G45^JE%?
M,_4^./\ HHN%/_$,S?\ ^CP_;_\ 6/Z+/_1F_'__ ,:5\.O_ *D\^5?V9?VV
MOV8OVQ?^$V_X9Q^)O_Q?^%=?\(W_P )E_Q1GQ!\(_V/_P )=_;_ /PCW_(]
M^%/#']H?VA_PC&N?\@K[=]D^P_Z=]F^TV?VCYW^)G[6'[1_PS^)/BS]F9_AC


M

M;+
/0HSR_XR&95,OJ8W&^0Z9^W%\ )]=\5^_[?^)7B/Q1X#T+Q;J&JZEX3
M_9B_:9U#P=\0[_X;K]G^(FD_ +Q+IGPQ\0^%/C_XK\-ZA!J-MJ7PU^ _B_XM

4*4IY?A
FL3##1C5C2QV+P^$G4<FZ^!IXD\
M'C9\]13_ 'N82J1EI.&(G0IN-2EAISCB9?6?[9'CC]ICX9^ O$/Q-^_C3]

M*?!W[
\7[1OPU_97UKX6:IX)\::G^T'!XU^(_@7P0T?CZ3XK1?$W2_ ^CZ=X




P_!'5;'Q9??'WPGX#\.^&K2Y\*





M-6N8YM1M;+3[6YAL;?B/&G[$/PR^*FK_ !IN/BIK7CG6=$^*WQD^&GQLT:S^


MK&?6Y8F6'PU6M].5\*_&3_@I9^Q/^S_\2/$?PC^+GQI_X1+XA^$O[(_X2#P_


MJZ

MG54Z-/!X'B'AJM2Q$JSH3AB98ZK3A3IU:3PE25:%:A^8_P#P^0_X)O\ _1QG



$K_PS\0;']EG]J?5/
M@]IX\;:^_A31--^('QMTSX,7?P@^$OB*W\3)_P (_P)_WQ6\;^_$O@?6'
MAT[QKI/A^[N((I/1O@_^TK\
/VB--^(U[\#;[7_%X^&_BGQ3X U+5?$GP[^+









*#5&3K.G1Q;H0

M_$S]HJ;Q9^VA\48?C!H'C#2O#.F_#G6/A]X%E^!5GX6^%4=I\


M9\0^
?WQ:\ ?$#3/#7PUU+XC^


:_XWO\

M_9M^-7Q+^



M31RZO@

MV7^A:/9ZAJ
_GZCJ%I;_ .CVDWE^=YTWEP1RRI\V_P##?/[)G_15_P#RQ?B5
M_P#
=7V%17TF48KA*CAIQS[).(LRQCKRE3KY1Q1EF28:&&=.DH4IX3&\'\05

M?AS!PP;I453H5

M]A_MK^T?[

]AHK?
L9P35P5:G


MGVF&5:E2]GF^$]C7J4L1/V].E+#5OS-^)G[6'[1_PS^)/BS]F9_ACX=\7?M!

^I_%[P_
M;^.O#$GQLTN_^&T?PA/AOQ9\4I?!WP_]OTS]N+X 3Z[XK\%_V_\ $KQ'XH\!
MZ%XMU#5=2\)_LQ?M




M+&+YTHXV

M%SGG.-]I&

M


/_!+!_P!G[XC^%/B.

M7^J_1M/NM1^'7ASQ.GBSPIH7C?4;;XGQZ2WQ%\%_#/Q)X'UQ-.,UAZ=O7H
M3JR;J8N$*-:. ?U+VE.M/UN2.-GAL;4J6%;J8/'8EX/!YA#^R'F.(J98:5
!O /P\NU\2_%SXU_
M#GP[\-/$_P *_AAX_O\ QKXS8^&_@-XF^*?CFW7Q9KM]:?#W0X/@IH ,FD^%
M)OB5(-*O/'.NR6O[&/Q+;XS'Q/K7QV\'ZI\-8^-WA/]J#QA\&8?@CJMCXLO


?6_V1OBO\0?
MBY\


MAYXY^$WPC\)_#?QWJ_P6U6[\%V$'AOPY!^S[\$-;_9X^%7A_P1HUM;Z;X1\*
M^&/A7KWQB^.=SX?M?#NCVL&FH+7QY)IDD




MXNAAW3I8G&T




E7:?M'^*?C=X$^':^._@9X5\/?$'5_!?B#2O

/]FNFM?#X^)+#Q#X:\

?/B[B+A#B&LI






M'A*_\

^#%W\(/A+XBM_$R?\(_XG



/AC*.'R_ 1I*4;P_L]3K5:EHJK*JU\8\=4K*O^I_P?_:5^
M&'[1&F_$:]^!M]K_ (O'PW\4^*? &I:KXD^'?Q9^&W@?5/'O@_7/$/A+Q#H/


Y99
MC





?WQ:\ ?$#3/#
M7PUU+XC^
=3\+^';?PA\-?OPQT*WU3XE^+]4TO2M+M-:U+5O$%\EQ;77O\
MXG^$G_1_'+X2?&C_A(/L?\ PJWP1\7_  ;_ 

M-%@H-RJU:.7?VKBJV41K5:L\3.KBUE+PF!Q=2I7Q%W3J5HS^MRGC*GLM%%%0
M




U*SEM1?7NF
FME.44JCE)1C2A[2I

M-I6C[2/

M^




@V]QJ44<OQL\$Z%H\&H:WX@O/


M71M4\0:3K$&AW.J:/I=[KD/T9X2\3VOB_0+37K6QU+2VFDOK2^T;6(K2'6-%



I*
MFHMJ3Y*FG[N?+TM%?



M-X9A


6ZF+C&6'@]'.
JLZ*;O;V:]K3E!^TY.









'M

I).7NN:EHZ=.-:H_LPI23:G*7PJ-EJV

[




+P5KMOXB@U1-7F\X66KV,FG6[6(N)Q:R4%\3C.=M
MDHTX\TI2;]V$;\L(N32G6J4J$.:M6I4YS=<O/=./NV:UOSM*/+;XKWYO=O:
ME-VA4E[A17S=X^


MG6K[3]




:E-RG\
54IMNTXW^CZ*^;/_PU

M(=KX8T6[M[#4;ZUOIK'3KVYM^EA^)WA&Y\;W7P]LY?$-_P)+#RTU.73O!'C
M?4?VCW



2WU[3;S3]1L;B


J/H:BBBI **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** OCOQ/_R


BEBEU.RCEBECLH$

KHP#*P(8 @BMC_A)_#?\ T,.A_P#@VL/_ )(HHH /^$G\-_\
M0PZ'_P#:P_^2*/^$G\-_P#0PZ'_ .#:P_\ DBBB@ _X2?PW_P!##H?_ (-K
M#_Y(H_X2?PW_ -##H?\ X-K#_P2*** #_A)_#?_ $,.A_\ @VL/_DBC_A)_
M#?\ T,.A_P#@VL/_ )(HHH /^$G\-_\ 0PZ'_P#:P_^2*/^$G\-_P#0PZ'_
M .#:P_\ DBBB@ _X2?PW_P!##H?_ (-K#_Y(H_X2?PW_ -##H?\ X-K#_P2
M*** #_A)_#?_ $,.A_\ @VL/_DBC_A)_#?\ T,.A_P#@VL/_ )(HHH /^$G\
M-_\ 0PZ'_P#:P_^2*/^$G\-_P#0PZ'_ .#:P_\ DBBB@ _X2?PW_P!##H?_
M (-K#_Y(H_X2?PW_ -##H?\ X-K#_P2*** #_A)_#?_ $,.A_\ @VL/_DBC
M_A)_#?\ T,.A_P#@VL/_ )(HHH /^$G\-_\ 0PZ'_P#:P_^2*/^$G\-_P#0


:MXJ\4W7C;Q5HFIZU:Z7+/
\GA;P5X&TVZU

E*
6J4




M

U_2O%.






?$NJ?&/X:ZU


%4C&



\.17-]\3]2US5O%3^'M)74-570-/2\\07ZZ)8SWVL

9S]FX\]
M1*K*]3WAQE*#I2C)IT:JKTW=^[6C[3EJ?WIP5:I&#E=PA-PC:%HK@M5^%FH^
M



MCI&ESJE%?#352.%A.

M^(]4\&?7PM\)-2O/BY\'_#'Q4LKK3O#7


]O5^(/BW3/%V8N
M-.M!HPTWP%X

M:=.$+[M1C=NR/'/%GPRU?Q!J7Q=T^P^-/PSTSX=?&S4;2X\8^'[_ 
!'7/&-





M=
U








VJ630ZS])ZC\./#

$^$Z'0@/[=C^VC6_^%89_M3_ $/^

MM&
?9:TG*#4VYSC-Z.
7&

MA[Q1X2M/BC\%K_P]JGQ&\0?$7PJOC7X;ZKX@UWP9J7BO7O$WBK6+C3_$/ASX









MDW)0C/WXP=.RG[ZDJ565:

M-%N

=-\96.K_





 'defref_safm_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LandAndBuildingsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReserveNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAndOtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockNumberOfSharesParValueAndOtherDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=safm_OtherPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesPayableNetOfIncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSharesUnderIncentiveAndShareBasedCompensationPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ProceedsPaymentsFromCommonStockIssuedUnderStockCompensationPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_DisclosureOfDeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesTradeAndOtherAccountsReceivableAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_BreederCostsAmortizationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=us-gaap_CashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SecuritiesMaturity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=safm_OutsideUnitedStatesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_ProductSixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=safm_IndividualCustomerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_OtherSalesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_ProductOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_OtherSalesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_ProductTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_OtherSalesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_ProductThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_OtherSalesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_ProductFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_OtherSalesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_ProductFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_OtherSalesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_ProductOneSubCategoryOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_OtherSalesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByMeasurementBasisAxis=us-gaap_CarryingReportedAmountFairValueDisclosureMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis=us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_InventoryAxis=safm_InventoryLivePoultryBroilersAndBreedersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_InventoryAxis=safm_InventoryFeedEggsAndOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_InventoryAxis=safm_InventoryProcessedPoultryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_InventoryAxis=safm_InventoryProcessedFoodMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_InventoryAxis=safm_InventoryPackagingMaterialsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Supplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedBonusesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WorkersCompensationLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedVacationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccrualForTaxesOtherThanIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalesCommissionCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductLiabilityAccrualComponentAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedPayrollTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_AccruedLiabilitiesEmployeeServiceSharebasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=safm_TermLoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapitalIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=safm_TermLoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_DebtInstrumentFirstInstallmentPaymentYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=safm_FiscalYearTwentySeventeenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchasesPermittedCarryoverAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=safm_FiscalYearTwentyEighteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchasesPermittedCarryoverAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=safm_FiscalYearTwentyNineteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchasesPermittedCarryoverAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=safm_FiscalYearTwentyTwentyMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchasesPermittedCarryoverAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapital1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapitalIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_MinimumNetWorthRequired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineofCreditFacilityConstructionExpenditureLimitation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineofCreditFacilityConstructionExpenditureLimitation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchasesPermittedCarryoverAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatioLevelsAxis=safm_ScenarioOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatioLevelsAxis=safm_ScenarioOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatioLevelsAxis=safm_ScenarioTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatioLevelsAxis=safm_ScenarioTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatioLevelsAxis=safm_ScenarioTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatioLevelsAxis=safm_ScenarioThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatioLevelsAxis=safm_ScenarioThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatioLevelsAxis=safm_ScenarioThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatioLevelsAxis=safm_ScenarioFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatioLevelsAxis=safm_ScenarioFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LeverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_DeferredTaxAssetsAccruedExpensesAndAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_NC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_GA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ReconciliationOfProvisionOfIncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ReconciliationOfProvisionOfIncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_InternalRevenueServiceIRSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ReconciliationOfProvisionOfIncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedandUndistributedEarningsLossBasicandDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ScheduleOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeStockOwnershipPlanESOPCashContributionsToESOP'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ScheduleOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ScheduleOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ScheduleOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ScheduleOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanTypeAxis=us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ScheduleOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualEmployerContributionPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=safm_StockPurchasePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=us-gaap_ManagementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualContributionsByPlanParticipantsPercentageOfSalaryMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=safm_OtherParticipantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualContributionsByPlanParticipantsPercentageOfSalaryMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TitleOfIndividualAxis=safm_OtherParticipantsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualContributionsByPlanParticipantsPercentageOfSalaryMaximum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformancePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardHoldingPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMinimumTargetGoalPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumTargetGoalPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardTargetNumberofShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteServicePeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_AllocatedSharebasedCompensationExpensePotentialAccrual'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=safm_A2012PerformanceShareAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=safm_A2013PerformanceShareAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=safm_A2014PerformanceShareAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=safm_A2015PerformanceShareAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_PercentageOfEmployeesCoveredByCollectiveBargainingAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=safm_St.PaulsNorthCarolinaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_EstimatedCostOfInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionAndDevelopmentCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ExpectedConstructionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ExpectedConstructionCostsinNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ExpectedConstructionCostsinYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=safm_St.PaulsNorthCarolinaMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ExpectedConstructionCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=safm_LaureMississippiMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_EstimatedCostOfInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionAndDevelopmentCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ExpectedConstructionCostsinNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAxis=us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOperatingLeaseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
G[_YG.=G88X[+J4_+?&(MM3U;'VGD:<V3E@M4I


5):%^A-!<O$[X4O0[4


M6=GT=X6+GU!+ P04     #D/)%'2'4%[L4    K @  P   %]R96QS+RYR

\E


(9Y;AFWE89.D\^(GT%V-N
MFM[2ENW)4] '_K



M'^G8E$/?Y?8PY
6?T['+J^G^NFI+&58AY$V;3DV^Z8?434]W_7AJRG0Y[L/0

M3(_?AO2=Y?O=[K!)3_WFUREUY8N*\&^!*LP'Z7R04H)L/L@H03X?Y)2@.!\4


[4$L#!!0    ( .0\D4=J
M'857)P

O87!P+GAM;+U737/:
!#]*QI.]$!
MH/3 $
\0XTPR0X(;N^E9V&O0Q)8\DDRAO[YK.1 (QF .Y8(^WMO5[CXM8L15

^G6F1.%13#N]:*


QS
M7YMR_&#F7



=/$2^@)E[X6X3LI^A]&88Y6 T98RG0A









9GQRPZ?3


!FGK_#
MJ5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%
O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]


MR('U1X(AQ=RO_?67N\FD
WJ=?3K.:Y1_::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYP
MOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z'&=?
_V]I&E)3+/[_D*ZTX\9Q]6EK!=S\_DGHQR

MEJ&&^+3&K!'@$WVWO@C(WXV(]ZMOFCU7H5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1
M]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU+



MK#63/F#([
PTG!Z(++
M9OVX?H;5
VPLCO='U!=*Y \FIS_I

M1FY;Q/NN



M%Z9*HO

MWRT
 U[F$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[
MM'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\U*M:I60K$3]+!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ
M#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHSU8NL.8T*;T'50.4_V]0-:/8--!R1!5XQF;8VH^1.


4H*$\2H



M)7)#72@EF!82@C+!$360QXA:T+ QIG1M;O#7] 1[GP+K8VKL0F!8'$6]$;78
M'H-J4YTNFL7NPLY?A0OV:9- 1Z



M2P
$%     @ Y#R11W

=OKJ+1V

MMG=64LM*_FS&#2VW

$2A%H/14




MK7E=8A0V



_S+H'&$9ATY-3$O@YNX.J$Z.PZ0EA

M3VTI3N I-CV-7^K;MY(6JGJI1=D4_*Y]#%3
1?


$%     @ Y#R11\I!+PZ4 @


M/PEF)D$_%;

MVKX20C23B04HLG!%K%+9 I96EF$DN7GU@2 2%)?2. WDN=-DMNL S&)&

%P@C/*8$6WR#L*&%G%P$P

C
MU\LXME4 S)P*['CD&AK;909AYNH
MCUR38V=.@





MK2!H#P6'-JSUJ;71B3+E;3K]-^7DK6./#-T?+^WN&\)

I
F^3Y<_+E[7HK!0ZC
MMA^**./A/12AJH:28N9_IT)_YAPY^<?I7\9JQOMOY1=*)KJG^.N/T2W8KG8



)/4JQ,@.08G1$N=PE'/.HD
DZ:NT&II#<*]SLGC#J1ZX0G'J&2
M
E1CADI*Q]^LLC*WV!
C--[G-D]XXD$J*4DU)JFDC+21D'@V*AB=R:U
D4/R
M

/X@Q3/)PU5Z

$WFOR83!R*S3

B55


M^H!5B:][BE&+H:48/ K(/5E8





MOO%+(;IG /B^) WF3[0CK;QSI*S!0D[9?.$7S0IJ8&(80):'#5^GFFUUY9

M!6VN%M]K\

CTOKYA@?.
T=YC
MP\/HL'KFP3.2E=NK15TH?4_NC
O52YZD&;BH.*.D&3A1!+.%5M;@3XE0.:_
M081.B%#[HRG$RH 8)*F6M -$#*'!X1%$]&
!#E)D$VR-DB0E20P
)84
X;(
MR1!9#*FQT6*0)-



MD


0HS_QZ=?LS9&4[OW[U_Z<
-





L)3#IF([16
65IT0DI
M.L&BP32;!^.

ML(0[ ;




SWI*
M0(9#Q9C12LWHI4L%Q[7P5HQ,@\+PQVS4#&!:4-%$U@6IN9A
GI2L$UEBV@






$%     @ Y#R1



MIRE


-O#[^R/Y[U]Q@
M_R6K_;+
_]EOFEUP*Z:3C=]F;WGSHSS]X?LVZ#;ANLSK[O]D_58W9?$1
IT4


M/ Y&UI-CW3K&+4'(PD55;1:W1 -K+0/$8Z*@C&#E'DBYH@48%-%1M!
##%
M)(4P1
5

JO6BP


M)M:EJ
;&.,;2?DU;O$L!)/;;R'VLB0UEGZHK'$
MF-J.[L785Y5(Z9Y:.


MH0)*TE'])OJ?
);P8 5S097[HKQ36K +Q4.


MTPIEO.=T&_@)/ENA$9

O\\6S
MG\Q 5FY:%
15<,5.@EMKJ[

$%     @

;:5FHIR?;;EY(=QYYY
MW/02V\KCZ U%SH\4YV_M_D?WU#3]Y.=VL^MNID]]_WP]FW5W3\VV[KZTS\TN

MO5Z-UW
QVM?]XMY^])OUKOFZW[2



\Q
MZ



 
RA8
R%9+TXV$C2R0IJ]Y$F350
M795
-1=WBJ7

MQH'
4/32MY:QM2ZSC

5L.+
MN)2. ;TH30 GN0N%
:W2UX#+WC8#+F

$PMH(M-:6EW_);D_




M'!.2 2&])2#;5$9@AR_*Z0#59 =YG@I7/

M4SQ&]=2 CHV19P05T'E7YE;]#E/+ 6IY2:VCZ.+]N7X7 53L]3MVK0JND*9G



^L


2(%O$H8W.)
HO8SXELT




;?97
M$K;HJ0;;I-%QI

MN]E3TH;_
QL*:A^/7\+9CB
4!
M<:$!  O P  &    'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='




D2P3SYDB';RG#*/LS;7B^*3/


M='

YX;6Q]4\%NG# 0_16+#XC!D&V[8I&RJ:KV4G*H3U[80 K

'XT
MIR0-$D![0(#]]L5'D'*0.03_UDXWU(&X/9\8_\6J_7J+]S(\K?HG&]%YLF
MI(&6C](]X_0=EA+N V&-TL:5U*-UJ&Z0AC^.N]QWV:;_+# ML'L 7 5L#G




%'&__OH =Q^I:?0%FF'/FS# 4
3%G@X*30\&*('93BYL\9)(XGFM*;XU6TG0L.5A9LP=5@;8-3'0




M971S+W-H965T


M'9AP4Z/5P@?3-LQU%D250%HQGF5W3 MI:)$GW[



RDV=_N<72+1%',:
M8_@R9HY@@7U.P==2G/@_<+X.WZXJW;X]I/^W6W2K!+A'L_EOB6LR7OY*P

M+25M^#^SH:#V\;@/9SN.U&AX[*X?9/ZEQ1]02P
$%     @ Y#R11W+W

M 0  L0

&T+7.]!5$GD%:
9]DGIH4T


#$

5MUH+B]P1ZTOVG0


@O8SXELPGNLC38($

MT):<T?F7C?UO$!UX*<G-GI+._Y_%
MD-X<+SS9S.-U&0X[*\?9/FEY2=02P
$%     @ Y#R11U00O8B@ 0  L0




M


M8



M@H


M%[G!@9BQM1T/+[@YI+X197#&NN.=%VJ]]U)L=C]R=@E$4\QIC$F7
7
$\^QS

MV.LXJ OO/)WW:7R3C_ B[W@#O[EIA+;DC







MXW1SX#-L&\!G %\ ]UD2/B5*

M\D20_[?$K9C\KR1LU5
-MDVCXTB%@TF#NO(NT_F0'I%]A)=%+UKX+FPKC2
7

$%
M  @ Y#R11P:]A

VRC N(#7Z=\7L-=Q
M6ZL78(9Y;]X,0S&B?7,=@?O6AEWHIWW_9$Q5W6@A;O#'DRX:=!JX8-I6^9Z


M@BVX6FHP3J(A%IH3?=H=SWF
2 '?)8QN=291^P7Q+1I?ZQ/-H@104/G((
)V




$%     @ Y#R11SS#J2^A 0  L0
  !D   !X
;4M@/O2FI[H*US
MW9XQ6[:@N+W#K2_J=$H[KQI&F8[ [R*(59FB0W3'&A:9%'W[


VX2BC05J F!NH#O=OLCUF(B &_!0QV

M;8.2= .@-V210^)HHR?W+'B]S@0
S8VHZ'%]SL4]^(


5-([0E)W3^


M;'56VXZ;


#


.O(QM6UOVW%:2?.[&6R [P9X-BAB

MD@$$J2



[3*H^;6W+XG%[/Q\V&-[9W[JW(@%_J+B$O;R^#(E;YY[?UXYEQ1
M[4O\I/]AHQ\X\X#1LS+=7/?%=.5/ \6'QPMF?D95_P%02P
$%     @ Y#R1




M^VE(B4








M+W-H965T
C




.&F


+K5F43M%\2W:'RO3S2+

_\/SK?A^:;/,'S=?9#ODVPWR38)X+]/R4^?IQ*^;Q4Q*V




;O^=F88D3S
M:CL 1]Z4U/:8=




M:&5E='


=\=S[A$!\(O!:%9SY'._*/7A


M
&2%N2.P4U\L2
SB3/ZCDS@]BV:8!7JV=L^?X@+[J


MU=]:?7EORK]02P



MTX0A*TRR(+!57RQ(R.)$_J.3


M3 LC^VNK+^]-\0%02P
$%     @ Y#R11Z/VD[FD 0  L0







M;&U47V_;(!#_*L@?H#C$6;+(L=1TFK:'254?MF=BGVU4\'F X^[;#[#CNBDO
M!H[[_3G@G(^H7TT+8
F;DITY):VU_9%24[:@N'G 'CJW4Z-6W+JE;JCI-? J
M@)2D+$V_4






MNZ


XF3H +. IET_WZ!9-)L-Q? QN_YV9AB

M:&5E='





M/

H3_[3P


MPP9T

MCG%+@.-Q&%W@KHC'D'@


!7:00@?I[3]_TRI1

67A[]1C6*P.;EQA7#X)&)[(%
M!,6CRD&0HTDQW!X84+YP-GF.%K?<;9F6/D
;(-BW*0&T-5I:URU_T*67T)Z

M5XWWJEH]WG5#V$:I5FJ&X8-N)SL]IY\?KEIS2W7]W4_N?8/K=J?!O'SOP&S
M?U!+ P04     #D/)%'3^AID&




83:6
O#\29<DEAO W49X6+?
MW/;B*=\Q%
RXIJWT*XQ:$)'XYU722FO1GAO#QUWN9E2NX8QID8;QG&Q8GH
M!HJO#-XI/

=##B*X49;&(/DV7).&7@
M2F2
L]J(VH505YCJ)C)&T+JN0O+$7(
H5A1BP%751%+HGQ(C)0.W(5$4R=
MB\2K*/BR0F


5K
M2#BO14/1@BUKMMD*#463_1$N4AB%1L@H


M&Y0M18@EPY[O278@I(7Q?V$I@BT;MDL 2R&V[-GP$X[9




S

MY \(-B1Q&SF6FE15^U!IM0_M


HL (?*. 5FARL<@7,G9#?^
M,VF^;.F(R_E-_9NOUKH_,0U'R7]WM6FMV31!-33LPLVC'+_#5,+&5:2:_]%
MU44;*6Z4! GV'
:N]^
85CZE$RU.(!.!S(1L_5\G0CTCH#
U_75V9862@Y


[-X,5)'=@9
M?C)U[GJ-3M+80^^/9B.E :N8KFQ[6OL6S0&'QKAI;N<J7,\0&#G<'IOYQ2O_
M 5!+ P04     #D/)%'B?#7!60   30  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='
O




S4N

@%


$7B@8UX4#

M($:.46-







9UZY)8!P:W4W9WJ<WOO[4R\?Z*+4]I^0]02P
$

M$F '2^OTAH/X=_?3@5]:G'7WVA^4
M%[4[?]

DGYS4(WL'_11M?;+
YGSY&#
M?]'ZU;W\V[CU#&H6FV,2R'M[4V5JJY=)EOYSY3THZ8+G#]?LG\;NFOQ7V2O
M2EW_KK;F8&G3.-JJG3S5YEF?OZNI#]PEW.BZ'Z[1YM0;W5QXJB1[^.]:H?[

M3T#1!'1(P&X 
J\;HR8;-.VH2:E(O:Z$*B*(8#@
0V$8 I-[
*-&S


MG0G*4)0
00$/)0NK%(4_*HB(YBF.DJ


M$15EL^WB%@?W7T 


M11M[H!F.'3NMC;(ITP?;Q8






M8!$V5UW!/B&R'1E1IGNJX?4

M7HHXB?+@HH1ZS-9@P AS0P12?4@!7FV8$8'TP2[.2(&[@RQLXA8\^-)$5\(
M)$Z!1 LD$X'86@6#66A,8U8AE#^KE#D*3% 3,ZG33.HPDUAF#9[8.81:F(F


M2[^





.&-F_(A@]M
MWI&-P((8[#/6!FW 3C% 3@,P-L ?)!-#J]LUFT-EEK$SZ$CC0%;$78K7!'







M
T?!=J%V0N=$2&#PL$Q[5,,)D63I#0;BCP*%(KQI0A?LQB]ARH6+@8Z3^&
M^65H$C3+$69#[FH%$\X(:
6L


MY/'6&TTO4CE&AR-T'


M1]$B


;]%_*X[DZ/


MX'4757[Z.H^\'HJN?@-02P
$%     @ Y#R11^*]RK7/ @  XPT  !D   !X


YQJZJ1K:Y4&W5R


MDNFM04ZNDB!-($D&DV3 (/!?S*#!;/A:YM @!Q7PJVDB38J3..!04Y/;G@G
MDP:PH
-G2F';/U VH&^0*)\$\F ^*!_0.D@4:E*.:(IR#,-6&2Z&3$JF).

# L!' 
 P
M&P(
$N5Y( \&A@T!!HA20@)Y

#+L%
M)B6!AR[#P+ 1P# 




[\?0.AQAS-\2;SQ8^]@M05F7DMEZ LUPH9Z';X
M6[;=EP$1 3\XC'81H^#]H/5[F#RW.TR#!1#0N*# _'&/0@1A'SA7Y/F9\E
M7

M(\D^TLA5'








X0 
#

M /8A0.$E:M)D3C-

;(@YXT_)H&

Y[?^O_C&
M\8P!:N93XW!K9'E ':KNBIS[N89DF-^ !@_\1TPZ+(- D/09RC OG4@(XB
MAG

M:&5E='

BYX;6Q]EM&2FR 4AE_%\;XK!U!D)\E
8Z?37G1F9R_:
M:S8AB;

MEPR*WZ4^=Y/WJ(=_

^A*;VR?0KG'FRYT5?69W
A_+TD_QNP#
MI^_7[-^'Z3K\%]7IPE1_RJT].%H21UN]4Z?*/IOS#WV90]HGW)BJ&WZCS:FS


00XX3(;9.$J
M4X(G$&@$
$.G/)E1)21C.DJ


I\&$8F9[0^XRP%%BA.8+0W&^0(ISX/JH#H)






P9Y4P
MOU9^$9+5-Q?;JLEG_RP;\^SZ-Y$WN



MVAH!%
D\#H(.Z^P

?1
TT^@!ZS
M3?!*(+A_$=3 B]H#'1PO:K\$*34S



;-575-J

MG=S.XV?\M

M9/XU!KWFM

M5=V[WVA][+5JSI0X:LK/X5FU[GD:WF1HI
$$
A+(A3 X

M!6!W :AGU( 1#M

MI
*3'()REB)/
!+8VU8!P0BGW-

P#CC$T=+
M@*(%(-I+LQ1!&DJH+SD$D1SEGF  1%

M7VL%@ B=.!

% 

_(A+_V1H%J*@HDY[[B

MTOS8Z4RF%^TUL66;*2 7

5D


MWT-D ZY






M;S/.XVGP9B/US+QCV(AA







W7Y_M!^+&F%HW
MYHG?O')WS99NN


MRXZ;

_[ZV(83 9939@&W.

C^RBLH7?F*U_K+GHJ)*3\7!DR?!
MZ


0B_A3L*GMCQP2_Y?S=3'[M%BXR
LB
4N]BB%K


K%

K)@ZV^9!.SL^U


:(7?7B.NC7K)B7;
M*S.
]5@TS4HS4?QTZ[VZ!C#[#U!+ P04     #D/)%')CN84QH&  ?(P



S9M:R*)+DG'Z=N7)\OD[@^+RD4L43\6BP7VXP+DZC4O

MMXV.AZ5
$KL\IOO3?+UJKWTMUJO\I3KL3]G78E:^'(]I\=\F.^2OMW
Q?[OP
M;?_X5#47ENO5\MSN?G_


MD9;9-C]\W]]73[6WR7QVGSVD+X?J6_[Z9]:/P30&[_)#V?X_NWLIJ_SXUF0^



MT8Z8^8PT:JSY@C0:#UC!F*K6@!H9



;]X636RK0%V5X



R'4T*A2&L



@E-UBFBW071V&.
%\WQ8I((6#7.=GW%=E;C



)?-
M%5PVF
+6/PC#_CX
M3@W$WX+##BML9$=G











?6Z*7&[JUY1$VN]+V.F]XV

M65)=!3@




M&TE

M^%Z98:+';==\=1

$%     @ Y#R11Q5[[[]C P  XP\

GB



MNQE


HL% #S/I8YX1C._V
4L
0_J8
MR


SGQ[C/?\5%_LD+ZTW
M(=545



B+\GH'PZ^I%_#[SV




D'Z9VY
MTM?

0ST
73Z
5L'%%IENKGNB_E^SP/%Q_MKM3Z9U3]02P
$%
M  @ Y#R11S


M
D]J^UCN@^I8ZF3;BO(L8(2(($_28C*;MFUOY6QJ3G66%OJM]*I3GB?EG[G.

M_F[

M2B]




M%(8\&)K'G+DQKB



78CY##@M78C[%!1OA3DIX/3@0J%/P/1\Q
+!


Z

/-,.Z$ +[5


M \-XH0K

1+7O!2M=EK4^,CE-!)S.G2?
M8<%)=^VE4T//_@%02P,$%     @ Y#R11_ &:M+970  3&8! !0   !X;]S

7]L?DF^[6QUJHIB]XQ]$]@8






M]:RN\VW]PGN





M.W.G&[D?V]$;TZKK'CH7'4K?--)E706/?-!A%5L\2SYA05P&0)^7KA-T8^
\!&?P%6M2$7T\!G83#X?#7P1KH3% @
MF5D:KQ6[P3;



0B)

/KGT!EX(M
MS87PMN!E5@




0Q8_T@^O[:K%O<(


EE55/A+?1=.J\D_EZA.^ WPP8S\0#0I?
M-98]\24J'OV.Q5<
299^  <\!Q$B-MB*\=-! ?6 K
!UJ&=8E\[

C6!G,WQ=VZN 42CN91L6D=RA718LJ\;<M37IH]Y[. [E]*U;5
MGL

O($-AJ *Y76?4




ML@Y@BT2YVFQRF].FW$50 (82Z5O:[N12=P%!G:]6PI.!U(J6QM#L55G5







[+[8

MT3AAG=/E#AZ++5Q8&Z\ ;LK7]D)A/C H7 !X&?8.83L40T1E-M%MI'@+:!C@

0!QM8$N*';^T)&K^VA
M::+8C\R25VB]]PB8[)ZY,O@%.-F%@,$.+SB,*GTS&&/V^*!]2#WS!\/@O=R
M4


*\$_?$&&*

O7W[]_=W 0W
M9Z\O;X(/[X*WEQ_DR\6[UZ_/WM^0Q/Y0K%:(RDZ ^G/_RH4CN


M\)=D

(G4_Z847OD5[GG9#R%X1)HE01)&L._
'W@.W MK2N)PN%H
YC/
(IQ]
(9L&@]/MLL=L]H?4J@.:8*'14,Y@#+WBPF?PW5E%
MQ'L98#0QYY3F

M++ON1C3%CB/:AQD.VCB



J7





V-LLR7LO
D_%XLRU!ZH9W61A7CE



-1JRO4VN[T=!!]9

QA

D-H*-N6C





'OY05N[.
M'+0ON_HD)!@V6$NP*&X'C*=ZPZ





MP!_X[M#J40




M

H<6ZVC(9(K)L[%S&<B#=EX(A179I

?ZAF&Q.@9P$#O


NG/#]5M^L^SX !QR7G5LO*Q3&X

QXSMB6H_&W:H







1O2G 5


RF=.SWE*

Z=FJ%;V0K



VN




PZC7LN58W

CQ6



MH-R_U D[1T6JOB5ZAJ%3##%T' 
A*AD83$Q_(4
MJ#LP@$JE\:'E5T*EY)K=&]*#\%7&C9E^YB3?Y4Y&;6KQK0JV_&D-IR'<[=

2LD1_Z#!*]1$ZV@2)O*^/A);8C


M1E!2CI(1;3'9F@D P6MZ-PI^^MM_!^@ *FY$)&EHO\MWFPDW-/KSKMR2@K!@



MQ5JIVU7\T).PYJ2HL-6!]DE8G)DZ%
44
/M'0UJ^]B9=#0.$!@ &#-*4:?;8
RNKFV)B4&0W[YC$HJF*;LHQ<Q
SR#R3UE7K



WZY$






PN ;'5UY
MBA=_M]6H/7@!M:X*FZ?U)*OV8REFQ*T?DX2(/Z37!\LYMORPT(D]-D=)H
M3WA+
Y5QE;@9F) ]'\U+
'_A!R3;1LW


$2

MD4.8_SW0KG&3=DW[:9?R*=M8%X[(.Z

E'HH+-8IBUP^F).HUV%9[

M/P85AL;MS
E@.E+8SI2;$


M
2V5=3()H^$LB


\S0#VX<1N,9;,UX.M9/5#C;
M&#9L L\F::J??<H$Z8[V0Q?3*9#_5!G9V(7@7$X&X^@23J+=).%%2$8A?$H

ML*G -1W-J.=K8#=.@?\5V5U[1D5A-!O)OYJNJ$P'$=RQ(6S_4& M:QXVW^$D
M3.\@--IF!*LC2=AFHY;\W!_T&J@GM1,)%,]R-V]QFX:;^=1U\-HS3BJLS6

MOCK..S0E(J
E^2T]6@FY))!$7&-1*Z1$\#14:J0014!T.1*C RKV0N.P1!14

+DV;+-_=)=RM.;LRI+OP
:NQ&EQF9%;IN





MTY:=UQ7#C\Y3Q![G%5H$T*]F4Q8F1-5)_=

_
M8J&#$)#D<51M_AEVIZ]1C]U/#'_3!E(N.'2:^FB(I8_.3H3C@VU)(^T8Y8!



C\JW! $ZU286/

N])]

8






H

 I'


0KEU
UX@EF&QJ@E@T$FTR@XGH73




M8)0'T;NT:2%PM/9]ZQE@0?
1)X

&L!ZMHQ]5=NF

M%D3:E9S!8CK'?P*$(0/9&I4G

T+#F(
MAMX[-U3'548SZ$S4BIHH*4?P@.SK.F?@41*E!(?]IZCZXR#1:-;VBCJAQB:M

M@



M.
$_A3'P1CXOEP2;T6PZMEVEK3H;RQSG@Z%Z=UFE



M)XY+87Z=^P?;-S7R[#*W5LZI9 I=R:%]-;5:C_BX^^/1Q TN









MB.++_48RR#1

)99S8&I4B\^#&2279$)[LE

M^.=/Q%[9G( S;^!+%O=8!F+(I:=T/K;6([/7QV
F_!96IE*O$BS4&8C-8A8?

M7\67TT$+K8C#0@Y4E

MQ
.A!/(X9

M








IK#O]

M?I(F@]F4WT4WH^:RDV R!:F'6D[1N^GW+Y)0U:WPIZQA#-NX-XC!(?J@N:

M*)\PJM&M5J)P9)4/4-#ME-R#1C^U%BBWQ*)\2Q]MI




MN03





=049 PF:$Z(XK)$LK
)5!$9))Z$'_OA0L5?RYN

MB*:P'1HP5
+?KYA7QZR^]#2$UR W.'T:

M!U$$4YS
D'\4]=MX
)UT'\67+OI6

MO1IM8E4^ CI/3:35V7Y[JRKB=M_V2(Z3ON%#8Y&V3LWU'=-F!IFQ%TQH[^[#


C\+#


Y\L3PF[


M\D/V

M


M#2$J?(:!/6R(3D=V;;M'4S6

7


TC



4FP A4H1(@YPI2











A\'XUE3
?6



37\M]D47X(MU*J[
ML
7PYT



MDK!Q!;B%$WBA2* X

VF+


ZL^\2YCS8A2;Q!9*+@N)TD02PQ6-'=2
M1N6MJ%O@SHM^^\]
OF!BIBS/!58U/=ZM



0
MH2D133R(\5M$ 0ONQJ6__


G/^OX43B94BS4A'(EC/0$


MD9-KSD]8N?&

YUJA8JUR=

M5Z6X]P)?CKKII:AUB#_$9S V+*%8:






M84/+-QS.QO DVLW+*


\DJ5_1


YGEE5+Z=HPS
M

MQXQS/5ETS9DJ7


P_Z!.KB3:6RM79F<!:E516HULPY;)*/JC3-
M_@OF.PI9N@@TB&/Y4NEW.IQ62%;:,GEF4H(IY2K-.1ZK@WVX#W!<Q8)BH)4




[1)QF=$85SA';\J
\LEQPB2).4S





ZP D9,+&$!X*SA@?$VE3E;,7 !?;T40=



MF'OUBN[9'_28T@$KA02MI]A2B(XNTK@@97Q]@K!KO N=+73C@VB&Y A?&
!
MXV'HUHF\A6?FI/6;==@0%I7G:R93P0TR]DT_F6:^NCV]6H/D3706+O1=E3WX

:)^Q/5%=)WY#V3X)AX D
M'/RX+A_7VI'#\+_RB_()H#A:5KZQG#C 1)Z;4SQL=O-& D9UCMB?6E'0+5G[
ME+]!S54BX%BI++*G]F)G&U@?&70=[2+GJ*TL*4+@2(NVNUI=*0$HK9'4.P:W
MG)T(X
X1.%
0D@YK4YX&:CO(TG[+7[A&XFW,_[+(N6J=/[XAIW.O]&_J1TG
M Q4J+X[QP=#F#E?W79 C20&HT(P''$4W)7ETB I8NL8%:CNR//DCW(S9H8
M8U,_96O!HN/6@*E^Z )7G%DR6&,H%%)R$HS:W)D+WD!G&F29$;AI;.&Z4(X

MJ65HLBJ1]

MOB38M7
#/;?=BR;Y-6IHA*:6TB6


_^L

M





MF8?%E(

M&X;=0CVLW0
D1594 0HCTQA
T%D_GV^8



+%

E  ^3'@XTGX]/&$ 3*MT6Z@LH*++M&B/W%R16X']J[BY[H6

M/MSUV*5/2:]L-H*#A20=O$+92G9ES0/N_8/^#;$V9TM!UKKK39/.DSV7=.U2
M#(C$L%4V-!N'O1DFN4 N0M?B9*W [H^+_]1TQSWQ% JX@ J4ZW55@G2;H3

P^.9*48S3








M6HZ$\:P:P(/1@_B#UW/0(F'XD*-HB3M E$2JPBZO1S8G6?%]/^J;HG5#XAC
M;PG(]NT1^\+6/B!2\(/6WF,$[8(J:,KD.895QYU@FI]\=Z\/'_W]OSJ]=79
MAZMW;X-WKX+OW[^[N0ENSEY?W@0?W@5O+S_(EXMWKU^?O;]Q\VRAMP3YSY]C

!
M11V/)X



_\+TX3;A6EI7$H7#T60PQL]X
M!

OCNKB'@O


M7/A



K7/QJ&
MT6A*E:_B
6I8W
!M$-IF\01;82:.:QUZH%BS.IB$H\DHP)JEF.LCFDTIR0G^

M'5 ]4B%
YOW@X

MYUX =W(THYZORWI[:M7E5MZ_41C-1O*OEBM5/'=$E7PPDPG#5-8\;+ZP29A2


M$600PWQ_Y
S*7(')Z8YZV@MM!&PCWW5C G-W J1U-I.XS4TDT8XG


[$0?
M0_B(@Y_^V_^AWW&)UBA1J-AH-LFUBQ&Z7P!7A*;I3@1TJ-^'=Y.8&7/5S




N70 L


- [C%'42

MY UL+^B 
MPV6 V V2F@/8!*0$T
:Y;_.6/I&O6]TR0)


GUS4
]N250%


ML-(_-,O6@(MK%Z0KB7XD:81?F!V^=VH=SP6SNYM
_67HHU^E$P&XQ$TS:E

MYTJ2.)KTR$X-
+OHUPUOO3Z2


MB#-F(=()BHC]TTQAFH ]1K1'LT$RZY[F*)A



+RLF
^+BP4M$W^W^'?K#JXG^\N0B.CTY4.KN^
MMND!;9

4'5%5K[O5H!?'!UF[/9F955S:Y$W)];K=G+3/*=^6D_



MJ5J]BP#\:['
W43E7J/;VVSE78LVH 9.#B/#4#2BW UL*N5(08Q=O%OEC:24






M)M.A71J
?&5'WW@WNWD-!T;ID3_U'IG_[EE1+:KL=LONH0R:!XT-B/@ZVV$*



_7Z';5A*#Q9WXUJW




M6P?G\Q]2UN 9=_U5JR.]MV$.L]H&F&R0M2;E5*[B%J*4466^=?Q+!]LS::
F



MJ(I5+R5FG1WK?S[T?2%IZ-&SE
Z


MLQ.\NPWT



NO2QTP )!#1E*+8S0

7\65S7*N:_8J;XG3


$O7K#/? /&FBKI:]FI




C6D$_&/$SUJ[
M1/KM]V&1GS&U00/U=(7M-%\+@U<[<A-34]&3N,(F0]M/N[/2RWP3+M//Z*T



M        @ $     6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .0\


M)P


4


M4$L! A0#%     @ Y#R11[G-6(HN!   *10  !@              ( !0AH



M
RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #D/)%'09G-KZ$#  !W#P  &




4
&UL4$L! A0#%     @ Y#R11UW+S8A 0  L0
  !@



N2OJAH@$  *\#   9                9DV




M971S+W-H965T

  !D







  !D              ( !








M:&5E='


C

M 0  L 


M-YX;6Q02P$% 

4


M=#
Q+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .0\D4=/Z&F08P8  (LF   9


MY#R11XZP 03

M='

RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #D/)%'B?#7!60   30  &0

T+GAM;%!+ 0(4









4





O



@L





#$U
3 S
2YX

?$CPB:1$0Y4!*




MAL7\\7ZKVQ[6PS3Y*(&$5T'J#_K]\5W].SJC\I?1C_OB%WCH%3Q5E-UV];WF




\K4





MYY@W/?7Y.

MN$;@'+B_4.EJQ&XL*#IL)NOJS)X3-PDANQ_9E^/=L7R.;]5?CU;#_FV3Z5
M0C_SY
;19?W@Y
95J[V$=







-S

MW_K=41K6#



*<U_);BT._@._5'

MZIDW_7M0Z9


6+IC^-PN^BWX^0L:

O9B3D'JQ_B2/]S_UES(=I\S_P)GP.[-
M^



MM\INZVLO9;U6'P=F=0;]-P!F^;75__W#S4T![TN/O7UC/WRZ+
E[:K7VD-&+

GG\==A\:\QH!:2V<F2 FN?
M7T5TKYBZGKA+ZVOJJ/M8%40$PJDGD\ZZTJFK4.Y;4':5Q9TM^DL(RZ]A\8N)
M$ZY^^LM)8%P3\EIGII
H/E+YVC']OQ..$MIW@
5S

=55^TM4]7









1'NILK/'2Y=).M_\MP--7Y#D\M-)+KE*[M$EMXFF



IZ579GXJ$QDIV BN3+Q
M49E('F&H[1Y\7*Y-+\HR55S?W0
1T[3A_E([PC^ZHV]O^IWN]VYGW.I-HDW;




.%R^$QBUFL1VH47H9V#')[&+E_E\)+D



CHQ^?QU_\NVJ
O

F\;8W+XEUW.$S_=W_?O2R9:=(W]=@]RD7Q208S[<'8JS6Y/!;7WM<


MRL0%R





MP_0([O!RY26/PB%X$3'&




'BME

MU81H(WT(U@3A@E4__Y3TP.0'YV:

M3F(

G@9
M#*L@?AQ_!3\M]@:M41UP9!-P5B&O*:'*0'_1XFQ2=*BC*4E?-+P$T
R4;7C5')XO92OI@


MPY:6ARJ]'_0A@H'S.FG$'
Z41R[A;/7XO:++RM0E
R^$]LJ#]%(K
9P_8AP#





IVYH^5P\I^M7F_B




&LJ)+Y3V;/KJF5







M@34B3DN

-6L1Q[JQD


M6S?Z5I%#X(2B= 0C\$UEJN^99P\U=;HV(F;SB'@%W-

MLSMBNZ


M WBGN4L9HYH*

*E^?('^!X_
M/G?_'!5%OUEU6$2T1@([G2[!)ZV5U0*P05--2$95-_\W5E#!^+PN?(T_U8


M21+\

 7)[UF9[]4

M461
LIL)R9\8IRJ3MEGT)(?HVD3X'S5*




MAXO@B.:Z++5491[$[-K!^TLF1 J$);B;!&%3[-!YM%;S(,;OKNFJ%H\)I,?
MBG;J\NODZEC/_4V%)U6O_.W?F?QWZ%5]E


MEIJAJO$?+MTV%!W[PPUZO0+.V??MLK;5C?]G+D%Q37I,=N% OX!R(%%\F0



MJ*MW-)9+R6)0#(M(

-1K\JV3-'2@EIO)'
X



MY!__
9@4

LB\8

=HO;(8$VXXE7%!M;4 :[XGW-4CX?/



:'JLR5YK


&
M!@MC;ZF=SZTUJ;JAOJOIO*FZ1(

Q.8W@

M[Z1FCH
&1@LIM-1.8:\]EC&22*LY0121K'*:J7E=P78H#H%SVZ@!)BA)33 ^
M


M
4./A?W1:0\!<&L]_$%'3_'&?UA)Y14


M0EMJ'P$MYF.$0U6-+](\
]D\]1S7P%L+RN$@;Z
Q!G-M54#88!==$!#B+ZKZ


MAX*[C;Z*@U[UB#IJ@M4:6V:KNEP.&B



*




O@4P& M[N3Q



6K\%Y^#1Y+6MZZU$S:W;?^M:I'I(%\F@N*%/=*


MC=EJ)AU.@5!$$B=%6C[)


TM7)]FQ%6RRO.N9D8\?;.[

MK


M(@HB]NUJ'*A:71/7G\!\HAV RNER$V_LS9WP(PFD^V[_=N_MWKCFDD49.O
M:$X=1

U-Q2TU$Z77



MD!-2&\V4AH.


MNY7 DDFPQI.[=85-4ONHFBO+N&%UT*9DYR%AT'[83P:CEK]-&9L3P)#_&C




M _94!.\MN#C
<?FZE:3I#V(

#99CHE 4(PX7P-W!8:]P&O([ 7JA8T^@-=BP6R!]5IL
M+@L0:]28!:JT.AIX#1DZ2SV*QD9!4S%
5

MTOU[:WB
)DUM449)F48X4PKBT]L?D7(I*3KMR)K0.P'8 -_!0U,3 (#'%!
MC)\



M$#T(^ 9I8



T14+=U/ 'N#S+ X23O!


#ZNCMH'T


MO72(!V]1&DB[9Y6IK9NK'PZ#7 LJ# K@@]$1%J]]ZMT@$UH,S9X0#00T

\(I\RY8K;*A

M[*UE**EWQCFL(Q7

#2</D#6R+OWDNZ(U')=%A</*;X7A
@W
UOJF$!JZM!R<0TALDNYAVG55CYE
3U_OD-9#LF






CZ%(-8

'^UMAVQ 9X'@=X@2
92R3F/@?(H
/!A




46M1U5!20?*B
M5EFO#Q\7J:95&%(SCJ/R:2$H8$2#C!6O8LV.&;0V.?JA6
%#\*W)#M2E@Y^6
M:AQTP--02\^Q=:!H0 $96;6

MM8U50P@HJ-Q



T2&G]9NV]





M5:ZZ*FG


2:
ZD$*&F

M.





;/!.2









5K.(: 1F--%X@
+
MD]\!'@V[!FEWX E U$!%D#SE
S1FU5TZ



0J



M( ;AH98NK6_VHAK@(1W:J-!  6\Q;P^$=\N!TQ!0!8&


I*GSEX?UW12II#58A
M!BTHL(53/




$Q6IMY<*YX-Z0U
M.4KWS!#8I;)))K!5L7(X&0_9JA@BUO:H'@WOOY2#8:H[V]#CO![UK7+/&Y?Z
MB[QD%@4F,:FN6HF4-DO6R77-NLMO7T/H-9#N]7;-9-J*+ $N7*6$S &LHJ5





M]2.B=S94;1I1A5
!N3%(R32

!HXCA
_=([K*H$L=@P:2[P
&T@=PP68TJ
M%B;WVH4B=?K](3?F@(-@AC![8%(5:?%]-$[#SY1-=4(7-J:V8=\@LC09-T

2IANWAD



A_[ /:S-OBY/
HT+76'F-Q1AR$


M2!R5?E$=@

MW-



*3I[-8Y

M$*8B@N99I0-E.T5P#50HAA];W4XV4GD'SP14

--67
MX
P65H8J2$$YE[XJ@ #49\)!?@]







MW7J
]L9ZI\IC$YV/$%0!WZCTTM'%Q@+%\L17YJ

)/K6EED@.X)*@





M2TLB)BW!R;DP52I7Q'R+AF!J_4YA\?;=H6JJD;'*(:(8@UC :


:-FR
M2'69C3
A$3:)23IY+EXJ2JM


M[X6VJ'(O& J9ZT
ES@J%3X;+@[13$!!O!HBU.+AS:?:WY8N*U)!/K

M;CP9:GMKIT@$Z-GH S4&CD*
=E&$8+S-B]YX%HV=#ID]M)-'$A$#I+9&1!J4
M


M#2EKY


M!4X7H1Q\A



K@XY%E53R
T8ZR-%(RZ CA. 0:
MUA!MP83&&/)R@CT)


G_7EEU=%9-_]G$J2A-
)P(X@V**LVZ-#AI0.

M#]5AG!KT;R'JN_/%UT7T

M\:'?*#W
*FU $ROIK&%6
S.?W)-Z?U:*Z99)02Z

M2[4WI.I^MISS36)Q:;3X8]H4X+ERDGC#+;*891,]9P2GA&Q22I.


MG%

M[AYT

JOMP\['L

M@=V$]?M!OWV0\! :C&5
P.%/:Y$0856+D[%Z3^%90'$(G-O('ASV'D.$C:1&




3]Z2S#E%ZHEQ:B@X
MTTPBY:
F0N TZ


E0%%)RU5E4](=%YG]PK+5&GWQ$@U

M4771$X:S(T4X48+M@E
-=

MV$ BC9KY4T: ,[4C0T4.&/% H](

9B*Z-A
M/'
DB5(R4U4' K9U
2/S(FA%!;%41J%$2J%5$Q&BR0XG1UIE;LF!@&W=S9@:

T\.





MM)O::C1Y#-G\X*Q(ENL^9[8#?J#N;L__8U#Q\5$)
$6!Y*VE!!U;; V5
MGN6I&






M\0#\HD.8Z+2R#*%D@0E5P4A=99;G\R9/0B_!82'(?C'X #T'
\ZCIE13
M!]$LJD)(H7
':9*

M^O9['G=-=]LWYM



B3$62'U#;F
MU)]4MB2I!PZ=!!O&61!2G'51US@+WVW.$N0[4?#SAWG)L9\MF6#
4TPIESA2





MLH49SG+N/6&5 %41
FN_GQ:4:8(


M*&CNL


MI$^TXEZHP6-RW'K

/N:\F+^!1X(:@+WT3!&SGIZ
9CVF1UEJ(]EJ*&C@$B@
MK:.ZE01<Q*:PHB..Z$3N#1I-E\-)?X
<X_S&WA0W3?\2S);92_WP7YWL:
M$.M*'\6%Z#A[*.V^RX37%[E;K]L7].O<CS)(J
]\!Y!ZSJ!6F\
C5RRH[A6
M1[6=/!O8.@B^+C BSH\1)JA4TD#DY7+7I1P

&+%_+JK-Z(V=
M-8?SAFWJ7$571R#!1 Z3W&-@O4!XW(C56U=





A9HY7HTT[C=O/QC\AYQT
MRA_FQ3+'A-61: RT%VFEM.
QAX#?YI$Z?Q**YJ(MPW:ZQW=??]S1GKT@,=


MPT@4
BY#&@1UG9;':'/T




M
\P\%
V5%O)I(=ESMLY VL-0U F
]D




?QV B#6
M;P
!H<$ K.



M#[VOY


8

?5]
MLM[#JU5+X'+FX^YA# 5Q;0!\[0&6?0\.(\.Z-\9$+4/5.CONRS*ARG.I%]HR
M*L^7G@
VI#9V#FF9ZTP;J=]AWHA!'LS5VYH(E2' FR?]A7M4A2MZDZ+WCR

(UD^^DGWYXR!

M @5.-'ASG



M#E;/1UH([?J


M$N6'A'+FVOFN@8DT7LNO]*'232^8[GIGW1^V4X6/BP]]83Q-' \\.6S1KN\G
MO$ T)Q;U;S]A_4GHA\24!#1!PB&J%$'1:$@6SN&3JGPC\6OOTZ4(+ZB\!$
M4US/ZA P;U'=H$[!L6VDGOI$OF
5/HTD!W7!

-)8-O=$3
 ]1



J1SE2=B

VXS ];JB_44_OTZESBA




TYB]/C=&C.*;28

M%/[]ZCN05$K'1#)2CNN8@ I=EXW#OWIFS
Z=/Q


2VC*CK7=9_87_*&/&I?1
MAM, N/%=+_39.H&F??+<#-L^H^$08\8\S5SENQHLH!KB
5H'9EQUWVSH.\U

MR SFD$*(I8E:E^R9YEQ!JG#[=

M8?..S[3GS5X'O 




]'
MF3/D2J4+I@PL'&Z4E1P48RCJ;!EQFO


9

M4L2Y(_$H)'@7[KCVDEP1YM4WY &-&C?DU%$=Q$;/[


MXS87OAI&]P8%)X'&_Y/\Y[

M$% W-/6
2Y]KKQ$L84G1SCZ[KL[)GSNGH\&Y(M2'8#4
P!2$U'?706NSJPW\





MG

MI%1
GL/[$

M?14&?N!8*^2 !A=.78
G]^D\+19YC&OMJB69QX_G=GVP-%*Z
M 1.!,AQ':-:#F+ELM,HYBE7NS <<+(N8-FW4E%YH8K VH <ZR@(PG ]DMEW




M@9$+IEL8D @!


M1I_8G@1H=


HOR:
.BZC$;@DOHH0*XT:K





M-7Y=^B4YBUIH1SDE'YMTIWLM3Q
B4H$?^

8




=$5ROY(H 7(F-S! (A6ZE@70NXSWT


MA=IC@78=$7HU5H

M[=&L



MZ80AUVL(R1




%
M

QM]5^(
MED:0#XAE?C*6M?:E[P6
L\CQ

Y%$&R3-

MZRDX/L0;C6U

M51(3Z*BYDVMWHOZK(VC/D'CI4V6XE)2$OG(BHSVW#@YH(W)^Y],8Y%H3T\
MB








 @&: C @D*'





MHW&I$[FA 6$/@8DTYW5+

C_O[^X3\?A-))&
MP#.E$$HQZ81&UXN$J6S$#)\8V1:#8V%Y33S\S7]:(6C@;DPM1UH&H6$!_
\*

MPP\1Y5I0M V.Y
IWA.
JP 

MQ

=$
MFAOJN*$
C1OY@?!)7;X@ M[







-]D]3!R\P* 
=EC22*TH2=

MV+/\Z1O%?K_UA/636Y^V_B(Y]7LG?_&M?.\R+WR*KA57@D5=X%U%Q4K7V6*1

M68=W UH;P


M7H?*X^'(L

[_]
T\FR??_+&&\Q(\\8$-
MW*!J/K:J(7K
'#6HFK/Y.^_

G
MN\@!'8JEMY +8FS

M\Z_'?4

JNRNMZCOQ7ZIJ/GK)?#63J%0UFA+U/1QF


M_+XA$AHBH0V;HGAG2;?W(A%#)+3'IGR))S;+-OAKS\N6
4
P- 1#/;)/[TFX
MF!XNIH=@Z#C#]9!G#P#KXV@1_S;$1%5
9.0P96F(B8:8:&U:N.FL7_N]2
00


M:#G_DM@I7#G\5YY.\)_%(IO\.OB(\#T*45-GI0Y]88
A:NJ/*7IS$C%$34/4








'

ADI


(9O[?E82:K1;9XF
M7^+Y)
&Q




MR0M_1\B5'








M('8U3$


LN5L
MD6,9V_W#+/FMK%4H?RB9S?X:*#;E;6ZQ0*_'X_NXL4$0'L<EZ5JA2WJ?IC%




M^'V98V5BGFR8/6OHX3?%\AKU*?+W!/RT6UL5N*%H1_?9%^N'?L4IV)7W :
M97\;GEQPD'NPHW5+/V7;
P


Z)LX[]$OXE7C+;HE4

MZ.Y^)H)V& _47C;[8EFS;@R:S.+TOL0 ]J7184NG1:=N
 +E #7R\AZ(7(
M%W3.;'%GNX@0

Y<0S;
M:%M+F4Y=F CF*O&





MK
8?EIBP#[*PXL^[?'TUBI:H0=9OO(_1NZE?C.^=9451Z9@IMCPBN\0%A$C7


3@




.B=L_LP]$+JM&70!RSPO=]_)OM

14?30!RGNV$@*P2U6X)-3)?0=_)B
MUN'Y




=AQ6V?
OVLZ_*I!

*LP8^M85A


TKF^









 BL1
/-L?UMJ!F
M7(U*:



E


C4XN 137+

[J7$ZAA_M
A2(\T&=XL1'.RH6


MWLD


V:*G=BOU
G[H

M]R^XNY1+U:$'-:CK=QP!DR%A-2,!G$YPHD9$D:G^BH???[)8K48[5/L:@:

M_MBJ'?VA7$
YW<QO

8)MM5QVS

'


_K%Q\NO? O
M5N;J+$./JX=:WZQA



F:LLS$$


M_&7%XUN%Z/6??[S!#G:(VFU;XT_)+%Y4K_CY+LX3#S=??HX?[0R#8^K0/6:(
M] --W!R(LJUJTA9A^[J2CWHG7HE'=7=VY_;*[E6B!:-E$Y^CR+Y\]G0HXI
MH^\T:3


M'G]9_TB^_T

DE+4EHUG_=;YY.L'V ONI




MC-*B6.+FW?H8]HO=;4WN&&M=$9.-A=
]


5;27RQ







$%J/Z3!'\Q@3
-0E

M4\NQTUU+R)

MSNZ#WW2

B

]#'-W%76T)55=B!)^:I=F\DP?B,MSE?&/;K-T9_JG<<[NU=G:2
MX9;DC36RN/QDS


O&-W'\) 9_%NFYXD

9O/E_$



M_LB$CH\KNK^N&ADK[/YLAB! IO;


MK(H(B+--[)1 /OF
#3CA[462?T$F!QS%ZY.C.*PP
[4@(^^6UB-/X@(  -F


[B_'%
M?!U'5IY

M$&'


JNZ'O


M5.)@5?H76]


N3Q3*?
MX_U]\L\EWO$B$IM_+

X\B6.F^GYYI7&N
M$\!'LL:!O8/.E@M;0-ET(!W/$FPV+327C37]QE,_C?;:L@JL&:ZUHM!6%
MV=K)E8QWDP[HN
TU+EA%+Y!-LT7[PZV1D92HT9
M3D7N+#$#!RN=@8Y2(6/!67?\_C5NM)8<P^$=7N-B[5 _X&)'L.B'D61N8ZP4
MPKEL2[B/%N :U*6HR95U+<=:EJ4/SS
T@FVHFV]NFIR C@ EMC2ZB'/KNWG






KB

M]MQG=)EW(%R.B6SN:7@!VJ]&/Z?S2?*$
JSD-BMVTN!HSZ9)91) S6'/:?LE

N&*$BM^OQMQ
 'WQ0Y%\M_I'
M P'K@VW.U5N/OA%;


M_E0.+@(89]/R.7_;]72KML1O*T\8?.8ZEAAF-9^!)PG9PX@O'MS\VBP6534C
W]QKEAVV3:30EM#.NZ3T'



SI?'?PV



EZ]]
FKG$\I+
MZ(=(C%DY0;A&H3K3;B2@X@-(C:(V!BP]U2E]':JY:_]R8H&S(?0T9PR @.




MPV6WG8F#CCPP ?1'.PV\]?




E

LAJG4J0SNR&WS96+-&*






8;+KUE0]

/J6/.6!(U


IO?N0:
@X#!F'5W/Z!ND:I&N0KG/Y

I)8A#M# !]2+-
M/

MZOMB=)WEN=TR4%3;(-)%







M\N5]


M





!9/LO+M]TE<+/


MME6%;IX\9$#L^6U)U#ZCDQZ'SO$H P 1'\#TV[@$.9HMI_ S8+ BU=CB-DGM


OKQ2P@#?[3R]



M%5
6]I6WR1Q
T




?RL^!**Z^4C^Y^=)O[:ZT
M037J^5I:*ZSY6)M6PS.6#V#^C9SI*B*%V*+13&]_B K1..T=E.U]P%+C!8


Y]D]\DO

FMY%C:_BS_2L0
'7IEF1UVX[Y] 8(%INP0(#&TJWVKW^R@77KD4

%OPAI:20NEDCQ !S)#D QP-3]

M=CA5D]9R'JH&57M=U3;N* &K6K6#5WL'CA^'X2FUQ W'FY^'P4&C%]3M/(MC
MGA&IA.P.*

M92KWI8'*DG&UCQ^N4S?=IE+78J1OMJA^8]VA.2VL#4



MNQ$!
'4!C*%;\E:5V@$8[) Z_ ZIQJSB&GK7EK;GL/&KM BP#[&%HC'@Z@T&


MM=

-
M;$5H!VL[GF^!]I?-[+UH-J?ABJ[=D]7^V/^[VFE^7!P0%WUYBZ;?O#EUX+LC
M/_!3GS?V9C'O&%UTYWVF53EZ\^[?F]?9LS7OP&IF8U=TKH7G]*RP%\
=J+T[

EO'](95$5 [


W;0KVL2#PT.(




X_Y=V+//7P(BF.[





M6Q%:X(?L_33OH6R8W9_6M-3HDT[*%./'T NR


M


M5PAH15E7!?+HQ7Y(O[@)KS@^FP?1@W@XO7S]J;I  W_;\ZKTR@L\

M$+.4GB^*]TVT_V2D?)


$TAGGFL#_SH('SFJAH*.WJ(5P-[3
M*P2:R8'GS^]HIQ-ZZ.+]_-$O#*!J?^UI%+*_?I02XY/
A?&FM%QM3O-9V)='

HH=+1[OVZ0%NS+7
506O
MLN*K_?!*TTRVD


MZ5J]3E=2^






M+Y!G2J57@L*FM:4^L2UY^^ W%$ZS
\O<;NV-AQNBB^,[W
MF':2DZ%CFMU?/WZ[7OQF_/KS2L-9G]^:NN&MV/P\+WNZQ^PV\2J2J*1GM$;
MKYF7_VKTS1/W9]'SU.Q;_$?19/B9D9Q'8]'\U!@Z?9VW&W5G3/1[.^&7KPR/


&\Q%4;^7)*RY@9)M!0O

M_ 7W?CI=;3I=3H$Q^#4I^PL_$%)$CVOQ
GH0[T(=1MJ


T+#G;GT#60<0HY.]H.F(<RUCD19
MME(7X!
51@OA_CN+_81D7UCFB%31]];
&)^A)!O]FP:XLY5XQ/[K%H*\&]Z8
MZQE+LH&5.'/(7[!Z9Z=G9V?]?F]P
;!ZI94XZUG.0:V$:4NV$D^ZQ)72\M\X


M?6@8Q3





VILF)T=:-7?9T5

M2NNXILI4(R12Q][4#Q)=W1I*ZPC?%$@@)'K)K-!GNK=\/W2Y:;N2AA5O[:9H

=4A8JH6@;/?/5@IK\:#$WO ZE(G0A6-.UPYB%JMD \=
8B(U^G@=29X,9CR2;Q<@A=D
M7!;EO^7+*KRNC)A+,8LD/C$ N+X&.?N@UZ6$%F\.IN+^D!34<JC+Y$7WB;
MWUJ,C!_\IDG5IAIR


M0NZ\0H.HND+*0;/!JUD$+&4Z_YLGE6OO!(L%=$/M8 K;*FH#QK[0='Y.!'/
MY,4NQ/7E)'7HDCSLD]^
LVK


M]OK]X559=Z)G#P];=^(01J:H83+1OC$O+\GS




M+ 8SYH5:1@\:.6JB[DO.ZHO7B^)HLVCL3_P:66QMO'N:)_^D_FQZPHD.
%




;O2G*V*(:Y


1
M2XI:=Q1





M'0(: P&-91W6$AT#FZ/CK+!YU\+FG0=NDI O[:W8\*(HI[BWP
@KIL48+$ST
M&G*\_





=\\0Y6OD.40EWD;;GYZA!D5LH@DU;-WWI $4DO?
_GLHUY












A_)HMN*;M




^@[NC645LE.^=D'UX!KP#7'XIJN[O2ZX)K*
M$CC-RM.@%//CP




MTRA.WY

MD%(D_IC13=K
 Y]!8V ?UNH^2&IB#_.2%@T?A+0C)'4
M26#N8NRYC7)


F


MA

M*E*ZF)&V\Q?Q1R;NK)R4SNNVZ(D]D6D=UJW.'0LS1K='MZ'/I9Q?LS!1&YB2



Y4;IF1!W
DD)P52_7RH]$*?@RF@K\D*/-

MYX-]?



M6%&:%1;G!74%O8C7W[*0OH

[(;=#0I^/H2/EWK

MB

#]
BEBL\0SU_

MW22BL)W[L4F2Q3Q4OA*F/EDRN\CE^
7;D]57BX'RYQ2CS+]PY;Y[\KBG15@Y


MB'4*%EJ;QXST

MBH\S#/D^0A^J7C@F(DXAJSO+ 


^-*VHUO5/=<


M_:\H_OYH*PU?5V1A(A9X2+N/]O&U6EN;J![CRS[MOR PR(-UN





M5C(WT*)XV?5YXY97T

T




MW=SCSJ;NH)T($ %$+.[KZ8Z)&NM !!!180:V*;C XNO&T4KU.;5ZAS%V7S?Z

4 
:TLRH[6C;G]7
M)BA#Y@






MKO;QPW7JIFR7
WG,J.G#;0G!B,P,*QSSV32W=ZB(MA+00,+' A-W530=+)L $
M,+%(&P[UGKQ^B$V!!/;PO2#8S9A<<S&V

M?%MOXFNN)VK+[.*FR@0C-D-LMK

=@-D 
(9NR5M5
M:@=@L$/J\#ND&K.*:^A=N_KVQ*HH1-7.' )L@&MUB\1@ &@!6H!6!8YB3[=[
MW8


MR(


( G #G%F[J4'?Z\G*@^\JMW?XKL OL;A5B'O_H=3N B[.?=6D3





M
S?-XOQO&N%YF^0+-A(\S95W=?J@:A)8V**';3Y YSYR-('.HV]Y!S(;7-)&

%A;+H0GJ(ZA




9#6]$B5B4=HJH[QJATD^I9NR.L#UA1(8'UKD_6M/$##TM:Q






M.I2

;+8GFYGZP*XH1]%&-FM[&N*\

M2

6SPYJUIJU+]DS=M ZV



3WZ/'7/A!


^7!G-WGQV\1O]SF_CZ)@G#_G*HK) C'M@:P3F2@R!^-J4DW0OB?:
M]V9?C@J4[PU9'EL=OWAI-+WR#)TC;N/L@(+J!W4;G.UDQ;/0NV@=INKW<8E
M6;#(\\HB3UXT]9@(5CY))2_'V804IFGT]6Y76D4RY6=_WQ0E%EP4.EZ@O+:!

KX
MPN?MCD9\Z5?TA25M6/F7DW*)\V


M6R^:S:(PW\0WC0)2O$1;.7VKB5V2E9! 8PXKFZ))*)I:(Q.FDHUM#KQL4S?[

M?ESD( YD[9!FDAVSI0%-%7VHVES!*C4;$K:-#HJ !Q @FK#RO1Y&S@
=VQ



M8!HP#9BF_G&5\E
O

)DP+_7OV$=1L._&_?'-3=DWYD6A

M1T

M'_(_1Q/MB3[M

MAZZP7YM6 /C HWX@JM2C1\)&\GJY3/





3UHPMM4


MQT\?3V\^?OFL?;G2_OKMR_6U=GWZZ?):N_FB?;Z\*7ZY^/+IT^FW:^W$#S5Z









MMBHX^P^.;W 7:4/O]@8=:35T58%!U0X1


 %
U!X3PUZO(ZT-
M3E
0T?IFL/*/]X)$&DPB)[8\3[






M0FBKV=%)A20'GCH^3YUT):Y3MKMB*Y 'Y&V'O.J];R /R /RGB)/7A7S=B
/

@4U5CD'+PN@Q3SO_C7E3-^3?



M@LT$D4C4913'')W/_:%A8H H@^R?!:  * !*XO[;M@ */41?D^Y-E+I!


M/0O]AM [M &G


MH8L.HN@@J@81;H%BBU \CK)1P/8ZC:7\UL#_.9CXWE1


M7U*7/OW9ZU=^%A=I'@N0D]^?]=])WXG7CE[\]\Q8T_8XGVF=UKWZ*9&_ZJ

M9^Z5_)*PV

MF49QJMV+822Z-O
3
MKIINR*(L65ZO:U[

M/UQ[4QI%P+Y
+L/43Q_^Y8_9QW 2Q3.7C^P;NV-AQJ[B:';Y(V5QZ ;EWM7D



X0



]:^-M
K7;[=*7M\-4
ME;D]/#;:8X^W60]JX6F6GL1-GS!!C3=!V_@KS35!EKQBH:K
+4Q09: QMUG#

M+JT.K&8NK1[Q/JP=J^P5+H8[4+NW5?7KO\_MLT%

MJE6B:ALO*(+J*C:TM3>D)Q]#G6B+''#

M3?T@T=6MH;1]N4V!!$*BE\P*?:9[2V/39FY*5[G!-NN(F[MMK6E!
-![@XH*
$,+OK#R_ST[:ESUK\X[.G;2LHV)_.8N6,MK5/


;
VW

MX5)9\EPJ\'?%FXV/2]
]:33=#C8&7%H-%WGQ1#O@@FS12X4AE(P?U)77JKMC



RC
6Q6OHBQ.ITU 6**JL/9







M KJ K@WEU.OJCE-]QV*@^AJ(;K,@6X-@*[J(K%F!5P7?IE;*R1^$(:8;(\
MQG/

M)P 2  FTF02


M%G6:@0/@0#A&*
4


^I\K
/K@'7@&N.

''TP=&3A


MZ*H 74-+-[I#H*NR2*Q9 1=*

9&U!



R-45)+&F8[I=M+Y;4-Q\+7\GI61]ZA5N7G
M7F+&KY7[A(3_QL;:.(NYB9_D36G(HDNKS59KPSUP]($\NZW*I%=MGF&%E8&$
MNL:V3C1@.QUYA594F<G#FTZ%W/8J!?M/EJR85)FVM)G1\8DST&VK^E./3S6F
M1KPKK<JY0B!LOM56/GY[+QFY\V.*:WXC?)SC]AY/_E=1?&$^569^JK[WQ[5
MXAM=W;&E;3_;5%;M-ORP[[5!G
)F?D



8.NRDPB9C[42KF\E' CH^

ML?-:[-SMF-4?^E%E[A$[RU\I1]@L++K1UYVAM+JN




M ECS']HXRGC/G7()I(5KYY9AZY;$8N@[B[@5:U
(YOR%-[4.ZR^'Y$V:\^2
MW*^15XH.'+FAN[1_VT?Y71N?[P[Y3S?(Q*/I67_/2+*3!U+T4\^C64R3S_Q

T?7VL9)&&1I92A

MDTW_/@A4C?L.\WTU:6KZLO









M. @.@H/@P''0N.

M&&;W)ZD?]O\__I]7OT@
7?-8$!2J^?N[[COQ.\V+5_[^S!!N_!E+M
_L7OL6


_UN38N-HS?T_4I[5H
M&UD*7T ]]$SBVGSS;.


MQ^K9C=X=G
MO8NS\U.S9[[[RZ

/BFQIG/?^67?_!3$JV7/XE+[?U
M;-K7.+J-W5GR]*S +AJF+1_







MYM*(^+X_5OS
91
EPA(D;D#?/6;T29RF-%+Z^RGCC^3/3=@J9/*[QZN/&NM\

V
M
!']P?G5\


M
ZXZQ1/%T\4C!'CH2=&

M+EEQ84\X9

1.] WCAC_YAE+MP;1
M]JA8 ]62+0K/C

X=[81?5AI%L_OK

6NJ53LRJ]UU&LD#DXX]XU2V2%*OT3XX-V^)

\M'YSQZ]ESY5)^XD1SQW)$G28Y_3/3G
W ?GCA=Q\%3\91)'




%V79Y4(?L+I]I0C/I0OJ2LDAYE]'OF#^I-+%&
MKS.4-2!I4VO8LJ14HO;9U,(JV)<FDCAYXB<\92)+39N)9(GS+0W*CQ(TVO74
MG\]+1XMX?ASP7[@#E#L^A2,^YBE,5V1#HU!DZB;K7I*B'LE?2UO,O_N.A9E(
MKRU]M)/#YEP0O




J;
M(WLHWB=D(G_@U\KW!^?;$&Y([\@+]+?+Q+\9
[XGYLPK/!XSS;



X?-XF3&1G2;0!

M,
MM;8 +6W%_]'(\S5]HTO?-(KB,8O?BPABGK /Y0]/UI?WR2P7)BVGSU$ML$B
MOQ@

YN!.^\R.]?

Q)!?V



M$@O&'_D&6/I


 V8Y@A
8_4[ S -F 9





M(7%3#9 +Y *YA[.YZ&2JXJK!=G#&X5[P('AP#SD: XDM?EK?CPW@!#@ERM'L
M'?!4

T=(4+4V5



M-2 /R$



B#[:0 (0 
02$(Z\K;E- 43;^TJA+RHX9'MQ
M.*9A2K


M;0L+ 5  U$'VSP)0 !0 )7'_;5L A1ZBKTGW)DK=H(GE-6IVL$XAR=68[QMS
M?-K4G8'






.U-




XFK/%F\_=
M./9'S W+KV

SNH.
H


LIOO$ ^CI@E;I
MVFC

HOKZ=$CV/V9S1?] '

R



R1&!)%$)[HT7%.8:.

M




MM9?$B\8?5WVDN)XR-=8W=WO*
-I& E_MNXA&N]SU'=)+-YX%?.-A)

=_I+/I=B%DE\8@WL1CCW.6L1Q^P^NIL7A):D<;B

VY2[_0[*K3M5VHS^


M*V9C11DYU_*_$O_[R92-RRE_Y*D( L^?D]]'RKWV+@X*$;F4 \[?HIZ@7Z#=

MGK_U .$4CG-+^Y+NYZ@5&E%8=$)\PKBMY3

ME * JM)Q)*E




TCV%%;%\
/?%<L.C9-(B'A;^4Y9F<9&NX_M?D[4L0)[H+5.[/#AF910M



MDN=0;D/!UN7BBUL
A0N(^S5YSJ$V'N



FR8VT1('8$=6F[P64!,#XVOZ(%<!%L1ELLUK1( _[PL;T$<S+-B4:NN

?

S#H

M]@TM_PK]YZHSL36_W$CQ(IAS!2!6


N=1
_RVH4T%PP

82-


/CB'IZJ?D@O$ 8!83CZ+1%E5
MUUMQ55FXL&?#0FJ[S6\ML.0I#R]D#GE2QT)=:$^1.@B!UBQ@R-^ZVQ-653




MTIP7V$T35XV(8E-Q!?3 TR!F' @XN;]OJJ(&W
O0/W.UK-L[Q/




-XE!@C!GR;+F]J0+_%FLY^0#*N=3[O]@B4[H)5@.86=G




MH%N


CGD*Q%IRU[^R+/
MT'G+3C-2N0)4J?)\.


5HXW[FR^
MG5A3





]Z?C$_?7)



M6S^#1HWN5
N@U/-G:\A]:L-ZHBE.4X^^E.LDNO8B
^L5R*P'D]^8\- 8:G!(


M%S3/=^W+H6_]2=#\&00-5]PI(KNEM1\**1Z$%'H)3+W Y53&R'AQ;!T%T9SD

M9OL&S:4!%U@

?XKJL*U'[
[B*S$KVF_*1K(5I88A[C
MFS2X+'9$ZWX:E-

M&92S3
6F5/X]$QTE9?$JY8M?WFE +;SJ#+

BI:




M@=^FZK^4XT!SEX&[@U55B


U.9R]&Q3%7:9



EUFCZ

EIY

 [2J



^NG\NG9S UGQN8C3]R72%'

M


9^X




 B@AMUS!B/P[6,@V%][8!4_?F+W@4P_
ML
FD<PZKYW+%M=N*G

M@J=OS%[PC

D
M


MT:7



)3]AEX39&6?

M+N0B@EH173%1FL#%BW55+(JI+2.J))++


'KJQFSJR6
36EF4D$;]

+3WX]JL($E/Y/[LQ


V&0JR'1(@_^Z@;+*H@I(**
MQN3@IZJ8
M@(0X+86S$:0J'!Q80I=J^$I!G/(@A



+!M70IVQN#(B;66M(YUJUF&
MT?SU/^28/Z-257^
2D.)XH[12!I4\AE*67OK0%/Y!YO=9[I8OKDT*46VGU4
M6K[C;*CB@(XR:%-PDK#BH(EJC8#?0Z#!O6^:H

([#/S66SZ#Z]-JC4M'T;C:=C&\&\]L;=#V8#.Z&MVCVQ^WM

M

*P




V3


I#1R?P9EPMIP3=:'DTQL(JRFAWU,
MS(;HUQQ#I#AU%2MD R_$8V8GG3066JG!WVS9?LV9F^W7YGH4D+7C'G8^0PS








26GR)IX





MCTR[

EXI#P^"$W#;&QAH]B/*R?7V,/R;=I*C
MPD (# U,9?QY6H
'L$SM6%05$U/?]I=;8NXWJKPSST&8V/1#;@D;F!3\9)
M%X$YQ:_J
R=Q;7R?PFJ9;;#9&Y_G]ZW48  22;PQN%I55\BR+144WR65_G :
MF+DPAO% +$*?D^:P+O%;^'
&;SVNC




M-L

MQ);%
/;J:8+5'@;JNNK?9D/3ZMF;V@*M)*]OB^3-O/R&\?M:E9T43STX;M(_



MY]E*2
37$ONK)A30!7J






3+6

MA9]Y3T


MOSU_
6;JHG%B
^+Z]Q0%.^G&#




M'0MI)'M3VP?DD7UE_(4-04K


M_

?ZF;+Z\HQNS5




T;
=Y%9[/ZN8F?[W[

M !)M.U)/5.A+HG?UY
8



M7#6G\R;'&]P)



MH2.*6#O*))=2XDX


X8B$0II
MI@SRF!*$A:;Z
ITYU(P9\_*?IK!PU_F%OS_]L38I'%2KN% U88J0D@2X9
M11!122+'-372,8MCMSE/'\Z[(]5*2+8\7G=M $H%[/+V'RZM).EH)0MR;%5


M8O3_D.J-.GG-WHASC

M;O2WBME[
.X:
/.:UBMT%E
.OUL^

KTG$P*22#UY1
<\(.

:'G=Q1.VOF*%N0;K 3JK8*%&




GAK[8]I]:Y6S
3)J+7(N4A1M8(@D
M'&NF$.<*(R
M5!09)FSP*3@NN^V0E E:.JN[8/J45%M=-W?O';?6.6Y3F!
1A0Y-D@8'Y%0
M!I0



AV@%






*YP^F8


/=33XW(.B:X5\N5@$^RG /+'8'OTC*;'D#&6

M& D*F3UF-VR? ]X//(5]*6W_MYKFU]2J ECN(5F-%$Q4R%)8R9SD&@7)G8X6




MPA6G43&6$RPF(Q%C6;5)FB*.C9

+&RC


 L**@*(A



ME*NBI#YJIQ'GT25E(M#S@47*NN(A&''.8Z%#]C





F^P)$%F+2Y%=WVG@M=1WF
C.H-ZS+^VU60O&WOUMPS+F!%(Y705CA0
M


 UC!
M%!;MD Q'A@BED]0^\FY











*YZ+GMGG !0YRWW7[5MA




MPI4R;




2M+C?M;W;?CQ'WQRALP




MRLTN4\9]I4HDGC@F%N7C#$@+@%/8'#%BH]#&A'Q%[#-81?;FR2!0'8(/\



M.WK:R[A5A^?@84 ^!'M;1]B#3:!M2/BC5F4XM2$%CQQ/%#D;%+*6)!0-5Z Z
M*$5X-W\L_Y-P:2^L#D&)'6RDI0I5H-IP#:JC%R(OW-(CY8)#/H%9&#3GO.-I




1+QI?BO*(_(TB!

QAF

2ET
MX






8(YPXC=

*TI5WS)8KU:@6 5P&2S5B$0[0B.6(P[[9)
M\HQ?N^[8%+ ^E@7=RKF\ND*5HH;.P4P1:)LX&/188G3^BVH?







0RDG1/0.

M9(I F6GOYE8(*YZ\
C2QC3N\!TVJ

MV]O140BQD3^_OLJ_.#!5__:7_P]02P

M !4   !S869M+3(P
34Q
#



M\-5___KFXQJ-G_+Y8IG.)]F/__%O/_SPU[*891^RBQ_B?W_[\/I!_T4ZGP:)












EY2N!_[I.KO^G)5-R=PU


MK




42NWHGREG!:,6.\QPA1#AU#%-H.NSJCL2HEVG5);
M:MI<JW5H?;P#: UV]<+OV3%99E^N8KO%&J
J+U]$JP
9#@Y2577'* :[8
MPU@W



M! (FB!-*\ZE19!R6:V$% BL1V4=(![T0LN303Y)@W;T:_Y8A'__\N7_+ 

M? K?K;/)=O=(')0$^HYT]HS3(A7C'N$$=*


C!
MG;=*ZW&XXX:X&NT.I:&^?M@W03.TLOLWG=-\34KLZF^


MPJ.46Q_BNG8;N_
V6Q[8&P[V2X3D1E O$782&J655]4D84:@1J$5IQ\41J Q





MC5R


M_L9)L'-YQXBJP7&Q#@7K!K@G'  P#K#@8]
[7O-=/NA@G$5FE%

H2JHFE*-CR
MT&%K=






-Y$
MSJ/;.E![K'9EAU.&']/] KP9YH*[%&D

6L9U)ARZ9BRK'M,D9&$L0RA-;@]+SW?5)!7W[NX<]
MIC3O
%^O*Z[[3&ZA8* VJ@Y
U2\Q

!H+XI'(/IS'BEJ;XF?M$V$]P@
WUG.X_V
MCQLGQG)@(1%A!65AL9-2N
K(43C\8E2[_V!R;XO3 ()_FRT#'
5U]J98''+G


E4
MN^Z12.!=90HH('T.NSA2%6L:<8:6<=9W8Y_]&V5AGB9!Z2OHQV2
ZB5RR


'W*





U1CUAS1.S'
$


M$LDMQ4)Z01W4$G'A*Q8T(;JT5J<#:2P

F/BC@(MB_5A&$/*K8\
R
*PES
8CSYBR_N7I=V/'
MCYTX SFP?B%G!(.%#&ZLHAY.%LU*GK63ZWU$6GFT+/6DM[4
M2#D
4W2VZ/Z)PP ;[RCF!GE
MM G8
KUUYWC:**E=/X7=QZ]FK:#M-7S\]BGOI_1[OZ'$]S[3=T3OO4]MY;G/





M1Z8.:X]RT8;]/J3SB]HGG5]4HD7@AQ*DM1*




GDBA*5&*Q+)0#&)$#-]Z4[ QC2XM.T]:=YY=JEOHAO+*
N7WM<E
M08P1CC&/U^;$

'2A$
5UY4A



K5S^ GD_SWA;181[)_SS+-IOYZ6JV:Y0$

I:4FI@^RW)#MW/'0UEV
#%

M5E@BM%V5H6B6$J[S.DCGT9=62 T5#/&8VD&C'_HON!*C)^=!X_+!/M
D#*.K
M27U+Q
VAP(S]C1
A)?(Q0ETZIK14C%!#@-12$DL)K9O*/3-E5F4LMK0O+N-@


2%)C2HXEX Z%,R;F/BU
(N

M@:.5'

SH[=-/=U3,*WA)<44:\9 PYK@.Z(QW1$ES(=[(;0 9Q5FY(


MU!@F

4X
\A);L96PGQ<Y:HM(@.8!@]IK]UMJ-Y8A!G+9AD@XHX'7U%5
M60O-Z!R570CHH*Q; ?-I#X6I^=8A#VXD#]D7XO9UYA ^@&Y]:5J#O5+L+1
M&@4\Q(Q'DUA97[$)$!Q';81N!/6XB$V'N P@_C?9






M6#5* JPI\PYH*NMD!/0K$1A;];;,%)M U G4HV/[1O(]6&WQ'/B KT024*U
MH(Z*.\(A4(TRZG5^^SVP9%M!U(5L77YY=;IH'_9*C#**.FUALP2K6*4346V


MHV[K'%'I
$&



M6;7'Y RKK^%V-DA5H+'6$
A5MMSG:7*
M#E29ZWP.S$Y@.8_$ZUU6^_HD6B @<3&2A:8#
=


M




MG;F!%';)L14

!P0-0I*2[21V^P\SM!Q/6;J
M1(HMV#_3*]

H%/&8A3G'CB)162QCU2%$6U7&

ZE+1:WZFN:S:$;ZHOSX)9OD%_GD_:K\4BRR=:[:3U?I

X


MOOV/^!3G0_;/55[&-


M@R_B[[

MCI;($8643H
4'2'UO8Z1B$

QED9P(IVAWE9D8J^&$EVKY E'0WU$\H33\!BI+\T:(3 #
MW'J!'?$&&TJW3%CT/.(.FUIE+9 8:

JRVQGA-V!UHDSC)( 

,_BS'<O\U7BVRJTUDZGV3O+A[58E679;;VZ*DRLUD\T@2PI^?S;K_956KC
M!_WP7Y)




M);=







V?!403 

I$Z
;9=?6RJ
+P*;#:P)T377F_6]$PT=A0P$!EH.PNRKL


MNV&6 MDL4OWTY.QF@UML#J+8E3TGKY9/.J:A(DE-:?$AB46:&(0-;QB5BK/
MGY,5T5


]P0H]O_S=T[G^Z6-LG 8PA9#'3$!. !.2
;;QE
_MDQ@I

MLBCS?ZU]2[4NM/K.B7

9=D1!I87V8IT\HGKU$O[C

3?:NLJU*HCGXZUOV4 *!]+(-8/A


IMF_R56I]OZ\N8?


X*
]KH0KV?F@$]Z4
/* WU

MT;]DB_36?ZO;-<B4=<E+&P^6*&2:@6I


 AVNN


A660:*@4=&%6Z8IQSVOK.0]1['@XX1:] YB.

;W:7V



MFY(#2A3@$BOE*E81MXUN2'LN$3N4
=
!7D.X8Z/'.


_VR7#MV@=[[[
MR[

M0$4YOZN\=
SM9^

M





82&A8H
LA'5U88#OK
MJ=.-GA]V_ERM9U$U1:.=3?%Q]7F31/3F! MC5Z^$AI.3(DY)Y+ 4T&#J;46V

M==
H$J4WD_I
&M
YC$V






MFX6#GAYG\
R



(MM=I&5Y5XK*V)SA]03

=T


MW

MD9@*/T*/ XC599D=ON0[NF^BN3:(!3:B_GJC8DFTB@76L-AI?WG_.I!E#Z@T








MRAFCP%D.O#-42GAWE-+-'@N_Q!O-@9%N]/2@*3KWX@/W+J\=?R%Q3%KA@=88
M&:B1A4$H&S@TIZ:9P?&2;A+/_B@^K?^X_\6L^DV(*IS!7SZB41S $68A09
M8;WB'FW=F&'7 
V2L;VD[LS(SZHF[R&W]*R\ML^4N1SNKO
/KX5A)L%\:1

M:*H'[QJ[9OD#X(N[:QL!](VU\_
!LC_?W#5Y^)0^TGL;CE1L@O(/JF57'TD4
M$E812C0WPDD:!$6V&XH0H-E+BY=TUW9VS
?L=EK_\2'[YRI?Y
LJ'*GOQQ9[


@%4.*%1+/0!C



M!S'.N&9A3G#$E#3Q





]8NF.+8S^'
M4$\0YKGJMA
;U4<-#L*]^90[DJP':/25+]UFTW'F!@:4N[!\&1JP$IPB


=V[GS&

\0/+ ^
.V[_M_0TNZ[
M

FHII


-)XR2*&X2(
YP)ZW  1B)5



#$U
3 S

MQP9 @K6^Z[*]MKM[)SIN*)@2
LK/)B]Z]_</YD_\'*=NMBD^_N__4/?_G\!G^.
MWK[]P__XM__V+__7FS?_AWQZ9\7%^O0[?965&;I/MM8O^;[K];?-EGUBW57




'9]_WV6Z3

M-P

M
B?X

.
MY=B; :4!<5C?Q0[* 0HB<

MTC43LW)*UH&TBCNK(_@$)PL-.%)KM@!!G





T&5BX1'H.Z!#A.+(5XMA].

ML4X46M^N
1WEVW#(  T *PCTL@)(H)='!&#@U\9CO 

MYDM6/E@;WGV*VVU^7VN79#U&F4(5L3'#WDBUF2U8N

M$V $



IISC5*K;\W$ 656B.WFW9C=AVH+XSC9]@FY/I
]KGS



/8)5+#


MH(W*A0P+^OPY'Q8T

':3*



N










U+?D!Z1IY(NFWF
MU[)LSX3T\


T/V+C#2G*LOBUON_Q+SOVKEO'\YOY\;5RPXZ^IA ;169I!;E!


;&1'S*;P.Y

P







1E-(P92.&I:O#
MH10:J3


9\^EL2=3
M1U:W8KJ:_&JQ1U.MYSJ%(VL\6MG36-M92$%'I9 C3.DRI$B#'Z*%&TEFY';^







MIEK+5*1.9N QRYK2(

M9/N3I2RN'T;0@[;KNM0+(AO&X=$&X7=-2U07I)YL.%CFFY15IE\EZ1&L'!AC

%0N46%R&9BAB/R\*




]Y@:A/5#OK

MD6& FEL

I(^7%$8%494Y27.MX=]MED%V/


MA#&Z;1J.9

!/JA=.+)+V9PBG?]O/





MX]=\G6Z;(!A'#K9OB8HQ$
+
M6S3T,



6NZ]7V<H\RJ-6 %2G4EE]#+H17_F


M]9_NBV\_
E]YU.OS+[@T^2?![@ /KXB0#M;F%1LM'A3ZWB&)(/=CQEX:-M;=

I*6]RQ]9]J&[\LL:VXI,(X02&(XP0&MAA


M.1$F.
'=B XBZ J=!Z7'DN%1\K@5;ENCN['X!1#I5NTVGI&DBE6PI^-3;B@[





M3B:K%7ODUW1G%;O


M[K--5%3[#W?'BRY7;A@Z-+&)@V+/\USV'QIWQF*7.
(5)'43AM6_!V;5M\M9
3LQ<1+5EFD(5NE7'\/_S2R

MDR2
$/ 2-W)1XE'26;7C 
C=NS'.EODXO8?7=(_J47I-W6@^Q4+D*:F479-R



M'(@])W$@L/TPB$('.@GG3'B$J$CCD::,*PW7XINHH;#8Z'169Q469N#X 3.
M6Y%LMA):)3
8CONGD5'P]&05MYDDMA)^%-

7D=3=
2DM?Q


 M?Y]-JYUZ+]1SK6/


M
\I29(8X'5K$D5DUM/G5J&=)3H[DR5VL'BFX<EV05/D15:1/&1.\G <6G_?,
M2GND3 @C&D+7@P@%Q(4N\A%H0LPBJ ?.5)7-:I9
*Q!1U!6C4I.B!1)$U
@

X[&98C
2!\*G2^6Y*%T7]
R(VG%\Y4'OFNG3EEQ


M[M'68&LO=;!M7.9K+1JG?R]C[?.FG&6H57R;?N\CK2HMDPVTH]IM_G'VKW60
MT
TO('6X5VGWN\
M-=3@Q]RC^_4[V[4?=&@LPR\ZJ_5[WWL'<'
9
/OV-:;?P0^KX:'@4^ A\
X
T]?P3R?!G5=?\BX@4TA(AB[(;HC  L(^P;+20?;*ZO9I[Q? R(P_M



W
0C3MSY%P0V649XHMLKP^')\T76S)?EAR;:WYNY0Y
Y

MXQ$(G

M.2'DOUHP(O

MFFT.V^S#79S=[K^DM]N34_=IC&#L0N@'!!+'B:AK0QA!WP8Q1+X/I5*_
88


MV;=B^XV'B(W[%KXOLZ;HP(8[UM$9W@=&S^6][Z9;5%8TIVQ

MH N2U2M
FFLKM98FN!J\^NB^NIE3EZ*?T[WA[*VR;P\(E'3Z^

\:W5H?&;EF.EJ$(\K#/


7U.&_'ARH\BJ$_74W*N!
MR,JEMHTPQ#8+0B!((@HV!GTHNE&/
&-:.9E788]L_L@:;9-PPAD0Q*9F(
M/SE1::B[E+!
JS71K0&@VL+D-U=#A2:'_C-&3]JR .8X@2$(60^# .L&.#
MSA;+C^+5OMBG6ZFP1=*E/[T8*1'YDYY;JSZ(4H1CQW(RHE6FG34R%90%E$
MMAPBS.(R9&:D#R+E#TE&1



MJX4BE(E(HE;J%Z:

M$#J.'W46(Z;-2JJH8&?^*]!=V/5^Q740%5N)34.\
TJ@=Z9PQ:?V_0S25R

=VB#R
:6?5
M#6-7
5=5LF58I$XP636HL0FJ&J'2F:EQ+N642II&T^GH:_R(Y:&CF%V82HWU
MYG+FJ8$E:;4ZWG+R=I\]X(?BP.*Z-HKS'6;9B5! 70^@!#I\VV!KVL90;8)A
MC
^Y'4<E.-=DVO1&V@



MSMV+

M_\*WT-7'7
E)L3)E8@H[!5MRPEF?!':$='-:+3A&-M
JX@66!H1N+*_+T*_1

M?132 

+U/D;MJGU'^V
)*?89N2



&*R(\_+L'0;I411H0?9&(AKJFS]
MI_OBVX_
)Q[2^/P+KAG^221S[N\KXJ!



%N2$%G
MAT4

^&I\
MS:\/(_&_$@*
84)&+Y*\6J?;?\_2
F$_J58ALOTD 20.?0109 /@TLZ2CR-/
M5C%DGS^59C2X+ [


MYO&%_J_&ROQ]7A%W
?9]$._;S0S&I^P^YQ

5M4A*U<1H@&V'4#]V'.
 (NZNL=-/2%=J./MS)-/
+1O?F%
MP[

M\*33(D4FA;
C\R2J)4FR_.G+E5YE9#AE&D?B4G1GK!LO$R@=O(BKSE^+[6&W
M3\NG)-^RCKM/HAAK'ON@DER'& W:\]01AC.;F1??HT.M.CLAI8LOHBS9FH

H18W)ZD#)ZH0D6Z(J88XH)8T0Y$B;0CQS
M?U ?U(A:BCHHHG^A#6-8D


MG  R522AFX2DLP%P(EEHD7GR-)K4(+)J2++Z(\63J-R8HDA)7838T:8D)ZX/




[M


[33I83/;&2^OLV]VZ


)P

M2T+'!CBBV.Y
.SB0/+5:@T'#P\\IQOJ6@O0$G.RIUCKX%1L:)J=63NI/X=U8

9/I(RH8V*A\=L5S7&
)66H6F*<3PN0Y'&.G$^-:&#$^&+FWF(5['G
M)T49%X?;_=UAB]?K^L;H58)C@OD\(F3_)A&)PZ@3.N!31VCZ7XLAPPK48[/N
MBM+:LOB7)6=\Z&_Q\0P_R[^EMUO)*_;&L2LF19,1*R=(SSGM@%D=LHFO7![@
M:$=M%[#(W2X\KY+<KZ^!%/.^RLN3)*$]5OZ3?Z7<ND1G)=ME=OE]!&\24

88AP!B$3J^2T!7:\*[+EO$TL('75QS3[[+SHZ/9%
W\IB-2-NEK.6QK

%D3P_-RU L;=Z\2/%TLB2J6\Q:F;&8+LZ:?T^*

MOUC
$
MT$!3+$,333A6&'^-QRIE%U)^ZK.PE4_] #')T[BA9!EQ&$2=:;MV'=6N^P^


D\5S'#E'BX1!U-AU*T%A]


M5AOC6%W




M9I




M$YZ]/_%$'OZ,_F5AUP_QBVJ1W@T+.A:W=K1L($)$A#[5/%[%2UST.30[+_









MW.





R[G[6



2

MO68

ML*=?Q:Q46J=A3__=A-M4KW

#3;&
#
B$8\I[
M3B6Y$U5+;IVE3_P??MC*MW3+I?QC5N;%YOS2A94=(!![V(^=&$5N MS8Z2[_


T&73\+J'4YC6)J_6VZ(ZE
U\
M%.^P=PPV2P1[W'^6BUBT


MT/B

K1FC 

BL%)P4F/%E


G&6


WHO
E4VVII!%KJX?+F^-TF7F+^.9*.YA: E#Z/ J2--

MLHHQ]8



CJEVI*_KY
;C@&




M7Z^+ [/V*5MGS/+M-N/'4#52L/(3&\0^X LKG#ARG
B+HLZDAPB0&NW'&#*=
M#[38K+('=V-M^74*Z79;_-H=0/O?W1L66O%CGWC7J;LJ^Y';_\B7C!9&42\8



M578&E60
FTN1E%$^7-[
K\R(J
C$V5W&7I(-L]943DZB&A![#HD )780)D[B
M)R@..HL!=:0RIC%V# M.!VV$W(QB44QTIB)03GIZ[OA5?5T1E6^181DFS_2;





M\8;%C(.JN]IM!TOB9A%PH;E:B*NY,2IIHD!LGI$5@W)/%D2QV&9)TWM6*N7
M[]C-%?;$3J5ZU=]7=%@#.0LX)6JD X6V%T4NA/PY77_-=UGY=KDC4&(
/8B



MOAN[
-G:[3RJ7N6
M9B%Q[O#Z<RWL+D,!];@B,04CR8^H4GW8?\W*=BT8\_RXT 4%





M'8=.XMX-^;!4.6L)$D3A@6H/[3GL8&E=MJ1+&W




T9Z\=+


M)4L\*B0*UG8

MR8RP'\&(NE('PBB:

60T2.BUKH]_7V4%_B


M6S/;JRA(B.U%=D)$F$[CAW0;1)







S (=C
*H.!

C4!HO=B1F72==D(=

=^GVQ/KJY!Z
M%%

O!B%MHV[97A)$
D=4*/!G.DTFN%ZPP1EW23W$D@4TQE9F82#G=


M.WY%T+-CCN]8)K9?00@=3)EU1!V


MSM@\[=R3LU*3LL*4+D. QCAP=1)6D@M=1Y2N?


'!#Y21B@&-H0VY3.(:(Q6V?6N

M?.!#$@$
8@1!9P




B]_[HMQ_M:*4_7V^2P7[M2@-5X3.  -RTO;^

M3Y5%6ZBUM$1O_ FO P1'R7$ P!2'P(;+=[:A(Y0HN_19]EN#?^E+%'Y#+=
M4
]W6</

M4W*EED28X4Q'(B'G70VT;LKD%'(4[.LK$(!_X7,0I4)E:-6ZJOI/K,WIS&]
MPA[&($Q &! 8$6BC*,2=10PA53U=1=:.88WM#_G8\T,^VHM3_Z.XK;]?LU_D
MDN?ICN)4KX\%9UROSLN)3NMH:6:






K10JT?7XM71;(DJW$M#YUBBK^Q=97J
'_A%@2L?\
C9

MC&%Z&1*HRYG+!83Q'(T3KFY2YB-[*_=XM^%[FQZ;&BUT$ 6!AV(70
?S8)*


M$ZGSO
?8
:Z4V2
_&.MX4U2SUDF'2 H2.480]7.H2_QJ9$L0N1J(M*#)$;MD






M01SX


M'18Z:$Q*P;7A9OKVT'&B26 3ZCF18]/  P![B1OASJ*/8;SZEI6WA8XS3:Y9




MQXL:0^


M5$/_2(:)E[8&8L=&J64V1


OJI
M



M;F

D!M373(LM064.^73RQ

(T*D=OMK
3B[%OZ]


MK:*WFFBF04Q6%$7:8M:R8D^IAM*B?/


#K@!Z;;*5E*+)1#XOIWGF=




MKP!MHZ+VM/6SC3N#1R7V@F&U'9AXB9.@!(&


M\JI
GAJ]4SU=QEA;R*KW?

&
M@)@6ZYQ!+K.Z?D6R_:]9QN\GVU7%-M_P(Y*MWJ73J(][5:M(DK%7/-U:_!*;


/5ZRHG8

31U1M7A
MD9
I69K$-


XNTV

M










=AZC
M(VLYFG2)IL&)C)'

M3D%+9I FB!?
*&?F7#+#K.F^?4'WC=4@KJ/='G
]*5(M1A@5J!Y*2PTVW#+D


ME%.O)

?)#B./!_;M%^'


MZ6V
96B@9I\*DZ^OG!Z^SWYM5SXS+?Y8%COVY3H[L7LNRRR?=VCD)0X*0H!B





=

M5O0VWVJ[+VUU3TT4




M-



MZC$O5[.




X*UW*J-S;-
!T\


M,'M[<;K<AIY;;36)BFTZ3P6:Z_X2M!9@-I]-J:M-C
MWWJ';+.DX^&FRZU#PW?P[3*A.84 =RM!J\QP.?W*K7FLT^&TM]&K(PR;P(
M1P$C*$V3_O,Q(:#C4?E/M3PA-D4=ND!Q
CM2MGA!#;C2-%AY\FGWOL+^T=P

IRJ(@27D2

![8Q[(TX1&/13YJ7&OY+WLR/]4KLK'W6-G S&7
M(C?S4()8D.'0][G?V^ Q!9UGP3[9\NCOP

#'M;_J/XQQ^V
MQ:-8J61)& :!UX2L@!'+HMHCS()0JEUQ%C8+ N1J7NUM4-.X]$HMZD!;2VQ
M2S_Q9H8)JXU;U#]/:X]Q?]Y.JT_G#KU,ZP]\D7Y/^;G#@A$;=P(G&-Z;^52

N!\0





ML


M39



,
MHE98)P60KF&/'+5,VF2Y%(C7KAW+JM!C8

M7.\)X-EB7EI

X)
M
B2].V

^EC%]7)!5G
78I9ZL;!

(7
U JVID*CJG2B-D3AF 0=59I(;FU-B.[C_H
M3!NJ=*I




_

 ?8FEORKX
YS%]5+J0

1
X
M
.


?
M-6;UNC&OCEOSJF_.JZ-CR-8?S8!9G\=S$?6 +32!D'M(;ZMQQ@$L:#^4RCMY
MO^=@GE
?XRSBB9NQ)$TX2GB

\2-=;.8H7*358[V$;Y8L7XIE

#WZ^G&_R_WN9-]E?GP8BB
MJDGY!=T=JC&G(
Z@+

MN\'S;?FMW#Z_BI

OU_43L,TLC)=-'Q_W;E+7KO;

MP?-+LW9W5'[[W+XL





B^9A3@1TH$9
MB/V]O9]IGT^#ZDN9AP

MZ'N

02D/D3TL333EU
M1OZ




M2+I$3F


/$9

G.4DP=RG5R23Q

MW1C4 N.\2;(**/L^

D3J#RNDEO*CM=#18$?\K_
M=[6FN\U6K(;7&_RCW

0B




M)Q5/WE

MV=MQ!JV&H\FII$@-2*?B#MH)Q8(NT$S5P[G(U27!
L3R1$3+E#=O2N*89$EC



M\_IKL?Y6SMLM]21.
&=ARM

R97H5F;DL)O9)41(01V!1R=6$TP/(T;1*DUIN9D]7;HC
M\[6/)[12CXL)9&J8Z]

1^[.
X1%[&



U =4UX$1EM/= ]Q]*S;;NB?M$UF)ZV8HXKY+
M4,CC./3XX2HE\5,**Q@,_GC+^GM I)[?KD*:W.+7,E\PX0529:D*X&M+BQS


MS5':'N:5^F+




MED:(Q0DCI-Y&2@.2X;[^



Z@$Z#
61PCM5FD1-<7[TB^^H]MN4F$1ESDTA1LF<P 1BUI_*5K?3
MK
%U7:SK;^3WA3=+(NKCC*0)3D.7ALP+4)^]AH
XDKK89
20[3///91Z.EAW
MZE4WOY



8P*QDRI/*_  Q=$WD;YOB;K?\6-X5LRS$KAO'
M+DNP2]T,8^+U3R1@:*:D7NVMTP[B

M?7CQ31@NZT
0]N.I6&V*F8N3D
2$AB[V





M50]G


]0 $]5!4]Z]IY!&690O%;#*[XNCB@08\\1E


OJ=\ #+4X)4E.R:SR Y.J Y31*H^\Y.*




O Z=
M4\
#;
[HL2BQJS48@= #O(X[_(H[E1TN/1(!VUR#D:FVUW6V0YK:\KKD_[E]


=R:U4PM2K7;]Q.!&(:=9P)!+8Q9$!(6L/Q^)
MTQ0KG31 /M^R1.]7V TFM7
 $%VPO7M;3
D6#9FPQ1B-N<M1XO/,SJC

WK.0G6I68PJOM0F6PJP+B.SS.\ZD
M@Y#G-RD@S;WN]M&,SW?M[6\VSY4Z_+?Q6+F9803S-/$CY
XYCQFM$__2$//
P*R7*:(S:KW.[#
MM%L4./_44'Z];5(O7FQZ'KGCW#X[Q[_7N=361NC?$*KS

=TN
M%S90QNL#T]A^&='_U\531FX)Z[-4\\??ZVJ9J_NV@JDWHU&:
2Q6*7[(?;%N




M6TUT80(9OUM
8\Z9  ^O[Y6
CVB8?8SV LV'U6:[;LYX-DW-@9N'?/7YJ:D%


(9V$4L*QW





B+BSGS9JH

0RCP=IFG-Y

:1YV


90&E4_=/: TY*#7*2W&$/%O^7+77/0W.KY*SEOA=SY




T(HL;T$H-:6$;VG8;
M6M^



XC6LU

-/%/'868\-]

%V)9+K[HG

?W\
M\72;%QI

W






M8+H


]^4\@)TZ1: :9F1V5P-O71R1%ZL4AO\5\Y
G!NH<U:_K
MQOSY@6Z.3ED!MLND^BI:@T1+:OF&J8LJ
[K5#1-PX
W



MD



O%F^N2U-*(\+2S(\R-TM0W*L7(I2 COV5C5B7E39K*W\LE/9EU
F3




*=%

M4-I41-HB8_HRW8
S(M10-G6D
MVB*K1L0:61/KEYY+R[4B85


M
(O\WB+F1+X6O:8=^Y*=:(@
E#0%Q;;(E[9@]]A
Z#642@VYMDBIFEI?[(5J
MPOS21UE=5F1F@K*LZLDE5=9B1TF4?RM7Q9%%+T0!#7R&

MY5\NU[1C7Y13#26!DJ8@RA;YTA;E'IL)4892J2'*%BG5#Z'!U*J)]DL.9$5;


DSM
3@VJJ2'3P%(19 WN &H\#(=J4JS*I9P.



M


]?C$8JB* YIXG/:;YAEJ1\$\F]=*9NPK#P]L&/5@;R5
MI$Z=Q(;6
*S!A.8482K;61K


OR6Z-J

O2
MVN-QOC2'9 K' WZY%;/5IFR2J()OKY==D7%@H*_,VC16R.OS*4/]15XM^
MXR\A28RC-*91DI(LRD*WS^[+2)W%5SCXX=5#*4-?Q72X*IA@2\MW1AEA_\M



!IO5H&(!$.34;
M@C^8?BE1-\!387MN+NB3+IO341M+RX^&Z;*BDX!V4_YC_K1;%*MU]7WNA!_






=_^13-TEZ3L









MZG
NLLI+<!31




M%48R'Y

MK;E
.:PFGWV RA!IT]1EJ!/O*+

Q1@0MPD)AG)
M0C_*/.3V1KP


DF&IM[*4


M[I^#9:F7X2C&(51B#Q,&-V'L=0E4@?T9BS9/BXZE^GR4?61:$UB+^OL\)P


GBE+G2-+

\KW85O8?WG

K-_ O/K0[XNA'X7B^-_=5/\V!)!W!\SW\MUZ41][CO^EXB)#L
W92D






J



'+I#%&=OFDHBHX#
1UM&.,':E[0DTPTEC'B$\Q20*7!1R
MSC*?8[9?U/%
OJ*0N@G+M5F&DID2YWET5H0-I@^G.2

MVC4D12KEKB6==?R$+!MB:@+7E0PX41GM/8K[71_W%T
132E'W/
SD@1!2!DC







B/DX13[N]U+
E

B7




PW]M.9=-4P/!Y[/O3D'C$(OB.*44+&D90EC-&!9
M;R?*4C9[*M9EM?BZS==;R9
YL W(:'T-1WK@DN*^7-5SFD/R95-9H$X6;Q
'






$=.ELB)#!1U
M_._FR
&8T

D
MBA
:\+0WAK( ]B*SFHF!PJ?O^;UB\ 3F#!0]V:1++7SJ$8T;/[WBY?T 2I7(

M\ 
4I;_G\R;
ZHV1% 59Z@5IX/LXHC1*TFAOS(U3!3FFAA(B+YUL)24$P;
M2(-L



M@A@9(AD@4
/SJR!:^;*Y&-Q :O


M6;
ZE
ZZF.=+8%5U4Z3*Z=8(?
($K*=RC]#I(%X=/1#3HAQ6RN28NZ!IAJF?


M&[N
IHC%!/D]0$^L7F6$:P18EH6.5 )
?:LI*T4()[KKYD_.K@-:UXC;KLMY
M_5= L9



IAAAYH6(1#PE

=!]D #BV=W


Q-O=CU
M


MPZ]U4:UA3UM6]\0:$59X
_ULTJK@H;*XJK)I7%ZY&!(MDI*^ @DJ*8B= M






C$ Q3

MU1@O5K7IK-S
E]5&R/$!1.+S) E#EU+7HQG% 7&3#@0)20I*6S9LVK(@'J%M

MNO




MK--J.RNAZXJ0U

20

2&)5$%_2B2568#(9)TFVQGA

V1
MI::73=:]NEQ&(*KI26F]

ID7DBTLM]

M%

M



M

D2A@/(S\E/GH8)UR!=DQ



M8_=@CNBJC:214?2FQ::M.+(\JFJ.!0I-J
Y[[ VD.RT

)1E'HI8BC &7<1SDB8\1Y)/XP?(XA;WA*
M9QD?H7=H[#2%L4
-.ZU@\6!C(@U@_(3#3D


HATR FCSH^7KB.9)7OG^;(








 G$G%W+&P4O

@/4)I%-*I?)T0T





EEQNZ4[



[3'C%LY\MD$\AM?HW$


M_P%02P
O/G+__Y?_^/?_[^??_Y_^OW;
MGVQYN;PKIHN?S*P8+8JKG[Z


#8+?_E_O[W]L!+QY_%TOAA-+XN__*__\=-/

X6GQ:/UNC[^K6G

M;JNG%[/B?C1N?)*QI7A'O6G&I9V5.NI9
TWNK-16S_YC.9I%-D^^^?$T$G\\
MFMC18O3'=+2



'K;YS=UBU- L
M-*C;5C_3_+CZCCCM1?=O
KY.L^;:&M7(OAGOZ_.A[?3=_V:#*Z^U0V5Y'% H

&V^MJ

MV4IW


V.O8D3]W0)#9
M8H#


!D'G_HC\N?XP#NBSFCB2]G



E$?GZO&.QN_E]'
Q

#H63N?H+SME^#*Z*/31V

:#D8HK!PG7U$LM
MHLL:5]G5LLG8W'W['W'COG=M]$#?ZB;T^^)S
5T6^Z?GS16B8
932:R.:R3.

D

M$& 


MN&*8


M?R]GBULSBCB


]NLZU3-9=MHY]BBBV)VF11R4SSZ7E-^





MH*44WG

__O[


M&GS$ASAT^?$(FJN.D^+G^'-[%K1N+&(#1&0$FHY5=&SH0A5@ B2F_;JU%\B
M.#5^9JKC=/AY/E#=&8(T2D?M2-

MEIR3ZNV(]H





-!

?;SQ\U^E'

MV :DO6T_[=UWBEN%E$HC42,:^@4%-7VB(;297+AU)]X;C7XT 


@&N+1LU=+GU8@[H]!CX)<
M&C/H99T@ ;-4




MS#
N)?8L9;0A5FL&*BB]


IR8UJ.?7-BPZHU#K6/9#K?7IN8EI<N=$LO=\Z?Q*D?#V^

MULMTK*&JU; '!F:^K7OJ1SP=D.=H;$\@D/.( 
Y 
)+21NDH$IA:@JE?1R=J
M(%WNR?*I7S7O





MB[QRM:GU-G





M2;L&Q5.-S_1!RW9X4O:
?@^S293A(8W

%PC
M9M.12^8]@U,G49?Z?DFM;+A[N7SP7\OYPV75C^7[XK*
M
*(LW5)3V'

.'BN;QB?$OU:U$^/*9?J#)GKMS)U
2VN


M#W\_@F5]&;C!&JAY(X$(B!6&CH09  JXJ  QFO5V0_($YVIFV!J'KRXV
M@XCZLGJ(BTG#&015\Q%]%VX-Y70P'8? 3_44V)=\&(O]8[&?Q#2O9E^CH6




M.G;!QLYT
1P9U]D\VW$==S06$!


M
%


X!_N:/#:.BD




M0L36B#+46:.VU,/M6I=W2\OH!X'=_


M(#2-?@/4T%LHJ-?:J/6#4=%/U7MS?'?D0D179_Z^^%Q
E\6O97DUWVW6-Q4/
M'@HO-==$:2#3%AADH!(

E0R2

O3QFMU E7Q8^UC0%I/8YLVOQ31.^9.4T?[J
N24[\ZV8DI.@+7'DA2I_EH]35AM*!





MXA#QJX_N
+SL4)

MX5].5Y? OHYWK7MWU@N&
JX$A!)PK '0Q!F^%E




M

MU)VY3






M&

MK0#;V&MKR@
5.W*5.N






MV+B8VW0L



MW?6+1?(^_AW43HCK;8PIA\C$Y;8B DG%:[@9SMP]/=4-CL[8UR7HPW%O;:T/




MFK


M_G3*HR/TX4ZL^C=(%$E/HU
)
.0I0D486DPM%;%
+MNTC=\.SB^[QE(_33
M1)CIPV9U[.)%[.M#3U?


M(9 [+*TV+JZ6J



XI(O%EZ*8


S\SY.
=9NBO;@ZX/!HR^-F/ XW)!HF@#*= 
D#C)


MFXC@^^*RO)F._WOG!9Y&]0

KT?I

CF\H&[) ECN Z.I=&Z1%[1)QJ(:(

;M3S



10G3(X@

EPG;IQ


CHT[H5?K* ]!HV2VUY^M1\2S'
'KY('SS?G T]V#0PC8


XF3A6Y?V6!2'Y4Y.3_+&?C
M^=7X

M:/*^^%Q




XH!.@;7=Z:=/0C_=:6CTJ<U O<.2&:, =9[K+!$J)XIH/9*V[Q

$

M@J;G:A2'9&4':OG7T4-@R#)A













L6SJCAS9VGQ^A?]8''LGQMZWE385#P9QEBY+
M$(B$



9\:12$()I
MA11%&!/F7- 5_:5$V&N.GXFAEQ#+BM
*]$YG!B:?5@N?$Q?Y) G5@CHJ




?'+TC
SPM4\MHYGYO(YZMV?UTR(([#M

MPH%Z:I7HS.YZMZ/C/83)0K:/D*%R-4)6KTB_+4?3[5?[]M0(4D3!



! 8F
EBT+&
M59^MXMPLD_*

\&
MQ#-
(*^GK
M'N1V3

MV0



M;'15Q










*IM/E:+(VK^-B_N[Z<<'7_VX10,1:#BP7
MTAN,L)%6*205ULG1M/O<^<[Z&N(OT/_OKA_H$]40FV!WDQ_CX!__%)

ME=/%[;X\)MGM!FH$=$+5R3^I; 'T(@**BG$F=[?.)8W&U)8]*6GI*C5.(T


MEV%OK.


M-Q!C:00GTAGJ;=5-[-4/0H!#==8@A]%AP+ZJZS;&. :YX$@(P2

MR=S%?%W1Y
=-

MNK7@M;.

R_

M#*.($
B CKA ;94 423-%'4(\

ML@6M?
 Y-7=+7B4&JT#^I09R9OBS@D(W4?[HE





MI5E\SQL@+PJ&]
RGUD P;;4EB%K(0=4Y:+
#


MUP6#09!3Y#PB3DINF0*
5)UCA)Q9


&9XQQQS@B7FD%
[(7WT8ACW0
M(]_M:648<P\ 
A1;ASL)[2'?GG
O$K1#B0'RJ3RMD%8W<YZP4EH%:5*<4()ATH[4Z^$




MZT3IX_\NKM;]5-.KU6
A:CXO%CNGD99:#E(QY3S0Z9X+9M!#K4T%@8;G^K!U
M2[0HA]1%W\-^N.#J;@:_@B*N_0C&G$$:_R$UIA7:G
MALJ=]6-[?3\8[GS^K

M[42AW C_PX

M


+5&@A







!-1U=!@H=)+AGC??-QU
MW-3N9=#AP5



&&

MW

M24D7-

\F(+Q@1

M41KU\$3[?+; O&4'Y.UA



M]0Z.^QBW.CJ
7D
1'4=M6!4O(K6;:N15%B-/]@X^CXZ]6!\YO8
AT YCJ!!2
MQD/&D$=5Z(_  F38?R]&UL!Q 64S+E7.JGMWI_HGS&Z* 
=LQ[(;EB2%%/






1ZLYY3;0?XM*YP 9B


Z8BHO H
[MJK+6O.U6;

M9HS%6!

M10[!@]
%H


M
',(U[B/JZC?UQJ-
M#PQ0F#)7?/*&DP4<(<S'8Y5YJD9_ EO%[J@=P\P^U#\\8 8J^4B_GA5/)AR




MAC@S
&'L1Y'=

8?/!D( %$-(D61X%0P!#D U?2LS T#&/NQ
M8$=


=]
MS^^[
Z4&_
M;Y##G_W.8#DAJ9XQ@$AC!4E58]=S:5VF4IH[.;FN

MO[4:*BR]U4(25BEQ;C3





?4O)T&J



M(

MQBZ$11W(6J5Y+RIO

+P]-RZ^]I'+_:]MY&FYB(?4O5^D62[*T('U\975
M&HWM?21X K3#!F



\\%P@;^'^WA]R*^1$B[X-O5^U




UAO8J_



M#[B.5M40):_'#8J6*3J&O+UC;M?[!K6-+W]YD%)B!BP!Q!BMN/;2'HPP83C-




Z]/JI@W)80*:Y?7J;[
_UXJK!+
?8?


$
BB


OWQ-IP(_BE4T_/X2W[^QLTUQ
MZ&LT L&KG6
 B!- 




M7ZYNBOG0JO#9+(*Q#@--'*406QW-$*

MDTM?'22AE#-&@;

M0G!
Y![1O=\4MH[L]'O8+\]WM=3\P

^
M6RS_^*WXUW:^GF^J\

MK*HD#@


$N(JI&S#I2AFV5-CFE'5LK

[J:7^)@YS11=]!K

6H^C$Z9%
MW6D()(!F6E]CM%-'ESE]\ZM,

MDUF2]VSQ^KX[4]_


M/*U



)&!N24;?O)3

 1Z



MD


MC%4L_EQ9V9*CW Z8(U0APSLFEQ!^#(?SKZ .$%8..

I?D *S









$("*E9QX! M*IDO5T:$#(D^O
MXEYXSMO)SGYK4%!*80AV D4#&&M!(*O()*W)K&DT=H7?-H:.;D)=
V0T6\EP

M=1@:+9&J2



M*#$6DODHP-99!3@V!_$U1 R1B#0XU


JIC02N%J\$S(R'&GMANO& 

MAQ-:AS+]Z[


34Q
M
#

M    3DP 0!S869M+3(P,34Q,#,Q+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .0\D4?M8 6C
MN   .]1 0 5                3U 0!S869M+3(P
34Q
#
Q7V-A;YX
M;6Q02P$% 
U7$  /.8!0 5                3!F
M @!S869M+3(P
34Q
#
Q7W!R92YX;6Q02P4&      8 !@* 0  .-@
end



