

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000812128-19-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20191031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20191219
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20191219
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANDERSON FARMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000812128
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	POULTRY SLAUGHTERING AND PROCESSING [2015]
		IRS NUMBER:				640615843
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MS
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14977
		FILM NUMBER:		191294143
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 N 13TH AVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 988
		CITY:			LAUREL
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39441
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6016494030
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 N 13TH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 988
		CITY:			LAUREL
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39441









g:3ce699bd-50b8-46f4-aa95-d437de44831f

October 31
October 31
1
3
100
000
100
000
22
203
22
099
22
203
22
099
500
500
4
500
4
500
Washington
for the fiscal year ended October&#160;31
 2019 
 
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
If an emerging growth company
2
824
148
Number of shares outstanding of the Registrant&#8217;s common stock as of December&#160;12

229

Market for the Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report) is filed by Sanderson Farms
 Inc.
 a Mississippi corporation. Except where the context indicates otherwise
 the terms &#8220;Registrant
&#8221; &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;Sanderson Farms
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221; refer to Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and its subsidiaries and predecessor organizations. The use of these terms to refer to Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and its subsidiaries collectively does not suggest that Sanderson Farms and its subsidiaries have abandoned their separate identities or the legal protections given to them as separate legal entities. &#8220;Fiscal year&#8221; means the fiscal year ended October&#160;31
 2019
 Except for Item&#160;4A herein
 the Item numbers and letters appearing in this Annual Report correspond with those used in Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K (and
 to the extent that it is incorporated into Form 10-K
 those used in SEC Regulation S-K) as effective on the date hereof
 which specifies the information required to be included in Annual Reports to the SEC. Item&#160;4A (&#8220;Executive Officers of the Registrant&#8221;) has been included by the Registrant in accordance with General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K and Instruction 3 of Item&#160;401(b) of Regulation S-K. The information contained in this Annual Report is
 unless indicated to be given as of a specified date or for a specified period
 given as of the date of this Annual Report
 which is December&#160;19
The Registrant was incorporated in Mississippi in 1955
 and is a fully
 vertically-integrated poultry processing company engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken products. In addition
 the Registrant is engaged in the processing
The Registrant sells ice-packed
 chill-packed
 bulk-packed and frozen chicken
 in whole
 cut-up and boneless form
 primarily under the Sanderson Farms&#174; brand name to retailers
 distributors
 and casual dining operators principally in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States
 and to customers who resell frozen chicken into export markets. During its fiscal year ended October&#160;31
 2019
 the Registrant processed approximately 623 million chickens
 or approximately 4.6 billion dressed pounds. According to 2019 industry statistics
The Registrant&#8217;s fresh and frozen chicken operations presently encompass 11 hatcheries
 9 feed mills and 12 processing plants
 including the facilities at its new Tyler
 Texas complex. The Registrant began operations at the new Tyler hatchery in October 2018
 and began processing chickens at the new processing plant in February 2019. The new facilities are currently operating at approximately seventy-five percent of capacity
The Company&#8217;s prepared chicken product line includes approximately 130 institutional and consumer packaged partially cooked or marinated chicken items that it sells nationally
Since the Registrant completed the initial public offering of its common stock in May 1987
 the Registrant has significantly expanded its operations by expanding existing facilities
 adding second shifts and constructing new facilities to increase production capacity
The Company changed its marketing strategy in 1997 to move away from growing small-sized birds serving primarily the fast food industry to concentrate its production in the medium-sized and larger-sized birds serving the retail grocery and food service industries
 respectively. This shift resulted in larger average bird weights of the chickens processed by the Company
 and substantially increased the number of pounds processed by the Company. In addition
In the second quarter of fiscal 2015
 the Company began initial operations at a new poultry processing complex in Palestine
 Texas. The complex consists of a hatchery
 feed mill
 processing plant and waste water treatment facility with the capacity to process 1.3 million chickens per week
In the first quarter of fiscal 2017
 the Company began initial operations at a new poultry processing complex in St. Pauls
 North Carolina. The completed complex consists of a hatchery
 processing plant and waste water treatment facility
 with the capacity to process 1.3 million chickens per week
 and an expansion of the Company's existing feed mill in Kinston
 North Carolina. The facility is currently operating at full capacity and processed approximately 528.4 million pounds of dressed poultry meat during fiscal 2019. During fiscal 2018
 the St. Pauls processing plant processed approximately 522.5 million pounds of dressed poultry meat
In the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 the Company began initial operations at its new poultry processing complex in and around Tyler
 Texas. The completed complex consists of a hatchery
 feed mill
 processing plant and waste water treatment facility
 with the capacity to process 1.3 million chickens per week. The facility steadily increased production throughout fiscal 2019 and is currently operating at approximately seventy-five percent (75%) of capacity. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019
 the Tyler processing plant processed approximately 73.5 million pounds of dressed poultry meat
 as compared to 46.9 million pounds and 18.8 million pounds during the third and second quarters of fiscal 2019
Capital expenditures for fiscal 2019 were funded by cash on hand
 cash provided by operations and borrowings from the Company's revolving credit facility. The Company is a party to a revolving credit facility dated March 21
 2019
 with a maximum available borrowing capacity of $1.0 billion. Under the credit facility
 the Company may not exceed a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of 50%. The Company has a one-time right
 at any time during the term of the agreement
 to increase the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio then in effect by five absolute percentage points in connection with the construction of a new poultry complex for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at October&#160;31
 2019
 was $998.6 million. The credit is unsecured and
 unless extended
 will expire on March&#160;21
 2024. As of October&#160;31
 2019
 the Company had borrowed $55.0 million
 and had approximately $21.6 million outstanding in letters of credit
 leaving $923.4 million of borrowing capacity available under the facility. As of December 18
 2019
 the Company had borrowed $85.0 million under the facility and had approximately $23.1 million outstanding in letters of credit
 leaving $891.9 million of borrowing capacity available under the facility. For more information about the facility
 see Item 1.01 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 27
The Registrant is engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and the preparation
 processing
 marketing and distribution of processed and minimally prepared chicken items. The Registrant has one reporting segment
The Registrant sells chill-packed
 ice-packed
 bulk-packed and frozen chicken
 in whole
 cut-up and boneless form
 primarily under the Sanderson Farms&#174; brand name
 to retailers
 distributors and casual dining operators principally in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States. During its fiscal year ended October&#160;31
 2019
 the Registrant processed approximately 623 million chickens
 or approximately 4.6 billion dressed pounds. In addition
 the Registrant purchased and further processed 4.1 million pounds of poultry products during fiscal 2019. According to 2019 industry statistics
The Registrant conducts its chicken operations through Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division)
 both of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. The production subsidiary
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division)
 which has facilities in Laurel
 Collins
 Hazlehurst and McComb
 Mississippi; Bryan
 Waco
 Palestine
 Freestone County
 Robertson County
 Lindale and Mineola
 Texas; Adel
 Georgia; and Kinston and Lumberton
 North Carolina
 is engaged in the production of chickens to the broiler stage. Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division)
 which has facilities in Laurel
 Collins
 Hazlehurst and McComb
 Mississippi; Hammond
 Louisiana; Bryan
 Palestine
 Waco and Smith County
 Texas; Moultrie
 Georgia; and Kinston and St. Pauls
 North Carolina
 is engaged in the processing
The Registrant conducts its prepared chicken business through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Foods Division)
 which has a facility in Flowood
 Mississippi. This facility is engaged in the processing
 marketing and distribution of approximately 130 processed and minimally prepared chicken items
 which it sells nationally and regionally
Processed chicken is first salable as an ice-packed
 whole chicken. The Registrant adds value to its ice-packed
 whole chickens by removing the giblets
 weighing
 packaging and labeling the product to specific customer requirements and cutting and deboning the product based on customer specifications. The additional processing steps of giblet removal
 close tolerance weighing and cutting increase the value of the product to the customer over whole
 ice-packed chickens by reducing customer handling and cutting labor and capital costs
 reducing the shrinkage associated with cutting
The Registrant adds additional value to the processed chicken by deep chilling and packaging whole chickens in bags or combinations of fresh chicken parts
 including boneless product
 in various sized
 individual trays under the Registrant&#8217;s brand name
 which then may be weighed and pre-priced
 based on each customer&#8217;s needs. This chill-pack process increases the value of the product by extending shelf life
 reducing customer weighing and packaging labor
 and providing the customer with a wide variety of products with uniform
 well designed packaging
To satisfy some customers&#8217; merchandising needs
 the Registrant freezes the chicken product
 which adds value by meeting the customers&#8217; handling
 storage
The following table sets forth
 for the periods indicated
 the contribution
 as a percentage of net sales dollars
Fiscal Year Ended October&#160;31
The three largest customer markets in the fresh and frozen chicken industry are food service customers that purchase fresh
 bulk-packed products produced from a relatively big bird
 retail grocery store customers that purchase fresh
 tray-packed products produced from a medium-sized bird
The following table sets forth
 for each of the Company&#8217;s poultry processing plants
 the general customer market to which the plant is devoted
 the weekly capacity of each plant at full capacity expressed in number of head processed
Laurel
650
Hammond
650
Hazlehurst
650
Collins
1
300
Waco
1
300
Palestine
1
300
St. Pauls
1
300
McComb
1
300
Bryan
1
300
Moultrie
1
300
Kinston
1
300
Tyler
1
300
Our big bird plants process a relatively large bird. The chicken products produced at these plants is generally sold as fresh
 bulk-packed chicken cut into a variety of products
 including boneless breast meat
 chicken tenders
 whole and cut wings and boneless thigh meat
 and is sold primarily to restaurants
 food service customers and further processors at negotiated spreads from quoted commodity market prices for those products. We have long-term contracts with many of our customers for these products produced at our big bird plants
 but prices for products sold pursuant to those contracts fluctuate based on quoted commodity market prices. The contracts do not require the customers to purchase
 or the Company to sell
 any specific quantity of product. The dark meat from these birds that is not deboned is sold primarily as frozen leg quarters in the export market or as fresh whole legs to further processors. While we have long-standing relationships with many of our export partners
 virtually all of our export sales are at negotiated or spot commodity prices
As of October&#160;31
 2019
 the Company had the capacity to process 7.1&#160;million head per week in its big bird plants
 and its results are materially affected by fluctuations in the commodity market prices for boneless breast meat
 chicken tenders
 wings
Urner Barry is an independent company specializing in the timely
 accurate and independent reporting on market news and market price quotations to its customers in various food and protein industries
 including poultry. The Urner Barry spot market prices for boneless breast meat
 chicken tenders
 leg quarters
 whole wings and boneless thighs for the past five calendar years are set forth below and are published with Urner Barry's permission. Realized prices will not necessarily equal quoted market prices since most contracts offer negotiated discounts to quoted market prices
Our chill-pack plants process medium sized birds and cut and package the product in various sized individual trays to customers&#8217; specifications. The trays are weighed and pre-priced primarily for customers to resell through retail grocery outlets. While the Company sells some of its chill-pack product under store brand names
 most of its chill-pack production is sold under the Company&#8217;s Sanderson Farms&#174; brand name. The Company has long-term contracts with most of its chill-pack customers. These agreements typically provide for the pricing of product based on agreed upon
 flat prices or on negotiated formulas that use an agreed upon
 regularly quoted market price as the base
 as well as various other guidelines for the relationship between the parties. All of our contracts with retail grocery store customers also provide for the sale of negotiated quantities of product at periodically negotiated prices
 rather than the flat and formula-driven prices discussed above. None of our contracts with retail grocery store customers require the customers to purchase
 or the Company to sell
 any specific quantity of product. As of October&#160;31
 2019
 the Company had the capacity to process 6.5&#160;million head per week at its chill-pack plants
As with products produced at our big bird plants
 selection of the desired methodology for pricing chill-pack products is largely customer driven. Prior to the discontinuation in November 2016 of the Georgia Dock index
 which had been published by the Georgia Department of Agriculture
 many of our chill-pack customers used that index as the base for pricing formulas. As new and renewing contracts have been negotiated
 many of our chill-pack customers chose to negotiate flat prices for the life of the contracts
 while some of our customers have chosen to use an index published by Express Markets
Almost all of our products sold by our prepared chicken plant are sold under long-term contracts at fixed prices related to the spot commodity price of chicken at the time the contract is negotiated
The Registrant&#8217;s chicken products are sold primarily to retailers (including national and regional supermarket chains and local supermarkets) and distributors located principally in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States. The Registrant also sells its chicken products to casual dining operators
 foreign customers
 and United States based customers who resell the products outside of the continental United States. This wide range of customers
 together with the Registrant&#8217;s product mix
 provides the Registrant with flexibility in responding to changing market conditions in its effort to maximize profits. This flexibility also assists the Registrant in its efforts to reduce its exposure to market volatility
Sales and distribution of the Registrant&#8217;s chicken products are conducted primarily by sales personnel at the Registrant&#8217;s general corporate offices in Laurel
 Mississippi
Generally
 the Registrant prices much of its chicken products based upon weekly and daily market prices reported by private firms such as EMI and Urner Barry. The Registrant&#8217;s profitability is affected by such market prices
 which may fluctuate substantially and exhibit cyclical and seasonal characteristics. The Registrant will adjust base prices depending upon value added
 volume
 product mix and other factors. While base prices may change weekly and daily
 the Registrant&#8217;s adjustments to those base prices are generally negotiated from time to time with the Registrant&#8217;s customers. The Registrant&#8217;s sales are generally made on an as-ordered basis
 and the Registrant maintains some long-term sales contracts with its customers. These agreements
 which provide the pricing structure of product
 as well as various other guidelines for the relationship between the parties
From time to time
 the Registrant may use television
 radio and newspaper advertising
 point of purchase material
 social media and other marketing techniques to develop consumer awareness of and brand recognition for its Sanderson Farms&#174; products. The Registrant has achieved a high level of public awareness and acceptance of its products in its core markets. Brand awareness is an important element of the Registrant&#8217;s marketing philosophy
 and it intends to continue brand name merchandising of its products. During calendar 2004
 the Company launched an advertising campaign designed to distinguish the Company&#8217;s fresh chicken products from competitors&#8217; products. The campaign noted that the Company&#8217;s product is a natural product free from salt
 water and other additives that some competitors inject into their fresh chicken. The Company continues to use various media to communicate this message today. During fiscal 2016
 the Company launched a multi-media advertising campaign designed to explain and support the Company's position regarding the judicious use of antibiotics to prevent illness and treat chickens that become ill.  During fiscal 2017
 the Company launched a multi-media advertising campaign designed to dispel many of the myths about poultry production. The Company regularly evaluates the success of this campaign and
 while not currently advertising aggressively on television
 expects to continue to use the campaign in other media
The Registrant&#8217;s prepared chicken items are sold nationally
 primarily to distributors and national food service accounts. Sales of such products are handled by sales personnel of the Registrant and by independent food brokers. Prepared chicken items are distributed from the Registrant&#8217;s plant in Flowood
 Mississippi
 The Registrant is a fully
 vertically-integrated producer of fresh
 frozen and minimally prepared chicken products
 controlling the production of hatching eggs
 hatching
 feed manufacturing
 growing
. The Registrant maintains its own breeder flocks for the production of hatching eggs. The Registrant&#8217;s breeder flocks are acquired as one-day old chicks (known as pullets and cockerels) from primary breeding companies that specialize in the production of genetically designed breeder stock. As of October&#160;31
 2019
 the Registrant maintained contracts with 70 independent contract pullet producers for the grow-out of pullets (growing the pullet to the point at which it is capable of egg production
 which takes approximately six months). Thereafter
 the mature breeder flocks are transported by the Registrant&#8217;s vehicles to breeder farms that are maintained
 as of October&#160;31
 2019
The Registrant owns and operates eleven hatcheries located in Mississippi
 Texas
 Georgia and North Carolina where eggs are incubated
 vaccinated and hatched in a process requiring 21 days. The chicks are vaccinated against common poultry diseases and are transported by the Registrant&#8217;s vehicles to independent contract grow-out farms. As of October&#160;31
 2019
 The Registrant places its chicks on the farms of 818 independent contract broiler producers
 as of October&#160;31
 2019
 located in Mississippi
 Texas
 Georgia and North Carolina
 where broilers are grown to an age of approximately seven to nine weeks. The farms provide the Registrant with sufficient housing capacity for its operations
are typically family-owned farms operated under contract with the Registrant. The farm owners provide facilities
 utilities and labor; the Registrant supplies the day-old chicks
Historically
 An important factor in the grow-out of chickens is the rate at which chickens convert feed into body weight. The Registrant purchases primary feed ingredients on the open market. Ingredients include corn and soybean meal
 which are the largest cost components of the Registrant&#8217;s total feed costs. The quality and composition of the feed are critical to the conversion rate
 and accordingly
 the Registrant formulates and produces its own feed. As of October&#160;31
 2019
 the Registrant operated nine feed mills
 four of which are located in Mississippi
 three in Texas
 one in Georgia and one in North Carolina. The Registrant&#8217;s annual feed requirements for fiscal 2019 were approximately 4.9 million tons
Feed grains are commodities subject to volatile price changes caused by weather
 size of harvest
 transportation and storage costs
 domestic and export demand and the agricultural and energy policies of the United States and foreign governments. On October&#160;31
 2019
 the Registrant had the capacity to store approximately 4.4 million bushels of corn at its feed mills
 which was sufficient to store approximately one week's requirements for corn. Generally
 the Registrant purchases its corn and other feed ingredients at current prices from suppliers and
 to a limited extent
 directly from farmers. Feed grains are available from an adequate number of sources. Although the Registrant has not experienced and does not anticipate problems in securing adequate supplies of feed grains
 price fluctuations of feed grains have a direct and material effect upon the Registrant&#8217;s profitability. Although the Registrant attempts to manage the risk of volatile price changes in grain markets by sometimes purchasing grain at current prices for future delivery
 Once broilers reach processing weight
 they are transported in the Registrant's vehicles to the Registrant&#8217;s processing plants. These plants use modern
 highly automated equipment to process and package the chickens. The Registrant&#8217;s McComb and Collins
 Mississippi; Moultrie
 Georgia; Kinston and St. Pauls
 North Carolina and Bryan
 Waco
 Palestine and Tyler
 Texas processing plants operate two processing lines on a double shift basis with the capacity to process approximately 1
300
000 chickens per week as of October&#160;31
 2019. The Registrant&#8217;s Laurel and Hazlehurst
 Mississippi and Hammond
 Louisiana processing plants operate on a double shift basis with the capacity to process approximately 650
000 chickens per week as of October&#160;31
 2019. At October&#160;31
 2019
 The Company's prepared chicken plant is located in Flowood
 Mississippi and has approximately 85
000 square feet of refrigerated manufacturing and storage space. The plant uses highly automated equipment to prepare
 The Registrant&#8217;s laboratory and corporate offices are located on separate sites in Laurel
 Mississippi. The office buildings house the Company&#8217;s corporate offices
 meeting facilities and computer equipment and constitute the corporate headquarters. As of October&#160;31
 2019
 the Registrant operated 16 automotive maintenance shops
 which service over 1
300 over-the-road and farm vehicles used to support the Registrant's operations. In addition
 the Registrant has one child care facility located near its Collins
 Mississippi processing plant
 serving on average approximately 210 children as of October&#160;31
The Registrant believes that quality control is important to its business and conducts quality control activities throughout all aspects of its operations. The Registrant believes these activities are beneficial to efficient production and in assuring its customers receive wholesome
From its laboratory in Laurel
 Mississippi
 the Company's Director of Technical Services supervises the operation of a laboratory which
 among other things
 monitors sanitation at the hatcheries
 quality and purity of the Registrant&#8217;s feed ingredients and feed
 the health of the Registrant&#8217;s breeder and broiler flocks
chickens
The Registrant&#8217;s facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various federal and state agencies
 including
 but not limited to
 the Federal Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (&#8220;USDA&#8221;)
 the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
 the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (&#8220;OSHA&#8221;) and corresponding state agencies. The Registrant&#8217;s chicken processing plants are subject to continuous on-site inspection by the USDA. The Registrant's prepared chicken plant operates under the USDA&#8217;s Total Quality Control Program
The Registrant takes extensive precautions to ensure that its flocks are healthy and that its processing plants and other facilities operate in a healthy and environmentally sound manner. Events beyond the control of the Registrant
 however
 such as an outbreak of disease in its flocks or the adoption by governmental agencies of more stringent regulations
The primary methods of competition are price
 product quality
 number of products offered
 brand awareness and customer service. The Registrant has emphasized product quality and brand awareness through its advertising strategy. See &#8220;Business &#8212; Sales and Marketing.&#8221; Although poultry is relatively inexpensive in comparison with other meats
 the Registrant competes indirectly with the producers of other meats and fish
Two customers each accounted for more than 10% of the Registrant&#8217;s consolidated sales for the years ended October&#160;31
 2019
 and October 31
 2018
 and one customer accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31
 2017. Sales to the two customers in fiscal 2019 accounted for 15.8% and 11.8%
 respectively
 of the Company's consolidated net sales and in 2018 accounted for 14.3% and 10.5%
 respectively
During fiscal 2019
 the Registrant purchased its pullets and cockerels from a single major breeder. The Registrant has found the genetic breeds or cross breeds supplied by this company produce chickens most suitable to the Registrant&#8217;s purposes. The Registrant has no written contracts with this breeder for the supply of breeder stock. Other sources of breeder stock are available
Should breeder stock from its present supplier not be available for any reason
Other major raw materials used by the Registrant include feed grains and other feed ingredients
The Registrant has registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office the trademark Sanderson Farms&#174;
The Registrant
 over the years
 has developed important non-public proprietary information regarding product-related matters. While the Registrant has internal safeguards and procedures to protect the confidentiality of such information
As of October&#160;31
 2019
 the Registrant had 17
055 employees
 including 1
947 salaried and 15
108 hourly employees. A collective bargaining agreement with the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union covering 576 hourly employees who work at the Registrant&#8217;s processing plant in Hammond
 Louisiana expires on November&#160;30
The production
 maintenance and clean-up employees at the Company&#8217;s Bryan
 Texas poultry processing facility are represented by the United Food and Commercial Workers Union Local #408
 AFL-CIO. A collective bargaining agreement covering 1
470 employees expires on December&#160;31
 2023. The collective bargaining agreement has a grievance procedure and no strike-no lockout clause that should assist in maintaining stable labor relations at the Bryan
The Company's website is http://www.sandersonfarms.com. The information on our website is not a part of this document. Our annual reports on Form 10-K
 our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 our current reports on Form 8-K
 and all amendments to those reports are available
 free of charge
 through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with the SEC. Our corporate code of conduct is also available
 free of charge
In addition to the other information set forth in this report
 you should carefully consider the following factors
 which could materially affect our business
 financial condition or results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business
Industry volatility can affect our earnings
Profitability in the poultry industry is materially affected by the commodity prices of feed ingredients
 chicken
 and
 to a lesser extent
 alternative proteins. These prices are determined by supply and demand factors
 and supply and demand factors related to feed ingredients and chicken may not correlate. As a result
 the poultry industry is subject to wide fluctuations in profitability. Typically we do well when chicken prices are high and feed prices are low. We are less profitable
 and sometimes have losses
 when chicken prices are low and feed prices are high. For example
 grain prices during 2011 were high
 while prices for chicken products did not increase proportionally
 and the Company lost money. During 2012 and 2013
 grain prices remained high
 but market prices for chicken also increased
 and the Company was profitable. During fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2015
 grain prices declined while market prices for chicken increased
Various factors that are beyond our control can affect the supply of corn and soybean meal
 our primary feed ingredients. In particular
 global weather patterns
 including adverse weather conditions that may result from climate change
 the global level of supply inventories and demand for feed ingredients
 currency fluctuations and the agricultural and energy policies of the United States and foreign governments all affect the supply of feed ingredients. Weather patterns often change agricultural conditions in an unpredictable manner. A sudden and significant change in weather patterns could affect supplies of feed ingredients
 as well as both the industry&#8217;s and our ability to obtain feed ingredients
 grow chickens or deliver products. For example
 historic drought conditions in the Midwestern United States in 2012 had a significant adverse effect on the supply and price of feed grains in fiscal 2012 and the first three quarters of 2013. Additionally
Increases in the prices of feed ingredients will result in increases in raw material costs and operating costs. Because prices for our products are related to the commodity prices of chickens
 which depend on the supply and demand dynamics of fresh chicken
 we typically are not able to increase our product prices to offset increased grain costs.  Although we periodically enter into contracts to purchase feed ingredients at current prices for future delivery to manage our feed ingredient costs
 this practice does not eliminate the risk of increased operating costs from commodity price increases. In addition
 if we are unsuccessful in our grain buying strategy
It is very difficult to predict how the chicken and grain markets will perform. The exposure of our business to the cyclical nature and volatility of commodities markets for raw materials and poultry could adversely affect our profitability
The market price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors such as the following
market volatility and fluctuations in the price of feed grains and chicken products
quarterly variations in our operating results
changes in investor perceptions of the poultry industry in general
In addition
 purchases or sales of large quantities of our stock
 or significant short positions in our stock
Prepared chicken and poultry inventories
 and inventories of feed
 eggs
 medication
 packaging supplies and live chickens
 are stated on our balance sheet at the lower of cost (average method) or net realizable value. Our cost of sales is calculated during a period by adding the value of our inventories at the beginning of the period to the cost of growing
 processing and distributing products produced during the period and subtracting the value of our inventories at the end of the period. If the net realizable values of our inventories are below the accumulated cost of those inventories at the end of a period
Any such adjustment we may make in one period effectively absorbs into that period a portion of the costs to grow
 process and distribute chickens that we would have otherwise incurred in the next fiscal period
 thereby benefiting the next period. Any such adjustments that we make in the future could be material
 and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The Company recorded a charge of $2.8 million at October 31
 2019 and of $9.6 million at October 31
 2018 to reduce the values of live inventories on hand at those dates from cost to net realizable value. The Company recorded no such charge at October 31
Inclement weather
 such as excessive heat or storms
 or other disasters
Extreme weather in the areas where we operate or where our feed grains are grown
 such as extreme temperatures
 drought
 hurricanes or other storms
 or other natural disasters or calamities such as terrorist attacks or pandemics
 could increase our costs
 impair the health or growth of our flocks or interfere with our hatching
 production or shipping operations. Some scientists believe that climate change could increase the frequency and severity of adverse weather events. Extreme weather
 regardless of its cause
 or other adverse events
 could affect our business by causing
shortages or high prices of corn
damage or destruction of live
 raw material
Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. We may not be able to recover through insurance all of the damages
 losses or costs that may result from such adverse events
Outbreaks of avian disease
 such as avian influenza
 or the perception that outbreaks may occur
Events beyond our control
 such as the outbreak of avian disease or the perception that an outbreak may occur
 even if it does not affect our flocks
 could significantly restrict our ability to conduct our operations or our sales. An outbreak of disease could result in governmental restrictions on the import and export of fresh and frozen chicken
 including our fresh and frozen chicken products
 or other products to or from our suppliers
 facilities or customers
 or require us to destroy one or more of our flocks. This could result in the cancellation of orders by our customers and create adverse publicity that may have a material adverse effect on our business
 reputation and prospects. In addition
 world-wide fears about avian disease
 such as avian influenza
 have
 in the past
 depressed demand for fresh chicken
In past years there has been substantial publicity regarding a highly pathogenic Asian strain of avian influenza
 or AI
 known as H5N1
 which has affected Asia since 2002 and which has been found in Europe
 the Middle East and Africa. It is widely believed that this strain of AI is spread by migratory birds
Although the Asian strains of AI described above have not been identified in North America
 there have been outbreaks of both low and high pathogenic strains of non-Asian avian influenza in North America
 including in the U.S. in 2002
 2004
 2006
 2015
 2017 and 2018
 and in Mexico in 2005
 2012
 2013
Until 2015
 the outbreaks in North America had not generated the same level of concern
 or received the same level of publicity
 or been accompanied by the same reduction in demand for poultry products in certain countries
 as that associated with the Asian strains. Beginning in January 2015
 however
 the United States experienced what some industry observers believe was the worst avian influenza outbreak in United States history. According to the United States Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS)
 approximately 7.8 million turkeys and 40.3 million chickens were affected in the United States by this avian influenza outbreak
 and the last reported case was in June 2015. The affected chickens were almost all hens that lay eggs for the table egg industry
 and not broiler chickens such as those we raise. We have a high degree of confidence in our industry&#8217;s biosecurity program
 but we cannot be certain our flocks or others in our industry will not be affected. Given our high degree of confidence in our biosecurity programs
 we believe the primary risks associated with domestic outbreaks of avian influenza are market risks
All AI related bans that were imposed following the 2015 outbreak in the United States have been lifted
 the last of which was lifted by China on November 14
 2019. While these bans were in place
 the market price for leg quarters fell significantly below historical averages. For more information on the impact of this outbreak on exports
While domestic demand for broiler meat was not materially affected by the 2015 outbreak
 we cannot assure you that further spread of AI or the outbreak of the Asian strains of AI either in other countries or in the United States will not materially adversely affect both domestic and international demand for poultry products produced in the United States. Because the virus is carried by migratory water fowl
 it is possible the virus could be spread to domestic poultry flocks during any seasonal migration of those water fowl. If AI were to affect a significant number of our flocks
 or materially reduce domestic demand for our products
 either or both of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business
Nearly all of our customers are based in the United States
 but some of our product is sold directly to foreign customers
 and some of our United States based customers resell poultry products in the export markets. Our chicken products have been sold in Russia and other former Soviet countries
 China and Mexico
 among other countries. Approximately 8.1% of our gross sales in fiscal&#160;2019 were to export markets
 including approximately $156.6 million to Mexico
 $43.6 million to countries in Central Asia and $29.0 million to Cuba. Any disruption to the export markets
 such as trade embargoes
 tariffs
 import bans
 duties
 quotas
 currency fluctuations
 adverse political and economic conditions in countries to which we export our products
 disruptions in shipping channels
 or changes in governmental trade policies or agreements with countries to which we sell products
 can materially affect our sales or create an oversupply of chicken in the United States. This
 in turn
On February 5
 2010
 China announced that it would impose anti-dumping duties on U.S. chicken products beginning on February 13
 2010.  The duty applicable to Sanderson Farms products was 64.5%. On April 28
 2010
 China imposed countervailing duties on United States chicken products
 raising the duty applicable to Sanderson Farms&#8217; products by 6.1% to 70.6%. A challenge to China&#8217;s anti-dumping determination was filed by the U.S. government with the World Trade Organization (WTO)
 which ruled in favor of the U.S. on September 25
 2013. China did not appeal the WTO ruling. On July 8
 2014
 China announced that it had re-investigated charges that United States chicken exporters dump product in the Chinese domestic market
 causing substantial harm to the local industry. Despite the WTO&#8217;s findings
 China announced that its re-investigation revealed that United States exporters continue to dump product into the local Chinese market. While China announced lower anti-dumping tariffs on certain United States producers in its July 8
 2014 announcement
 the tariffs actually increased on most United States producers
 including Sanderson Farms. The United States government continued to challenge China&#8217;s actions at the WTO
 and in February 2018
On January 8
 2015
 China announced a ban on the import of United States poultry meat following the discovery of avian influenza in a wild bird in the Pacific Northwest. Avian influenza was later detected in commercial poultry flocks in fifteen states. China lifted the ban on November 14
 2019. During fiscal 2014
 the Company sold approximately 74.9 million pounds of poultry meat
 primarily chicken paws and wing tips
 to customers who resold the product in China
 reflecting approximately $62.1 million in total sales. Because there were no material domestic or export markets for these products other than China
 the Company began rendering most of those products for significantly lower returns after imposition of the Chinese ban. As a result
 during fiscal 2015 before the ban's effective date
 the Company sold only approximately 22.8 million pounds of poultry meat
 primarily chicken paws and wing tips
 to customers who resold the product in China
 reflecting approximately $20.0 million in total sales. Now that the ban has been lifted
 the Company is once again selling poultry meat
 primarily chicken paws and wing tips
 to customers who resell the product in China. At full production
Our sales to our top ten customers represented approximately 54.0% of our net sales during fiscal 2019. Our contracts with our customers provide pricing structures
 but do not require customers to purchase any specific quantity of product. Therefore
 our customers could significantly reduce or cease their purchases from us with little or no advance notice
We must identify changing consumer preferences
 trends and purchasing behaviors
Our success depends
 in part
 on our ability to offer products that appeal to our customers and to respond to evolving consumer preferences
 trends and purchasing behaviors.  Consumer behavior is influenced by factors such as
Consumers are sometimes influenced by negative publicity about food production
 including stories that are inaccurate or misleading. The expanding role of social and digital media has increased the speed and extent to which people can share information (whether or not accurate) and opinions about our products.  If we do not identify and react timely to negative publicity
 or inaccurate or misleading stories
 we may experience reduced demand and pricing for our products. Prolonged negative perceptions about our products
 our brand or our Company
 or a loss of confidence by consumers in our products
 could materially and adversely affect our reputation
 sales
We may also introduce new products and improved products from time to time to satisfy evolving consumer preferences
 trends and purchasing behaviors
 and may incur significant development and marketing costs in doing so. If our products fail to meet evolving consumer preferences
 trends and purchasing behaviors
 then these products and our marketing strategy will be less successful. Additionally
 because we produce only chicken products
We have devoted significant resources to marketing and public relations programs that inform consumers about the safety and quality of our products and our production practices
 including our use of antibiotics in raising live chickens. However
 we are subject to legal and regulatory restrictions on the marketing and labeling of our products
 which may hamper our marketing efforts. We must also keep pace with a rapidly changing media environment and advertising and marketing channels. If our marketing and public relations efforts are not effective
 if consumers believe we have acted irresponsibly
 or we are not successful in developing and marketing new products
 then our competitive position
 reputation and market share may suffer. This
 in turn
 could lead to lower sales and profits
We depend on accurate and timely information and numerical data from key software applications to aid our day-to-day business
 financial reporting and decision-making and
 in many cases
 proprietary and custom-designed software is necessary to operate equipment in our feed mills
 hatcheries and processing plants. In our day-to-day business
 we depend on information technology for
 among other things
 electronic communications between our facilities
 personnel
 customers and suppliers
We have put in place disaster recovery plans for our critical systems. However
 any disruption caused by the failure of these systems
 the underlying equipment
 or communication networks could delay or otherwise adversely impact our day-to-day business and decision making
 could make it impossible for us to operate critical equipment
 and could have a materially adverse effect on our performance
 if our disaster recovery plans do not mitigate the disruption. Disruptions could be caused by a variety of factors
 such as catastrophic events or weather
 natural disasters
 power or telecommunications outages
 viruses
 terrorist attacks
 unauthorized access or cyber-attacks on our systems by outside parties. In addition
 a breach of our cyber-security measures could result in the loss
 destruction or theft of confidential or proprietary data or other consequences
 and could expose us to material losses or liability to third parties.  Similar risks exist with respect to third parties who may possess our confidential data
 such as our IT support providers
 third party benefit and other administrators
 professional advisors and consultants
Cyber-attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently
We would be adversely affected if we expand our business by acquiring other businesses or by building new facilities
identifying and training our key managers and employees to run the new business or facility
implementing and maintaining consistent standards
 controls
Successful expansion depends on our ability to timely integrate the acquired business or efficiently operate the new facility
 to devote significant management attention to the project and its integration in our business
 and to manage a larger overall company efficiently.  If we are unable to do this
 expansion could adversely affect our operations
 financial results and prospects
 and we might not realize the cost savings and synergies we expected from the expansion.  Additionally
For any new facility that we build
 our ability to complete construction on a timely basis and within budget is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties described below. In addition
 when a new facility becomes operational
In order to complete construction of a new facility
 we need to take a significant number of steps and obtain a number of approvals and permits
 none of which we can assure you will be obtained. For example
 for each new fresh and frozen chicken complex
If we are unable to complete construction on schedule
 attract independent contract poultry producers
 find customers for the additional product produced by the new facility
 run the facility efficiently
 or otherwise achieve the expected benefits of our new facilities
In general
Competitive factors vary by major customer markets. Some of our competitors have greater financial and marketing resources than we have. In the food service market
 competition is based on consistent quality
 product development
 customer service and price. In the U.S. retail grocery market
 we believe that competition is based on product quality
 brand awareness
We depend on the availability of
 and good relations with
We have approximately 17
055 employees
 approximately 2
046 of which are covered by collective bargaining agreements. In addition
 we contract with approximately 1
049 independent contract poultry producers in Mississippi
 Texas
 North Carolina and Georgia for the grow-out of our breeder and broiler stock and the production of broiler eggs. Our operations depend on the availability of labor and contract growers and maintaining good relations with these persons and with labor unions. If we fail to maintain good relations with our employees or with the unions
 we may experience labor strikes or work stoppages. If we do not attract and maintain contracts with our growers
 including new growers for our new poultry complexes
Immigration reform continues to attract significant attention in the public arena and the United States Congress. If new immigration legislation is enacted at the federal level or in states in which we do business
 such legislation may contain provisions that could make it more difficult or costly for us to hire United States citizens and/or legal immigrant workers. In such case
 we may incur additional costs to run our business or may have to change the way we conduct our operations
 either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition. Also
 despite our past and continuing efforts to hire only United States citizens and/or persons legally authorized to work in the United States
 increased enforcement efforts with respect to existing immigration laws by governmental authorities may disrupt a portion of our workforce or our operations at one or more of our facilities
If our poultry products become contaminated
Poultry products may contain disease-producing organisms
 or pathogens
 such as Listeria monocytogenes
 Salmonella and generic E. coli. These pathogens are generally found in the environment and
 as a result
 there is a risk that they could be present in our processed poultry products as a result of food processing. In addition
 it is possible foreign material such as metal
 plastic or other material used in our processing plants could contaminate product during processing. Pathogens or foreign material can also be introduced as a result of improper handling by our customers
 consumers or third parties after we have shipped the products. We control these risks through careful processing and testing of our finished product
 but we cannot entirely eliminate them. We have little
 if any
 control over proper handling once the product has been shipped. Nevertheless
 contamination that results from improper handling by our customers
 consumers or third parties
 or tampering with our products by those persons
 may be blamed on us. Any publicity regarding product contamination or resulting illness or death
 even if we did not cause the contamination
 could lead to increased scrutiny by regulators and could have a material adverse effect on our business
If our products are contaminated or damaged
 we could also be required to recall our products or close our plants
 and product liability claims could be asserted against us.  A widespread product recall could be costly and could cause significant losses
 the destruction of product inventory
 lost sales or customers due to the unavailability of product
 adverse publicity
 damage to our reputation
We are exposed to risks relating to product liability
 product recalls
 property damage and injuries to persons
 for which insurance coverage is expensive
Our business operations entail a number of risks
 including risks relating to product liability claims
 product recalls
 property damage and injuries to persons. The insurance we maintain with respect to certain of these risks
 including product liability and recall insurance
 property insurance
 workers compensation insurance and general liability insurance
The poultry industry is subject to federal
 state
 local and foreign governmental regulation relating to production of food animals and the processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising
 labeling
 quality and safety of food products. We are also subject to laws and regulations affecting businesses and public companies generally
 including domestic and foreign regulations that affect our export activity
 such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.  Unknown matters
 new laws and regulations
 or stricter interpretations of existing laws or regulations may materially affect or restrict our business and operations or increase our costs in the future. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to administrative
 civil and criminal penalties
 including fines
 injunctions and recalls of our products. Our loss or failure to obtain necessary permits and registrations could delay or prevent us from meeting customer demand
 introducing new products
Our operations are also subject to extensive regulations administered by the Environmental Protection Agency
 which
 among other things
 pertain to the discharge of materials into the environment and the handling and disposition of wastes. Failure to comply with these regulations can have serious consequences
In addition to the risk of regulatory enforcement actions
 we are subject to risk of private legal claims arising out of our or our employees' failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations
 including claims such as those described in Item 3. Legal Proceedings of this report and the notes to our financial statements included in this report. Trends in litigation may include class actions by consumers
 shareholders
 employees or injured persons
 and claims relating to commercial
 labor
 employment
 antitrust
Although we believe we have implemented strict compliance programs and policies
 along with effective internal controls to guard against intentional and unintentional violations of law by our personnel
 contractors and agents
 we cannot assure you that such persons will not violate our policies or the law
Defending regulatory enforcement actions and private litigation may be costly
 and any adverse outcomes of actions or litigation against us could materially and adversely affect our reputation
weak or volatile national or global economic conditions
Our business could be negatively affected if efforts and initiatives of the governments of the United States and other countries to manage and stimulate the economy fail or result in worsening economic conditions. Deteriorating economic conditions could negatively affect consumer demand for protein generally or our products specifically
 consumers&#8217; ability to afford our products
 consumer habits with respect to how they spend their food dollars
Disruptions in credit and other financial markets caused by deteriorating or weak national and international economic conditions could
make it more difficult for us
impair the financial condition of our customers
impair the financial condition of our insurers
We are
 and in the future may become
 involved in legal proceedings related to our alleged violations of antitrust
 securities fraud
 and unfair competition and false advertising laws and
 as a result
We are involved in the legal proceedings that are described in detail in Part I
 Item 3 of this report entitled &#8220;Legal Proceedings.&#8221;  In general
 those proceedings involve class actions and/or individual actions against us
 and in one case against certain of our officers
allegations that we and other poultry producers conspired to fix the price of broiler chickens in violation of state and federal antitrust laws
 federal and state RICO laws
allegations that we made statements in our SEC filings and press releases that were materially false and misleading in light of our alleged
 undisclosed violations of federal antitrust laws in order to
 among other things
allegations that we are violating California and North Carolina unfair competition and false advertising laws by
 among other things
Additionally
 we are complying with a grand jury subpoena from the United States Department of Justice
 Antitrust Division
An adverse resolution of any proceedings related to the matters summarized above and described in more detail in Item 3
 Legal Proceedings could subject us to significant monetary damages and other penalties
 which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 financial condition
For additional information regarding the nature and status of these and other material legal proceedings
 see Item 3

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=27 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=27 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255


255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:11pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

 Item 8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

 Item 8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 Note 9 - Stock Compensation Plans. The increase in legal expenses is primarily attributable to our ongoing defense of the litigation described in Part I
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings of this Form 10-K. The increase in third-party sales commissions is attributable to the Company's adoption of ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. While adoption of the standard had no effect on the Company's net income during fiscal 2019, SG&amp;A expenses were negatively impacted during the period, and the negative impact to SG&amp;A expenses was offset by a corresponding increase to revenue. For more information regarding the Company's adoption of ASU 2014-09 and the relation to SG&amp;A expenses, refer to Part II
 Item 8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255


255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<sup style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255


255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=27 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

 Item 1
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

255
255

 Item 1
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:15pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:15pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 rowspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 rowspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 rowspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=27 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

 Item 1
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

255
255

 Item 1
Statements

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 rowspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=21 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=21 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=21 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=21 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

 Item 8
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=27 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<a style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<a style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=height:3pt;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<font style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255


C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R





M
8
1@


M;Z^LH5M-0BM=0D




M1C:3G/% '1T5SVE^+[;4-4BTVXT[4M
NYXFFMDOXE3ST7&[:59N1D94X(STK



0



:Y_


5$7RZ.P24$G:OR\[3N! 'K0!TE%<CJ/QT^PU76--73=5N[C2%2
M2Z^S0*RJC1B3?DL!@ ]#@D@X!Q5?4-::[\<^);&]E&FZA9WMP55RJ3+Y<3(
MS+T. V1GIDT =M17+6/CS3;Z^LH5M-0BM=0D




M

G&





MX/(XJ75]-O\ 4/)^Q:Y=Z7LW;_L\4+^9G&
^8C8Q@]

M\













M7TEW+?:S$\F


M-0L-)74;;65MV27[2D8MY(T\LB0-R5( .5!/7BN5;P/XEC^''A6SL[80ZW8B
M:TN5
J?NH)U=)&W X)7*

MU!K#6(KN:!)(T)C6.0''F



ISG
+=9O[GP=9^)+34I5N(I6,(EMGVA61O-(RIP"<<\5Z=10!

M\#6$MY9.$&N0-  Z@\2X)\P/C&1CKWKT^B@#SUMU7_A8$&I:5HTVCH;MVU&
MZ%ZC6]] 0/W(.?

M[D'/F'Y3DJ

MZSXLB;3D\
?9;J&Z4V6M-=Q$6ZK(#YJX/F E1]W;C)Y/&:]!2..
L415+MN;
M:
;CZGWIU 'G/BOP/J/B'QV^J6[?9EMM
@-E=



M6AK%EKOB&P\)7$^DFUO+36(;J^@\^-A$BI(K

M@#SUMU7_A8$&I:5HTVCH;MVU&Z%ZC6]] 0/W(.?
/RG)48YY-;/Q&TJ_UO





$ (R..HKG;
MG3]7T#Q?J.MZ5IQU2TU6*(75M'



Z<1:

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M+
K


MP1^5.\I_^?B3\E_PK4R):*B\I_\ GXD_)?\ CRG_P?B3\E_P * ):*B\I_
M^?B3\E_PH\I_^?B3\E_PH EHJ+RG_P?B3\E_P */*?_ )^)/R7_  H EHJ+
MRG_Y^)/R7_CRG_Y^)/R7_@6BHO*?_ )^)/R7_  H\I_\ GXD_)?\ @6
MBHO*?_GXD_)?\*/*?_GXD_)?\* ):*B\I_\ GXD_)?\ CRG_P?B3\E_P *
M ):*B\I_^?B3\E_PH\I_^?B3\E_PH EHJ+RG_P?B3\E_P */*?_ )^)/R7_
M  H EHJ+RG_Y^)/R7_CRG_Y^)/R7_@6BHO*?_ )^)/R7_  H\I_\ GXD_
M)?\ @6BHO*?_GXD_)?\*/*?_GXD_)?\* ):*B\I_\ GXD_)?\ CRG_P?
MB3\E_P * ):*B\I_^?B3\E_PH\I_^?B3\E_PH EHJ+RG_P?B3\E_P */*?_
M )^)/R7_  H EHJ+RG_Y^)/R7_CRG_Y^)/R7_@6BHO*?_ )^)/R7_  H\
MI_\ GXD_)?\ @6BHO*?_GXD_)?\*41N9Y#[$+S^E $E%%% !1110 444

M$T:5_P @BR_ZX1_^@BJ^Q\_T)^T6Z***DH**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@





M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 



8S/(1'$OJQZ5S%W:_\(EJUCJX)
M-G


MF5;A)21DK?ZN% ;1LM
MCDBY49I?M^K?] 7_ ,FEK5HK'V,_^?C_  _R-?:P_D7X_P9E?;]6_Z O_DT
MM(VI:G&I=]&;8.3MN%8X]@!S6M11[&?_ #\?X?Y![6'\B_'_ #(+2\@OH!+;

M?:M%KU[I^FM.8K**WP Z)P7.?4Y_6NBC0]HI2E+EBNNO79:&D*?







MM=60S!(?^6T'\+?AT-=/7/\ B;2;FY%MJFEA1JEBV^('@2H?O1GZC_/-7=$U
MRUURS
T&Z.6



K9O5]R*I_-^K_ 


MMR:?UH2K\VI-]I@_Y[Q_]]BC[3!_SWC_ .^Q4M1W$\5K;2W$SA(HD+NQ[ #)

%'VOO2VZ


MF#_GO'_WV*1Y[9T9&EB*L
$%AR*FHH Q-)O([
MIEQ*H:(GR7+##IGCGU]JU
MOM

%S/T7^;LOF51PM3G3E%V6O_  /F;EC+


ZL^/4=




?[/
2W^
'QZJ

2+[3!_SWC_[[%'VF#_GO'_WV*EHH



MWV*EHH B^TP?\]X_^^Q1]I@_Y[Q_]]BI:* (OM


K


P




G9F


^G02KH
B/:2 B;2[PF2&4

]-5)W)5FE);

M&VPP1M(Y]@


NKOPG?.6FL
M/GM)&ZRVQ/RG_@/0_EVJ70]:O'T2UOY0;NTD3YW7_61



M?-B'EOGURN




:1QKT5%  _ 4^BG8J







M)(I%#(Z'(8'H0:?7&U;1F!#=VR7EG-:R%Q'
C1L48JP!&#@CH:IW33:+H/\



Z-X@3&I6$4S@867&V1?HPYJMH7AZ[T.ZD UR\O-/*

&_






3WMT?





M)_ OX#^=8RZ5'+-I/@ZWPUEIT:W&H

MQQ4MF+D64 O3$;K8/-

6T_
MXIKQ7)8/QINK

M5(X=&9+@75PK36UPD9*0R1X(+

M/K_^JLZM/GUB[26S_3T?];'/1DZ



M8J2Z='8;6(6)


M=

MP/RCJ#4FJ_\ ((O?^N$G_H)HTK_D$67_ %PC_P#015?8^?Z$]2W1114E!111
80JN


$$E5Z*
X_'-=E]FUK_H(
M0?\ ?FJ%D-
^'_@JTAO9UBM[2)4=PI.^0\G '))8DUG_ -L^*O$7&B:8-)LV




M7=66KU5^A$:





AE


MW]-O7N_\SD8]*\2:=HP33T@_MC4YVDOKR1@1; ]



98@=!GN:X^]:[TJXA\6064T
5Q$HU2Q;!91V?CNO?V].
M:[2L*[U[[+XLM-$NK95MKZW9H+@MD/(OWHR







4;V4@?
?I^&:TA2J
M3BY1BVEJ_(N%*=3X$V=-YK_\^\GYK_C1YK_\^\GYK_C5?3-7T_6;47.G7D-S


M
9E$WGR!0(_XB

MFM/#GAZ2:1G%I86Y)+L68JB^IZGBN5\(-_8/@:\\3:L














=6P#PXY.?


7PR\G^9V/FO_
M 

M7FO_ 


MRH3E2E'='#?:=:O8SX=\4Z*\HN@4BUR :
D#(9@3\A&
_7M3O!^HW5K?WF

MWZY]A


(Z
.N 3DCW_/%;WFO_ 
^\GYK_ (UE:YX7



J0VCF0B=\!FC&TD<'CDXY










25/H1U]0*ZZO.
M=&I&K-U$TUHO1=?F_P 9_N5&#5WNUZ[?@<EIW@OSKQ-4\37?]K:BO*(PQ;P



M2CMU4]F![$5?HH:N.




!0
M.@ [L_K%*E2HQE=Z7?+HNMK=]O3U*Y

M!KM@HBO;:3AMPXWCU5NN1Z_3/4U
X.$G%A&2DKH****D84444 %%%% !1110








AAJ\536&K_MGNUZ=UW7
MW6952TUS-\T7UMK%^G;\'TLSJZX[XAW]Q_95MX?T]\:AK<OV6,C^/\ Y:/]
M O'XU%:^*[[PZAL?%=I=?N3M74X(2\



MKC=%&/

X\LW9K9_I_D9M.+ND=I2
P52S$  9)/:N+_LOXAQ?(GB




M
\78Y33/B1X6U?5(=-M=1;[5.<
M1I+!)&&.

MH^JQ^%_%



MM#.KAQ^ !IW_  DGAS_H.:O^4G_Q-=M]EMQ=FZ$
?V@IY9EVC=MSG;GKC/:H


7]S8*1Y=U9LLK

#.8^HYS7
:_J=EXI-KJF@


M]/2DXSCI)6?9JS.&K2K4I.

(?+8M_Q(M;O-.C


M_=&_[]247#VG]U_U\SIZ*YCR/&O_ #^Z-_WZDH\CQK_S^Z-_WZDHN'M/[K_K

MGB

M^TEML@68JPA9VW$8W D


M\5?[OU.D^PZO_P!!@?\ @




S/^$GU#XC
-%T)9M-ME0?VM=MC?%G(
4?J3@_-Z5)J^








M:VO^$4\._P#0 TO_ 







%[C32Z22?W-IM?EY'52Q$7%0J=+ZV


?^AT3_ 

?^AT3_P5Q?XU-K;S
=I*/BI<Y5'S25F_1?EH<51IS


M_P _$GY+_A4M% $7E/\ \_$GY+_A1Y3_ //Q)^2_X5+10!%Y3_\ /Q)^2_X4


M?DO^%'E/_P _$GY+_A4M% $7E/\ \_$GY+_A1Y3_ //Q)^2_X5+10!%Y3_\







M
E3T(KJ&4
I5@I&#WKSN.2X^&FHW2-:7%QX2N'\Z.2%=YT]R?F4KU\OOGM

M/R7_  J6B@+RG_Y^)/R7_CRG_Y^)/R7_I:* (O*?_ )^)/R7_  H\I_\
MGXD_)?\ I:* (O*?_GXD_)?\*/*?_GXD_)?\*EHH B\I_\ GXD_)?\ CRG
M_P?B3\E_P *EHH A: NI5IG92

G%W1[1Y3_P#/Q)^2

M

J +O(QWQFNQ^&_A;4_#UGK$NL16D%[J&J37FRS(9%1PIV@D


MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB


S2W@T^+9'.?[RDX4-Z@CIR.*]@JM?

M9$#I\0V93T(TJ$@_K2_\(OXT_PB@/\ ^F'_&IG^&^A1N7TZ34-+D/.ZRNW




O7\#6#X5^$5EX?U6WN[W4[G5(+%0=/M+@YBM)#R[JN<9+<CT]S
M@U3\.^+O!VEW=UJFI^*8[_5[H!9+C[+(JH@Z(@V\#^==%_PM3P5_T'(_^_$O

M4:K_ 
@B]_ZX2?\ H)HTK_D$67_7/\ ]!%5]CY_H3]HMT445)04444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 
H888






''05=U*VNKZRDM

M14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA_P^
MQ19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^
M?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA_P^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[
M%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO
M^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA_P^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-
M14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA_P^
MQ19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^
M?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA_P^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[
M%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO
M^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA_P^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-
M14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA_P^
MQ19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^
M?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA_P^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[
M%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO
M^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA_P^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-
M14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO^?B'_OL4HNK=FK/$23@
M ..:+


MUR5M1UB:62)K.!86M%?@ EI(S\P!)W

M


M:@([J\5K@2!<JQ6.1E)4*IX  ZX'3)K876MVHFP^SXN1<&(KOZ1[-_F=.F!
MCU.
T :M%%% !116#I6LS3.EO.OF._VR3S







N 2@,YQGC)V8&?6J+:I-ITU[;W!:]:!
MH/(9@JLS3,4L0 !@]P.A_

\
M-TP.O7CG8H ***;(2L3L.H4D4 .J&U_U3?\ 71__ $
6D@;(D. 21[ G'U!JW0 445A74M]-K&HPP:@
M]LEM:12QJ$0J68R9W94G'R#H10!KK_Q^R_\ 7-/YM4U<[:^)'N9[1$TZ5VEB
M@:=D5SY9D&1T4C SDY8=^M:5AJ$U_)*Z6Z+:)))$LAE.]F1BI^7;@#(/?MTH
M T**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *1MQ4A2 V.1G!I:* 
F'0H3'(

=.JC\JFHH J#3;5;M[
MI5=9'.7RL%8XQDJ#M)QWQG@4RQTBRTT@VL3+MC$2[I&?:@Z*-Q.![KU% !



M_F*RX?#UF+2&*Y#321F0F0


M0SNFZ2'=Y9R?ER


 'K3GO[:*_CLI)0MQ)
M&TJ*P(#*I 8@].

^J65MJ=K

G
MU.#QU_

RN)HGB&P'!8%@ RCU&1R/6D@URP




MR3

M/#



MV_U[3=
F
5W.R
J1]L3N(T)(#.5!#(/+8'!]*N7-U#9QJ\S8#.L:@#)9F.

M+A%DC9%9EV


MBN[:*X@D$D





M/C@28S.RR2-%&(XF=I&7.[:J@E@


K;6G











^2?=.4R3LQTQ5B^\-
MW33:U]GL HNM0BNC)$(<W$.Q T?SYYW*S88;3Z\FNXHH Y:RTV2X\/VL
5W
M&EDT\\GVG865&5T54^3DN .@3VKJ:** N-F^'WG322_\ 7^+$WL6VIJ6
[M]0:[N8
MYFB$EP6A:,LN'*#&\8!8<)CW,4^F:E;^&;TCL);FX_M%+R5(I(P(A]I$Q7+
M



[Q
#@ONP-C9X].M;U%6095G:W


^:I]\
M'TKIJ* .3GFO+[6M&CN]+N+'R/


RL

4!9#MY(SMYQFK=CHLUGXGEU*ZAO JR/)'+$8/*6(QX
M$;@?O#MQ@*

!^%:U%% &




K?/NW')4#;P#[\=!16-2I*I+FD]?Z

1C[V.6]J@ATG4KKPA-
M8RV






RKY@F P0@8 C:#C
MDY'4FN^HH XN..X&G6$(O+FYN&U:*2 SV\L+QQC!D $I+D;/

MN#8&1P#2T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !566YE^U&WMX4

;4[6
/Y
MDA4QABYV
5^498 XP2





M
JW?^$^V;5K81VC1F-Y

MR






M:-=



M@!5!&QMP&0
D9'?)JQ=VBW8BS+)&T;[U9

$284
M2-&S





#SY?EX)VC/'/05+#IL=NJB*6




C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
M
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R
C(R

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **YC0-6OKWQKXMT^XGWVMA-:K;1[%'EAX%=N0
G+$






':8W;@@D'GOB@#OZ*Q$\5::\^K


M)4%Q&N
E


K[-Q.



D6*[M)HAY\;MMV+@$@[MZX(



K+N#
M??W\8Q]W '?- &Y17$Z7\3]'U:#2[J&PU6.RU*=;:*[FMU$2S
2%C)#$Y)&


MVWB?Q7:6WBH6EUI[6ZZ7I(MX9#=N\MLE?

2!I$5S%+
MC?&2
[6P2

MG'.XYS72W.L_\(U;V.GW

HSQVZDT =#17

MB^#?$UU-XEN;W9I5P\#-!'#+#((V(8/&%_EQZU/I^M^7/X.L9[N]-QJ.GO)M







O^$/US^Q[R6.VC%]:^*IM:


A:*0HX!&
M


M-N=W 8'.



MMVK1M-
U&3XDMKLUDT%G+H45L=\B$I

+#PEKD/P


%XG4D@$JV0P!^8'@$U

M.DWUWX_\+ZG!!OL[&&]6XDWJ-AD6
)P3DYVGH#TYKIZ* .8\':3?:5/XE:]@



MC)'*D@D$CIP2*EHH YC6=)OKOQ_X7U.#=9V,-ZMQ)O4;#(L83@G)R5/0'IS
M67XW\)R:KX@TG6UT:UUR&TBDM[C3K@HZ/@AXR_R[E([D9!ZUW=% 'G^M^';
MF^^&EYI.C^&H]*FDNH)([!)(AD+/&[
2IV [5)QD]*L^(/]_K/C&\F1/+L;
MKPU



 80S
@+QAL;@IZC.!G'7

[B2


M/#PMDT;4+:2ZF^V1

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

M2(;6U3?(V!DG'8#UK*.L^
[X?Z#X:MK)3TDO[K=GZHG(KIIX2I.*GHD^K:7Y

MD;JZ

JRG((]C45L/4HOWUH]GNGZ/9DSIRA\2'4445B0%%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4





QG!P?*PHHHK
D**** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH QM=5IO+M
M[2:=-1D!\CRYF54 (R[@'!49'4'/3O6S56YTVPO)%DNK*VGD4;0TL2L0/3)%
M6J *FJ_\@B]_ZX2?^@FC2O\ D$67_7/_P!!%96MP:RRWDD-WMCY1)C(&[;

M+;/_ 
](_P#OV?\ XJC;/_STC_[]G_XJ@6BHML__/2/_OV?_BJ-L_\ STC_
M ._9_P#BJ ):*BVS_P#/2/\ []G_ .*HVS_\](_^_9_^*H EHJ+;/_STC_[]
MG_XJC;/_ ,](_P#OV?\ XJ@6BHML_\ STC_ ._9_P#BJ-L__/2/_OV?_BJ
M):*BVS_\](_^_9_^*HVS_P#/2/\ []G_ .*H EHJ+;/_ 
](_P#OV?\ XJC;

MUI=!U:ZCG









MJ[;6(LTV6ZP1COMB.3]3NYH_?RTT7WO_ #]RM=7]R_S*:VEUJTPDU
PVJ'
M*6V[)8^K?X?Y.N %    '  J/;/_ 
](_P#OV?\ XJC;/_STC_[]G_XJKITE


MJC;/_P ](_\ OV?_ (JG4I1J+7=;/J@IU'!Z;=5W&65[%?VPFB/'1E/53W!J

C#_ )YGCV/S5%*HV_9S

M_BJW
26BHML__/2/_OV?_BJ-L_\ STC_ ._9_P#BJ .5\8VTVEW=IXLL8RTU
MC^[O(UZRVQ/S?BO4?GVKJK:YAO+6*YMY!)#*@=''1E(R#39(I98VCD:%D8%6





M '[/_P 50!+146V?_GI'_P!^S_\ %4;9_P#GI'_W[/\ \50!+146V?\ YZ1_

M DHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *FJ_\@B]_PN$G_H)HTK_D$67_7/_T$
M4:K_ ,@B]_ZX2?\ H)HTK_D$67_7/\ ]!%5]CY_H3]HMT445)04444 %%%%



M?(MH;-M$M#_K;F1PTS#T0#[I]S76446#DD_BE^AG:/H=AH=L8;*+!;F25CEY


M

MEHI95B::_AMM[NU[_-75NVMK'15IUIO2+MT[?Y?
ZVN/\67D^K7\/A+39DU
MTN^^F7_EA;]_Q;I_^NE/C6\O%(T?POJUT2/EDG001G_@3'I5[PGH4^E6DUWJ
M+75[]_.NY!S@]D'LHXKJITGA;U:MN9?KIZ]VDWHM]=W;S)C#V7OSWZ+S[_
M _
VK.S@T^RAM+6

QC9!)(&!QP,KE3:ZU-%-TY7ANNO

MD;;@:F90RE6 *D8((X-4S:?V?I
(UE;Z;XAB4F32KI7? Y

LD%F\\=Q# (@7=Y
KR-R3_3\*R-('_



M/@8'@]6]!56QTM9-/G74(UEDO,FX5AQ@]%_HH0-9U(W##=96Q*Q ])'[M]




U^T^




MW5GZQT_*QO5]Z
9_+YK_ (%A:***XS **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **P=8TF)[F*\6TN+@;R9XX;AE9AMP 6 X/;BK&@V
MTEM;W.ZWEMXI)R\

%BI
M4D[E)Z
1UJ2[L$O8O*GEE
?G)+M& /E((7IRN1D]^3SBK=% %+4=.74X?(EN
M)DMV!66*/:!*#V)()_(CK5VBB@#G];U6ZB6\M%TR:2$Q%?M SM *\G[O;/KV









MK=((IX%1!

MT_[Y/^-;I22LDC%_5V[MR^Y?YFE_;EA_S\P?]_X__BJ9-JVEW$+PS2VTD3@J
MR--&0P]-U4/^$!\*?\ 0#M/^^3_ (T?\(#X4_Z =I_WR?\ &G[_ )MAN\O



M!/1)P


M_9]UT?\ GV=T'FO_ 
^\GYK_ (U4U*SAU;3IK&\M9V@F&'R!3USU#9ZBMB

22(




MUQ2:;?F[1HIE\N[A^66







M]Y/S7_&CS7_Y]Y/S7_&I:* (O-?_ )]Y/S7_ !H\U_\ GWD_-?\ &I:* (O-



6-JDD[@?3/%7-*6V


MU2VTY$Q9&RM6E=(S_$I. &8?Q#..
=*ZW1W\/Z'A[3PAKC7'4W
UCYDK'N=Q
M/'X8KT%SY
#


V=UI_B+7+K<))GU.!8!QA4#]N3TYX/K70*_CW5
YMD!'T(&16!<?##2(<S:
M#=7VB78.Y)+6X8IN_P!I&)!'MQ2]G1E]IK[OTU.BE5=&-HPB_/6_XNQT&AZ/
LV=M;6=E
M#;V<:1VT:!8U3H%[8KM]F\#!2?QO;R7?U?3LM=VCH]HX^_+XW^'R[]NRU[$L
M<:0Q)%$BI&@JJC 4#H *=117G'




M-;OR?O1Q2BWB;_@_P-*/A+X)_BT8LW=FNYLG_Q^NUHI?6*O25O33\@]E#L




23^$+F3+H

BLI
M32;5_P#EA?^6A']YOY?AB+5F;QYXJ.@0DG0=+D$FI2 \7$PY6$'N!U;^A K
MOE544*H 4#  ' %=#_=0M]I_@O\ @_EZF?QN_1?F+1117.:!7/\ BW39[FPB
MUQ'_$QTY_/@Q_$!]Y/H1V]A7044$RBI*S.0UW3HO&WA6VU'32JWT0\^T=L'




C_!LBE/DFI/^NY-'(DL:21L&1P&5AT(/


M;%(YV!W/\L36OGB0XZ;1S^((^M2Z$)5TQ4ETZ.PVL0L28P5_O8'3//!YJCK%


M@#1JL+^W.H_8-S?:/+


L.OK5NL36;:XN
MECGL[2Y34%#I#.LRJL66'WQN^93M!Q@\#L:VZ *FJ_\ ((O?^N$G_H)HTK_D
M$67_ %PC_P#014&KWMJFGWL#7

M[GS_ $)^T6ZY7Q#=3ZSJ*^&=.D*;U#W\Z_\ +*+^[_O-_*M#Q'K;:3:1Q6L?

MR?4G'45)#?2ZM-_PF.M22V.A6 
FGVN2K2GIYCCN3GK[^G765TU0AJ_+J_^
M!LO^=4:?MKS6D%HOT5N[W?:^NR-_5M?C\
S75WK&HP?99MHLK98B) 0/FR1


O_P#O^E=;11]8H_\ /E??+_
/



0Y7>6




MK\
F@:LGB6T0M P$6HQ*/O)VD ]5_E^-)]S*?N/G7S_S^7Y%/QOI\^E7EOXR




WN4#+B9X&Y2#Q






M_P!\C[-!_SPC_[X%2T4 1?9H/\ GA'_ -\C[-!_P \(_\ O@5+10!%]F@_
MYX1_]\C[-!_SPC_ .^!4M% $7V:#_GA'_WP*/LT'_//_O@5+10!%]F@_YX


/#ES?



SF;/Q7H%Q-]GN5_L^Y[PWL

I'?7\SI?LT'_ #PC_P^!37L[:1&1H(RK#!^


.L$WOZ-




XEN8TWV


#T_EUKJ=*OM)UNP2]T]H)H6[A1E3Z$=0?:M*N4U7PI/!?OK


MA'_WP*EHH B^S0?\\(_^^!1]F@_YX1_]\I:* (OLT'_ #PC_P^!2BWA4@B
M&






MZ _=7\.AK3N+6U\4^(KG3K.&.'0K.?S]3EC4*+NX'\!(Z@8R3_\ 6-4KG3K3
MP'HT6@:)-G6=3PLEY)]Z.

L8VM=+C&&D8?O;



MJ.L6J(.D

M2')*P1ES*X4445!1GZQH]IK=@]I=ID'E''WHV[
I[&LK0M7NK:].@:VP^WQC
M

M5K$U.V%G
]ZL*RVLPVWD!7(8?WL?SI?#&KR:KIA2[79J%JY@NH_1QW^AZ_G6



Z
M5XGBAO%D


I4H33E2Z;I[KT[K\4;6M^'].\06@M[^ /MYCE4[7C/JK=
MJY\)XM\
V5O<KZ31*_\Q6!/\.?=Q)YC:0BL?\ GG*Z#\E8K_V27\T
M?NE_DQ_N7W7W/_(ZFBN2_P%9^$?^@6W_@3+_P#%4?\ LO/_0+;_P)E_\
MBJ7)A/YY?^ K_P2#EH_S/[O^=;17(#P!;6@_XE&LZOIN/NQQ7):/\ [Y;.

MWL?@:X#P5\7]#3PII6F0:5KMY/I]C;V]P;2R\U598PO4-T)4XSCI4_PB\2P7




M
-9%C\J0J5
AQM4YX'4'GH.:U** .*N;6TLM.T

M$A\

8FFD5!O*_P#+.


M #\2?DO^%'E/_P _$GY+_A4&1+147E/_ 


_$GY+_
M (4 2T5%Y3_\_$GY+_A1Y3_\_$GY+_A0!+147E/_ 



M 
_$GY+_ (4 2T5%Y3_\_$GY+_A1Y3_\_$GY+_A0!+147E/_ 



_$GY+_ (4 2T5%Y3_\_$GY+_A1Y3_\_$GY+_A0!R_CG1;JZL[;

/\\UN:#K5KXAT2UU2S;



MYSI5[IEUI^O*C/9W))GMI&49.'_ASCZCCZ5I_8OB7_T%O#__ 'XD_P *9]D^
=D



M[



?K6
M52LJ;2W?1+?^O


M?;1'+-IR;1Z_1114DA1110 4444 %%%% !1110!4U7_D$7O_ %PD_P#031I7
M_((LO^N$?_H(HU7_ )!%[_UPD_\ 031I7_((LO\ KA'_ .@BJ^Q\_P!?M%N
MBBBI*BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH Q=9\):!X


'N6GU;36U%F.9+FQFAWGWPRAC6E::CK&E









IKD?.OG_G_70Z
MFBJUA?VVIV
5Y:2K)!*N58?R/H1Z59IFB=U=!1110
**S-6\0Z9HJC[;=*LC





?:I!_&P_NCL/_ *]=C3(H
MHX(4AB14C10JJHP !T I]*A#EWW84444RPHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH H7NF





M?FO^-'FO_P ^\GYK_C4M% $7FO\ \^\GYK_C1YK_ //O)^:_XU+10!%YK_\









$H8YWNM

^\GYK_ (U+10



MQD'IGH:M7

M+'*@ Y)#L
''05=U*VNKZRDM8S'$LDBHS;SDQ9&_MPQ&X#\\T 5XM?2?[(L-


MA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#
M]LMO^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA_P^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46
M871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA
M_P^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]
MLMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA_P^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GX
MA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#
M]LMO^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA_P^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46
M871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA
M_P^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]
MLMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA_P^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GX
MA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#
M]LMO^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA_P^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46
M871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA
M_P^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]
MLMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#]LMO^?B'_OL4?;+;_GXA_P^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GX
MA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?\ OL46871-14/VRV_Y^(?^^Q1]LMO^?B'_ +[%%F%T345#
M]LMO^?B'_OL4HNK=FK/$23@ ..:+
=R6BBBD 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 5
N3-M*HX8[0-IR0%^A]1W=]!6.DHH

O'!ZC





T :M%%% !116#I6LS3.EO.OF._VR3S
@








N 2@,YQ
MGC)V8&?6J+:I-ITU[;W!:]:!H/(9@JLS3,4L0 !@]P.A_
 WZ*QQJ&I#7+2

\-TP.O7CG8H ***;(2L3L.H4D4 .J&U_U3?\
M71__ $
6D@;(D. 21[
MG'U!JW0 445A74M]-K&HPP:@]LEM:12QJ$0J68R9W94G'R#H10!KK_Q^R_\
M7-/YM4U<[:^)'N9[1$TZ5VEB@:=D5SY9D&1T4C SDY8=^M:5AJ$U_)*Z6Z+:
M)))$LAE.]F1BI^7;@#(/?MTH T**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *1
MMQ4A2 V.1G!I:* 

2V3_JR2G'3@L?SJW10!FS:!ID\(BDMB4'F

_F*RX?#UF+2&*Y#321F0F0

!K8AIG.(FQE!D\#

'CIT_KZU+10!0FT6PG9V:


MJEFZ=
 'K3GO[:*_CLI)0MQ)&TJ*P(#*I 8@].



MSZI9VS7 FG5!;1B29CT0'.
GU.#QU_

RN)


JM;LN\/T







F
5W.R
J1]L3N(T)(#.5!#(/+8'




MC^7&SD




















[M]0:[N8YFB$EP6A:,LN'*#&\8!8<)CW,4^F:E;^&;T
MCL);FX_M%+R5(I(P(A]I$Q7+
N2 2!C/(KL**@HXOQ+HNI:EJINK6TEW-:Q)


[Q
#@ONP
M-C9X].M;U%6095G:W

M(FJ:2+6&7!(C=3+N!]
^:I]\'TKIJ* .3GFO+[6M&CN]+N+'R/
8R%1)&[F-

RL

4!9#MY(SMYQFK=CHLU
MGXGEU*ZAO JR/)'+$8/*6(QX$;@?O#MQ@*

M\LWEMU0/(SA3[@


M/1?K%FL:TXJR?Y?Y&3HFA_V*LX

K?/NW

MGS+SP
1C[V.6]J@ATG4KKPA-8RV

-&MVA&YL?NL<$CDX)[M30M1_L^S^W:0+Q5:_,ED)8R$DEG+QR98@'





RKY@F P0@8 C:#CDY'4FN^HH XN..X&G6$(O+FYN&U:*2 SV\L+
MQQC!D $I+D;/

M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


;4[6
/YDA4QABYV
5^498 XP2


MY102
G2
M(?-NITHN//&&!Y\OR\$[1GCGH* )X+^XN/)BWL?*28/L.TJV<<_A_GG%23
M666XF6K/;P F64. 5 )!.WN
JW?^$^V;5K81VC1F-Y




N
$\9R
#OV% #9;_R9+P21';;0B;*G)8'=V['Y
M#3[.Z-RLH=%22)]CA6W#. W!P
\

H0NT 9QCC/\1[]Z6S



YQ]*N3V:2

MCUV\T^TMC:VT
7F
VQ

3_&QY+'WSG\S49TRV:7SBO[_ 
WS?-P-^?3..F./

M.

TR._MI)EA5VWMT!1ASC.



5PA^1L!B
@9QCH151M#M74!V9


JIY;*%7IMV\$C(XXX-6+:T^S%R)Y7:23S'9]N6.T+C@#C@4 6:*** /_9
end







begin 644 safm-20191031_g3.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 &0 ED# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH




@N[Z\OC+!?+-':1%3=R!8]G[I
M3MR
GKP.3D#- 'H5%





L!D[AYG!)






\/EHZNRCS!N
'O%?@JVG
MNM0OVDMKT7




MAQ:Q;ZY=:MI5B]RIM5





,-
M*G,?F6=MH#VD]UO7Y[EITD8XSGYCO;.,5W=% 'EFB^%O$.AZ#X&O!I?VB^T2
M.YANK!9XU<K,,95BVPD84XSR:G?PKKNL6WCU[[3ULI]7%O)8*LZ/^\BA79D


J1


FC1%THS-





M!21L!QN (..M
G\
R2^&K*WTC0;RPQKUM?307MXLLK*LB
\K






-'YLA95([$*5R.QS74444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!7OY7@TZZEC.UTA=E.
X(!(HL)7GTZUED.Y
MWA1F.


UBBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH Y
M_6]*NI5O+M=3FCA$1;[.
[2 O(^]WQZ=ZT=

(VL3I6M9S]ANU$C
M$+\L3_*W;Z5T_E/_ ,_$GY+_ (54UW3QJFA7UCC+30LJ_P]C*_KBJOA34UU





M //Q)^2_X5+10!%Y3_\ /Q)^2_X52U74K/1+![W4=1
$_Q-MR3Z 8R3[C7

19%-S/[D?PK


M HH5?4G!Q78ZEJ LHE5%\RYD.V*(=6/^%)IM@;2-Y)F\RZF.Z63U/H/85SU%


M1T/O_/FI^KTX_%?UN_\ 


Y7B*B_X9?Y&2VDW


M0ULU=*HY)J7Q+?\ S]&35@HM..SV_KR(O*?_ )^)/R7_  H\I_\ GXD_)?\
MI:*U,B+RG_Y^)/R7_CRG_Y^)/R7_I:* (O*?_ )^)/R7_  H\I_\ GXD_
M)?\ I:* (O*?_GXD_)?\*/*?_GXD_)?\*EHH B\I_\ GXD_)?\ CRG_P?
MB3\E_P *EHH B\I_^?B3\E_PH\I_^?B3\E_PJ6B@+RG_P?B3\E_P */*?_

M \


T5S!'/
MZR12*&1U.0P/0TD33?NRW7]7)****9H%%%% !1110 45FZOX@TC08?-U34;


E\SXB
Y2UN
M_<=BTRL(W&HQS-G'90/U) J*M)TH.<I:+S1=/$^TDHQIQU_NO\ S*5GI6NZ

WKEK'5?&MA;B&/



5S;O


:O445K
M$8*T59&4YRF[R=PHHHJR0HHHH **** F2Q1SQ/%-&LD;@JR.
AAZ$4^B@#

MA?VVJ6$%]9RB6WF0.CCN/\?:G&5]'N15I**4X.\7^#[/^M1]W:QWMK);RC*.
M
?3WJGI-U(R265R?]*MCM8_WU[-6E65JT



M?1K:SVVKW





MG6%51DL8@ !Z]:S[3XC#4HC/IOA[5+R $KYL



M\?\ WV*/M


_\ MB7_ *!5]_WP/\:/[8E_Z!5]_P!\#_&M#[3!_P ]
X:ZN+AKFY9=N]A@*/0#M5:_\ %OA[2P?MFL6<;#J@E#-_WR,G]*L:
MEJ4EOI[3Z=##?3Y7;#]H6/<0=QXX!S^%$:,;\TFY-?ULMG*I9)1Y4_P ?

MT^JGN*J^(IO#K:6\FO?8I;2/D8!\'_9'7/TYKI492?+%79E
6TG?7MN;2L

ASD&NBT7XGVTM@!

Z:FDH\T-?)JS_/7Y'H-(RJZE
M64,I&",@BN1_P%DZ!_=O\ _P !'_PH_P%DZ!_=O\ _P !'_PJOJ&*_P?

M;6K5M*UU!S;2GY9O]J)NC#VZ_7&:C_X63H']V_\ _ 1_\*Y[QEXD\
^)_#UQ

M;XIM?$7AVVN&N$%W'&L=TC'!$FT9/N#U!_PKH/M


M!_SWC_[[% $M%1?:8/\ GO'_ -]BC[3!_P ]X_\ OL4 2T5%]I@_Y[Q_]]BC
M[3!_SWC_ .^Q0!+147VF#_GO'_WV*/M




MW!_UV?S
NU8:1J+6+G;:SDO;D]%;NG^%;-5+I;&\@

M.0K2_;++H&5@9(_KZBN9-X?1KW/R\GY=GTZFK2KZI^]^?_!_
WJ*R/\ A)-/






 TC*I. ._;\ZR/!6D:AI^A:9;S-;MITEB9)XF4F5IY&W'

6H6ND:.8T:?4+](@Q4%DC'S2$'J. 
XKM  H    X %;;S]
M;4

DMY-W^6B_4X%KW7?!



.CF(L_P#W

FZ;#IFF16$4DTL48(#3.7<Y)/)[]:SI)
M=%\#Z%FQK;3UE$8(#/M+M]YB<G&3U/T]!6[4-W:6]_9RVEU$LL$RE'1APP-
M)K30TC.\O?NTW=DJL'4
I!4C((/!%+7!6-SKO@II-*DTF^UC28SFSN;;#RQH





_Y_(_UH_MW3/\ G\C_ %J[]GA_YXQ_
M]\BC[/#_ 



8RO)!XDM.KJL8M[A/]T#Y6'MUKIKC5;:RT?^T[_?:0
M+&LD@E7+1YQP0,\@G'%9J5]S2=%QMRM2OV_RW_ O453O]3M].TN3491(\*&


JLG)PIJ[7W+_/T0XP@H\T]$_O\ EV]683^&KCQ$





MP749ZK(O!_/K6S7*L!I'Q1@-L&L6Y!]/.C[_P#?/ZFNJI(BFVU9[K0****9
MH%1SP1W-O+;S('BE0HZGN


M:&8




ME[&E_*ON7^0_;5/YG][_ 

CQ%'!+8I'.P.Y_EB:U\\2''3:.?Q!'UJ70A*NF*DNG


1+F26.Y=

M )Z1_P#?L_\ Q59E$M



M](_^_9_^*K2G35./*B*DW.7






MJ1I%@*/89IIT*'O1?/+IH^5??JWY;=[[#3IT]5[S_!?Y_D0:)HMGH&F1V-DF


](_P#O
MV?\ XJC;/_STC_[]G_XJ@# \;6\G]B)J

ETGN%/S#Z8)_*M^VN([JU


MQ5
U):*BVS_\](_^_9_^*HVS_P#/2/\ []G_ .*H EHJ+;/_ 
](_P#OV?\

[2:)XI?$GB9XW!5E;4
^<MP,GF%CRC8_A/7WX%=MJW@K3-8OC?SIY5
MZ0%-Q;L\;D#IT;!_*J:^]5MN++QCJL:?W9L38^F:ZY5*-27

M^FS.EQH3B[:-][W7H[O3R:-;PYXKTOQ-;NUE(R7
7$]I

MQ/





M!(


<'MG'X5'U_$=';T4;
M?^DDNO-7Y9?A;]#_P$@_Z&+Q%_P# _X4?\(%!_T
7B+_ 
&!_P *W--T
*H+Q.R7]F!C_@
M2\FD\PQ*^U^$?_D2X5)2;7M$O5;_ (.WS)/^$@_Z&+Q%_X
#_A1_P (%!_T
M




M[0/R..&7IV.:T_\ A H/^AB\1?\ @P/^%4].$OA;QS/I1=$T_6=UU:DH=J3C







!BR^:A=#D8((!!_$&C3;.:U6=[F9)9IY?-?RTV(IV
MA< $G^[Z]<T 7:*** BBB@IJO_ "+W_KA)_Z:S[2+5&T^T-M=0)%]GCV



L]'T^*QL(%@MXAA47^9/


EK=MK.M3]UN88,G\$_P!R

M2MZLW^16M6TZ\(1=.AL]WU?^2\NO5]!RJ1BN6G\WU?\ DOZ84445QF(4444

M233KDEUCKL;JN!DXKJ[*[BO[&[@.8IHQ(I]B
+:Y4!P
D


M?S:*N@:G.O[RXD59(;F;:
 O'@'=VXXS^9I*O0:FNG5:_D.'L:CYJ4N679NW


M]/K7&0&/4[/PUIGAQH&UBWE)MK:TMF@N;$J?WC3N3P

=)NDTBZ\2ZJF-7\02






1P0T

M 
0H3@



8O\*Z^BEROO^0_;T_^?:^^7^9R

M%D


/3TA3YO.3


MK6


M\I:)&RR6OE ^8QZ-NZC'I1)8N^K0WPO+E4CB:
VRM^Z



[]

M\2L8[G9X;T_HRPRB:YD^C#A1[CGZUVM%)QOU-*=;DNU%7^^WIT^]




0




M/BX


MHB
 % [5:HKMB)5$HV2BMDMO^_-D3J.2MLNR(OM

M_GO'_P!]BI:* (OM

M@_Y[Q_\ ?8J6B@+[3!_SWC_ .^Q5'6K:TUC1KNPDFBQ-&5!+#ANH/X'!K3H
MH$TFK,YSPMKR7NGSOG6'4[

M*


'_

MM4OV:%K74+1)UC






M4)[RQ@N) FJ
%W.@8X&.F36C\)Y9(;'Q+87&HW-W]C\0W5K ]Y.9)/+0(%&3


M0R36EO(YZL\8)/XD59HH$TGN4_[)TW_H'VO_ 'Y7_C^R=-_Z!]K_P!^5_PJ

M5.

C(]2O5:VM



TBU)704444#BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


CJ#GIWK9H J:K_R+W_KA)_Z:QM3UP:!X
M[M5\


WB#_ 



WB#_ 

_^M1J'

WB#_ 


WB#_
M 


WB#_ 

M(/\ P

WB#_ 

_^M1J'-/\



H?[H]ZDU7_ )!%[_UPD_\ 031I7_((LO\ KA'_ .@BM&[P

MVBW1114E!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

''059UNTO

M$G_H)HTK_D$67_7/_T$51UG6+&VO+)Y\7!A9=FQNI7CG&.XJSIMS!'I=HC

MPNB:BH?MEM_S\0_]]BC[9;?\_$/_ 'V*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#
M_P!]BBSZ)J*A^V6W_/Q#_WV*/MEM_S\0_\ ?8HLPNB:BH?MEM_S\0_]]BC[
M9;?\_$/_ 'V*+,+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_P!]BBSZ)J*A^V6W_/Q
M#_WV*/MEM_S\0_\ ?8HLPNB:BH?MEM_S\0_]]BC[9;?\_$/_ 'V*+
+HFHJ'
M[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_P!]BBSZ)J*A^V6W_/Q#_WV*/MEM_S\0_\ ?8HL
MPNB:BH?MEM_S\0_]]BC[9;?\_$/_ 'V*+,+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#
M_P!]BBSZ)J*A^V6W_/Q#_WV*/MEM_S\0_\ ?8HLPNB:BH?MEM_S\0_]]BC[
M9;?\_$/_ 'V*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_P!]BBSZ)J*A^V6W_/Q
M#_WV*/MEM_S\0_\ ?8HLPNB:BH?MEM_S\0_]]BC[9;?\_$/_ 'V*+,+HFHJ'
M[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_P!]BBSZ)J*A^V6W_/Q#_WV*/MEM_S\0_\ ?8HL
MPNB:BH?MEM_S\0_]]BC[9;?\_$/_ 'V*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#
M_P!]BBSZ)J*A^V6W_/Q#_WV*/MEM_S\0_\ ?8HLPNB:BH?MEM_S\0_]]BC[
M9;?\_$/_ 'V*+,+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_P!]BBSZ)J*A^V6W_/Q
M#_WV*/MEM_S\0_\ ?8HLPNB:BH?MEM_S\0_]]BC[9;?\_$/_ 'V*+
+HFHJ'
B-B5)'DH^T;58DY+'H?R%1'Q0XM

MA');RR.ML(MV5:

MR\)NMK?*RKDY.W: 2


M']JKVVN2MJ.L32R1-9P+UHK\ $M)&?F ).YEXX/48ZT =-16%8^()M0ELH







MFPXP24 !/&


]HB:=*[2
2X-RSQ[H@'V!/E ;(&T8QDYR:E30M-CM9K5;<^3- MLZF1CF-=V%S
MG(QN;IZ^PK1HH **** H6M86O$NRG[](VC5LGA6()&.G51^5344 5!IMJMV



V%\QRQPN2








M];0
\!NXI(S\[

MY&!@YXP




QZ(#G&

 000

P+
P502!\O) ^;'- &C1

Z

H]:


M;-2X9W1D(*L4(VD YW C&
T 7Z*@M+N.]A\V)9E7.
30O$W_ 'RX!_2JLFN:
M?' DQF=EDD:*
1Q
[2
N=VU5!+ 8/(&.

DKT(((
,-\RALX)'H=I_(TR:[AMYX(96VM.
MQ6/(X+ 9QGUP?P- $]%%% !1110 4444 %8^NZ!_;GV?_B;ZKI_D[O^0?<^










M -=U10!Y^WAO5?[)LK=[#S;E=(M;6WE\Q/\ 0+A
[WR3[IRF2=F.F*L7WANZ
M:;6OL]@%%UJ$5T9(A#FXAV(&C^?/.Y6;##:?7DUW%% '+66FR07'A^UABNXT

MY/0#;P*[*BKA4E#X7_7W$RBI;G%?\*Z_ZG+Q?_X-/_L:ZB\:[LM'D-C ][=1





[B!N3@C

]VLL#K# FX8W,F\LP]OGY_V36Q110!%<0_:(&B\V2+=_'&VUA]#

/%'CG;O91N/3/;D^E;%%5G&M



W'0LWZ(M9VKZ3/?ZEK%MN9$U321:PRX)$;J9=P/IGS5/O@^




L0#A=PSU&_IUKNZ* .$E\


MI$*NY A^15.W&.I+'UKL:* BBB@ HHHH **** LS5['5+SR?[-UC^SMF[S
M/]&6;S
XQ][IC!_.M.B@35U9G
_V)XI_Z'#_ 

M]OE_Z


-G?'P#
MQLYZ5V-%

MOB7+#


8

MDP-P; R. :6@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *JRW,OVHV]
MODCJ@=R\FP $D#H#SP?RJU5::T$LXF2:6&3;L+1[?F'4 @@CC)_.@!C:G:Q
MA_
D*F





$;

GIT  Z
_2I3J5J)5B+N'8*0#&P^\2JYX
A'%
U#418PP2;8\2OMS
_EA?E9N3@_


!D9QDXP





9BY$\KM))YCL^W+':%QP!QP* +-%%% '_V0$!
end







begin 644 safm-20191031_g4.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 &0 ED# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH











CD9H Z6BO

A+


#7'7OBC6+*Q\:V7VD/JEE=QQ
MZ:YC4;5N0@@&
8;:[

--/O]3N+6UOM/EBM/MJF^B$8D@!P9!R2 #C(8*1GI5&#XC


M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

!%?S25#2%5;&





MZ8;_ 



A:*0HX!&
JP
WN(D&BSPW,VG/O&?M-RB!SC.1M9&(R/^6AKUB@#RJ
&/[-%U&VZ(3N\I



(;V^CV/F/'I0#*?W4LK32< Y'S%1SC[M9]YX2UR7P'XGTU



M=%%%2
**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HJE?:G!
M9%8R&EG?[D,8RQ_PJO\ :]8E_P!7IT4(]99L_H*QE7A%\NK?DFS6-;7-LO-

MSHO+1Q[@Q'MFKUE?P7\6^%N1PR-PRGT(JH5XRERM-/ST^XF5&45S)IKRU+-%
M%%;&04444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%

M_P @BR_ZX1_^@BJ^Q\_T)^T6Z***DH**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@

MP-8T9R5TM.^R_$UJ*RMVNR=$L81[EF/^%'V/6'^]JB)[);@_SJ?;M[0E]R7Y
MLKV*6\U^?Y(TW=(D+R
%11DLQP!62VH7.I
8M
7;%G#74@X'^Z.YIXT4S2*U


L7H'_B']:UZBA-RA:6ZT?K_P=_F56@HRO'9ZK^O+8****V
@
V?
M3ZU?H J:K_R+W_KA)_Z:-*_P019?]<(__ $$5E:WJMU$MY:+IDTD)B*_:









M_P :/-?_ )]Y/S7_ !K6%.



MDG:VS_0V:*R(M7F@D2WU*U


M  49SIR@]26BHO-?_GWD_-?\:/-?_GWD_-?\:T():*B\U_\ GWD_-?\ &CS7


M -!-&E?\@BR_ZX1_^@BC5?\ D$7O_73_P!!-&E?\@BR_PN$?\ Z*K['S_
M $)^T6Z***DH**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH



M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $5Q;Q74+0SQAXVZ@UDA[C0Y$25S-
MIS':';[T/IGU%;=

MZKS'@@C(Y%%9&G2O877]EW+$C&;:0_QK_=^HK7JJ53VD;[/JNS%4I\DK=.GF
M@HHHK0SBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *FJ_\
M@B]_ZX2?^@FC2O\ D$67_7/_P!!%&J_\@B]_PN$G_H)HTK_D$67_7/_T$
M57V/G^A/VBW1169/JX




=4U/PO=YBU/Q;+
M=;NJ0K
T?Y*2*R$_X0:R!?3M?N+.7L\



XYK_Q_L.W1-(W8X_TI

M




M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !



MK




CTJCH'PXOK[3VU;4KG&I2D2Q+=()0W_7

MXNM
M]

MK9OMKN_EIU?1^'M8MQ.=)N['2]4C'










M_(_N?^1OT5@?\)OX7_P@]8?]_A1_PF_A?_H/6'_?X4<T






M:7_X'_&MOJL?^?L?O?_ ,B8^Q7\Z_'_ .MHKDO[/\ '/\ T'-+_P# 0_XT







VCWC :I;H
^6QZ3J/Y_\ U^.R=;74




M5=9/M.F3MW.

M:TTYQ/+N VO/CY1TZ*#D_7%;FL^+K;3M.:=(I]S$)&S1D!F/0#U/H*T-!TS^


OO.H\I_^?B3\E_PH\I_^?B3\E_PKEM-

D\-^6?3IGKJRK4)T6E+KJFM4_1D3IR@
M[
B\I_\ GXD_)?\ CRG_P?B3\E_P *EHK$@B\I_P#GXD_)?\*/*?\ Y^)/
MR7_I:* (O*?_GXD_)?\*/*?_GXD_)?\*EHH B\I_P#GXD_)?\*/*?\ Y^)/
MR7_I:* (O*?_GXD_)?\*/*?_GXD_)?\*EHH HR:5:RDF2-')Z[HHS_[+4!\


R?^$;TG_GPM/_ 6+_XFC_A&])_Y
M\+3_ 
!8O_B:UJ*+(/:3_F?WO_

MFM:BBR#VD_YG][_S
G_A&])_Y\+3_P !8O\ XFH;S1] T^TDNKNWL8((QEY)






M3GJQ=XS?WO\ S-OKWMH^SK*W9J]U^.J[K[B7_A'=*_Y\;7_P&B_^)H_X1W2O





N
3/@=L+C









5HDG?_@_?8N:OXRM+*[.FZ;!)JNJG@6MMR$_WVZ**


MJ
Z-^58<


I[&NJC7BH^R
MJZP?WI]U^JZ^MF:PJ*W)/;\O-?JNI?HKBK35]0\(7






I5@
$







X[4&*__ +8647
8T\0%6@V?.9
_


MK=WU7R95L=0@OXRT1*NO#QL


BNDYPHHHH **** BBB@#FO$L^FWD;6<FI6]O<H&7$R%P-RD'CCG!

MAR
$$ @_B#1IMG-:K.]S
DLT\OFOY:;$4[0N 3_ '?7KF@[115 W\JZZFG

MRG).[I[&M2@IJO_ "+W_KA)_Z:QH=
%EX9EN-$L(%U2YME.]0%9W*@9+'






M\AGO@=Q7&?$6TFBTNT\1V2;KW0YQ= #J\725?H5Y/TK6C+F_=2V?X/H1-6]]




G3DG\[
M?TRZS!5+
0% R23P!7%7?B/4?$UU)IGA(A8$.RYU=US''ZB
?QM[]/YUT5]9


M7Q!9GY8;NT7$P/82)_[
/QS0Y6W-H4O:M\C2?9O]79?D=O17
Z3-XNO]2BN=





MSVH2YO&U:6V:QVV:Q!TN_-!WN3RFSJ

8R





M!P .U
@ABMH(X((UCBC4*B*
!0.@ J2JQ%?VC48JT5LO\^[?5_HD95*G-HM$

M=HV'Z$?K765%/;P7*!)X8Y5!SB10P_6L^5K9G6Z].H[U8Z]T[?AJOR
'_A/O


66S<(GFA&ST!Y('X8]Q5!;GQOX@4&WM/#]JW69
MY!<S,/50/E_.NS95=2K ,I&#T(K'2&^TF1H[2W-W9M\R)Y@5HCW'/45R.+H
MO2_)Y=/UM^7IMUTZRG'X5S]WU_&U_7?U
^XOM.^'GAQ[G5M4OKSS)N&F/FS3

?0UQ/C+Q

M6JWMU\36ZEA:JCAFE8XPH !'KS75%IQ31QSDY2;;N_E^FAZS1115$A1110!
M@:UKD$%S#9QZI#:.9)WP&:




M=

@B]_ZX2?\ H)HTK_D$67_7/\ ]!%:.W)I
M_6A*OS$WVA/[LG_?IO\ C[0G]V3_OTW^%2T5F41?:$_NR?]^F_PH^T)_=D_










M:%JAQJ=B





MO\*BN66XM980]Q$9$*^9&C!ER





M#J:%IEEH&DQ6%JLI5.7D:)MTCGJQXZFJ7AG2+31();BZOHKK5;L[[NZ9QEF_
MNCT4=A6]]LM?^?F'_OL5O7JPC'V%)^ZMW_

M%^T)_=D_[]-_A1]H3^[)_P!^F_PI/MEK_P _
/\ WV*JWVNZ5IL!FN[^WC3_
M 'P2?H!R?PKD
7)+5LM_:$_NR?\ ?IO\*X/QKX[DM)%T30%DN-5G;R\1K\RG

MIX_Y;6T1AN5'J4QM;\.36YHGC?0=??R;2Z9+Q?OVDT929#W!7V]LU73POJNF




@P
5H:?X

DY/ %





&STZWA8=' M
M_P!]'FM&@7)*7Q[=D-CC2&-8XT5$0!551@ #L!7&:XC^$_$^);92=-NRL6J




M4_J-;K;_ 




^LOT

MZ;_&LB.S^(]XIEFU71M/WG(@BMVEV#T+'J:=_8/CUN3XTM4]ETM#_
UA[&/6
M2_'_ .?EA_)^-7_A!_#7_0)A_[Z;_&L#5;KPIX6OUM=



VS1:=;X




M?Y!SVTEI^1VU%16]S!=P+/;31S0N
K)&P96^A%2U@:!1110 4444 %%%% !4

W^MBC?\ WE!J2BFFUL!7^PV?_/K!_P!^Q4ZJJ*%4 *.@ Z4M%#DWNQW;
MBBBD(***YG7?'6BZ,ODQWZAJ+G9#8V;25W[# SM^I_6JA4W:*N)R45=F

5O;H


$/Q+D&7N_#

MV%HU=K12]N_Y5]P_9^;^\XK^SOB)_P!![1?_  #;_&D.F?$1QM_X2'2(P?XT

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** 

M
:ZNJG


@;MNWYA]WZ]ZT=

MM&K0_KL2G[Q?HJ+;/_STC_[]G_XJC;/_ 
](_P#OV?\ XJLRB6BHML__ #TC
M_P_9_\ BJ-L_P#STC_[]G_XJ@6BHML_P#STC_[]G_XJC;/_P ](_\ OV?_
M (J@6BHML__ #TC_P_9_\ BJ-L_P#STC_[]G_XJ@6BHML_P#STC_[]G_X
MJC;/_P ](_\ OV?_ (J@6BHML__ #TC_P_9_\ BJ-L_P#STC_[]G_XJ@6



\8^#H@-




MBHML_P#STC_[]G_XJC;/_P ](_\ OV?_ (JLRR6BHML__/2/_OV?_BJ-L_\
MSTC_ ._9_P#BJ ):*BVS_P#/2/\ []G_ .*HVS_\](_^_9_^*H EHJ+;/_ST
MC_[]G_XJC;/_ 
](_P#OV?\ XJ@6BHML_\ STC_ ._9_P#BJ-L__/2/_OV?
M_BJ ):*BVS_\](_^_9_^*HVS_P#/2/\ []G_ .*H EHJ+;/_ ,](_P#OV?\
MXJC;/_STC_[]G_XJ@6BHML__/2/_OV?_BJ-L_\ STC_ ._9_P#BJ ):*BVS
M_P#/2/\ []G_ .*HVS_\](_^_9_^*H EHJ+;/_STC_[]G_XJC;/_ 
](_P#O
MV?\ XJ@6BHML_\ STC_ ._9_P#BJ-L__/2/_OV?_BJ ):*BVS_\](_^_9_^
M*HVS_P#/2/\ []G_ .*H EHJ+;/_ ,](_P#OV?\ XJC;/_STC_[]G_XJ@6B
MHML__/2/_OV?_BJ-L_\ STC_ ._9_P#BJ ):*BVS_P#/2/\ []G_ .*HVS_\
M](_^_9_^*H EHJ+;/_STC_[]G_XJES9&9(R.^$/^- $E%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110!4U7_D$7O_ %PD_P#031I7_((LO^N$?_H(HU7_ )!%[_UPD_\
M031I7_((LO\ KA'_ .@BJ^Q\_P!?M%NBBBI*BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H


MD$7O_73_P!!-&E?\@BR_PN$?\ Z*K['S_ $)^T6Z***DH**** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

MMJ%I:/#*3=
4208V@A6;!YST4]JN5EZG:WUQJ.FS6T=NT5K*TK^9
RDY1TP


M_P#?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*FS'=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;
M+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U
M%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19
MA=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^
M^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y
M^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'V
MRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[
M[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_G
MXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;
M+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U
M%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19
MA=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^
M^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y
M^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'V
MRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[
M[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_GXA_[[%'VRV_Y^(?^^Q19A=$U%0_;+;_G





M@_\ 0%JGJ=Y-;7VEI&V$FG=95P/F40R
![
8+


MB:!W5@



M09'12
#.3EAWZUI6&H37\DKI;HMHDDD2R&4[V9&*GY=N 
@]^W2@#0HHHH *


NV
1+ND9]J#HHW$X'L*O44 %%%% $%Q9
MV]T\+SQASQ9,D\$J5/'?AB.?6JQT/3?*:(6P5&2*/
RX6
DIC!X())R.:T
M** *5II%C92K+;PE742!29&; =@S=3W*@_\ ZS5VBB@ HHHH I_V79_8X[3R
M?W




M(;=+=
@DJH))RQ.222/RJ_10 4444 
F$K0L('1)2/E9T+ 'W (S^8K+A\/6

[IND





M%-'T]'L'6W ?3T


[
%7.=J@DA5]A





KB:)XAL!P6!8 



MS8TBMY)'*?WBJJ2!R.2!UJ[;W$-W;1W%O*LL
BAD=#D
#W% $M%%1QSPS/*L


V SK&H R69C@ @:
MBLV37]-BNVMGG8






;2D'HJ+C







MKF












M++AR@QO& 6'8]S%/IFI6_AFPM([6YN/[12\E2*2

MCW2JSQ6E[YDJJ
CV\VGW445M92&R:V#K.-N9@7R/FQ]X$.
#CDX]%HH Q].AD;Q%J]
74KJ&\K(\D<L1@\I8C'@1N!^\.W&
M HRN0*[B@#)\-6TUIH




M6
M/1?K%FL:TXJR?Y?Y&3HFA_P!BK./[5U._\TKS?W'F[
9^[P
9SS]!558K
MV]\2&6^TZY2WMF9;.17B



MC/;

M[/L_MVD\56OS)96

X(XYZ5:@TAX-.L[&WMKV!WU2.YVW A_=(A5W(

M9G&/O=

A'BD
FP!\8;.^/@'C9ST


[QQM RC?$N6




_Q'\SQ3CI2_:X)C(SE9&DD9R

M.I6PP1)A1(T;



R1+(J#+ OM/T7@Y)].*CDOREPZB(&&.5(7?=R&;&
M


E336,4TS2LSAF\K.
?NW+C]3S0
M @U.T


M)-4M_)+S2%EA



MDL??.?S-1G3+9I?.*_O_ #?-\W WY]

M&
TR._MI)EA5VWMT!1ASC.



5PA^1L!B

M17*%Y%^T.)&93@JP@%?3[H-  -4LV.!-QMW;BIXQNZXQG'./3FG6=XMX9]
MB

67:23S'9]N6.T+C@#C@4 6:*** /_V0$!
end







begin 644 safm-20191031_g5.jpg

MVP!# 0D)0P+#!@-#1@R(1PA,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R
M,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C(R,C+_P  1 &0 ED# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#W^BBB@ HH


M; I7S&RYQD'C=7JMK)






YMTF&6 R=P\S@D\TME

BXSCY: /2:*YF+Q;96?AK1



M! ZUQO@SQ%JNI:_IT$'B)?$%C-I_GZ@WDQ#[#-A=J[XE4$L2PVG)&TF@#TJB


CFKFK^
-

M (4#OSGZ D\@#?HKS_QAXH34OA==ZQHMU=6SBZ@B+#=#-$PNHT=&'4'J/0

M;F1TC! +
.
#)QZYH W**AE$D]FX@D
$KQG8[)DHQ'!*GKCTK@C)XN'CQ?#G




MLV 03$2-V001S
MSF@#KJ*PM7\4VVDWUIIZVE[J&H7
;2I;64:LXC7 +MN90JY(')Y/ S7
:[X^

MO;:ZMT25H;RV:%FC;(5U#=5)!'KQR*Y+XG^+-:\+ZUX;?3)]MDQGN-1@\I6
ML
7W-J

TOQ;

9*9ZXR
CJ



JOB)(Y 
N2
D@EN



MZ-+!
/-5_*F:2-@G')X5N0

MXYXKN** /-O$_@G4_$GC?^UH@;








]:

L8C*.GFQJRD $'G'(Q7IM% 'GOBO
M0Y9K#3TTOPYJJ:C:V0CL+VPOHXWM'Q@12
T@+(

MR;46337L;]K5D4QRN8V



M:W:)EC$;)(GFQJRD '/..1BK7BO0Y9K#3TTOPYJJ:C:V0CL+VPOHXWM'Q@12
M
T@+(


^:*XVF* I,%<D$[0ZJ















R17-PBA#(3


\2:=+K'A;5]
@95FO+*:W1FZ!G0J
^V36I10!YIINE^*[S
M7_!
0


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *]_*\&G74L9VND+
MLIQG! )%%A*\^G6LLAW.\*
QQC)(!-
U7_D$7O\ UPD_]!-&E?\ ((LO^N$?
M_H(JOL_
74MT445(PHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BL^XUJQMY/+\


M4Z2X'K+*%_2CZU2Z._HF_P! ^KU.JMZM+]35HK*WZ[)]V*QB_P!YF8_I1LUW


M73_ -!-&E?\@BR_ZX1_^@BC5?\ D$7O_73_P!!-&E?\@BR_PN$?\ Z*K
M['S_ $)^T6Z***DH**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **;)(D2%Y&HHR68X K*;4[F






7HIK\?
M\C:HKG/M9;[WBNS'LHC_ 
:



 5276M*:5(EU.S

M'3%F_
MLFSQ)&!Y8RA_NCWK1JT/Z[$I^\7Z*BVS_\ /2/_ +]G_P*HVS_ //2/_OV
M?_BJS*):*BVS_P#/2/\ []G_ .*HVS_\](_^_9_^*H EHJ+;/_STC_[]G_XJ
MC;/_ ,](_P#OV?\ XJ@6BHML_\ STC_ ._9_P#BJ-L__/2/_OV?_BJ ):*B
MVS_\](_^_9_^*HVS_P#/2/\ []G_ .*H EHJ+;/_ 
](_P#OV?\ XJC;/_ST

Y)





1U)=I(
M]4CZGV)X^E3VOP^TV27[5KL\^MWQ'


MW[/_ 





50!+146V?_ )Z1



D?\ W[/_ 
51MG_YZ1_]^S_\50!+146V?_GI'_W[
M/_Q5&V?_ )Z1_P#?L_\ Q5 $M%1;9_\ GI'_ -^S_P#%4H6;(S)&1WPA_P :
M )**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@IJO_((O?^N$G_H)HTK_ )!%E_UPC_\
M011JO_((O?\ KA)_Z:K17]OIGAJWO+MRD$5O&78*3C@#H/K5?8^?Z$MV=V:




_
MJ/\ ZV.KTK5K+6].BO\ 3YUFMY!PPZ@]P1V(]*NUQFJ^'[[0M1EU_P +([G




M



PS7-<Y

M=-J=OJ
VJWME+;OT=< ^A['\Z;J5J:<
MJ








@CZ@BNA\%^+?^$OTZ^N6TV;3YK*^DL9
MH)G#


ZKM4<G)[@\9Z8H UJ*** BBB@IJO





[?-D$B?BO /XTXVWQ%TP?N=0T;68QU%QUO(WTV_+GZT_J]-_#
M-?B@^O5^J_/^1/_ 

MM2TC'6X5/M%O_P!]I_A5IOB=X

=&#NCT
MFT8I;Q^F\CES_G)%-851UJ:?G]W_  Q
L=6DN6

M-K5XO @TZ/\ =I_O2?= ]QFHY?%GC*)I9? .Q%&2S:S#@?I75P6VGZ'IQ2V
MMX+2UB&=D2!5'X#O5*UFU=TN[\;;8?-#;=O9F]?I6=7$0@UG[?=O[W:UE

M (2;QL/^:?'_ 


^1_S/
M\/\ (XK_ (2;QM_T3X_^#B'_  H_X2;QM_T3X_\ @XA_PKJ;#4H=3CN&@69!
M#
\#&2









M!F3:


9]N1U]J]!_L/2/\ H%6/_@.G


U&G@GQA::Q!:KXMU.;26!'GK
%DAP


(F_M./=LSG;TZ9IZ:WX]%W*[
 [-?^!+_
@N?VH6DMK:_\ 4ZI


U;2]&\'Z#HGB3PEK
]SXH



=8N$BTZX=H9NV0-B5/'0]*].IKHLB
CJ&1@0RL
@CT-#K
MS?\ PR_R'[./]7/-?'Q.\%V'@K0;.Z\06L5Q;Z=;Q2QL&RCK&H(/'8@U-\(
M+N_LO%UY:RB6WN/$UY+%(O1T81D$?4$5UFHCP[I/V7[?;V$'VNX2U@WPJ-\





^=JUFI'51*&/

$KC+9]O2NAC\+:$@A(TBS5HG$BD1




7_ (3C
MPU_T%H?^^6_PH_X3CPU_T%H?^^6_PK:^QVO_ #[0_P#? H^QVO\ S[0_]\C
M4+5.Z^Y_YF+_ ,)QX:_ZT/_ 'RW^%'_  G'AK_H+0_]\M_A6U]CM?\ GVA_

M;_MK[':_P#/M#_WP*/L=K_S[0_]\C4+5.Z^Y_YF+_PG'AK_H+0_P#?+?X4




MYHY4W%=T;!AD'!&1Z&I*


@@]0173AI2HMJ4G*+

M_P#0



L
\SQ21;5PP$4C YQG.5'0UJ53N]
M;VY@N)Q
9(#NC*3N@4X(SA2!G
M!(^AJY0!4U7_ )!%[_UPD_\ 031I7_((LO\ KA'_ .@BLK6Y]95;R.&TA:Q\
MH@R$C=MV_


ME64Y!'J#4
L;SPO#-;P21N-K(SY!'H1MKEX]+UWPU
_]BQ17NF
=WV&6?#1'
M_88CI['_ .O2V


0]%45B+XB$



?-/.VYW).23^?2L;PKH%WI$
M

M[[^G;[R6BHMT_P#SSC_[^'_XFC=/_P \X_\ OX?_ (FK
26BJ5YJ



<?_?P_P#Q-&Z?
M_GG'_P!_#_\ $TS0EHJ+=/\ \\X_^_A_^)HW3_\ /./_ +^'_P)H EHJ+=/
M_P \X_\ OX?_ (FC=/\ \\X_^_A_^)H EHJ+=/\ \\X_^_A_^)HW3_\ /./_
M +^'_P)H EHJ+=/_P \X_\ OX?_ (FC=/\ \\X_^_A_^)H EHJ+=/\ \\X_
M^_A_^)HW3_\ /./_ +^'_P)H EHJ+=/_P \X_\ OX?_ (FC=/\ \\X_^_A_
M^)H EHJ+=/\ \\X_^_A_^)HW3_\ /./_ +^'_P)H EHJ+=/_P \X_\ OX?_
M (FC=/\ \\X_^_A_^)H EHJ+=/\ \\X_^_A_^)HW3_\ /./_ +^'_P)H IR

)YC'D@=ADU=CD+01R2IY3



MG+T?P/:Z7J'V^YDGU.ZCXMY;^X

W
M=FM3V

;\XOL^WI+\'9]RJ




..<'(/:M'0WBGM[BY2]BNY)IBTLD2[4
M#!5&T#)Z #O4^H6D]PT$UK

R2S3R^:
M_EIL13MX )/]WUZYH NT444 %%%% %35?\ D$7O_73_P!!-8T%O8ZG#:Z;

MCZD*
C\:BOS*ES1Z.]NZMJO\O







M.GD7TR/E7^8J(.51\TMNB_5_Y=/
Z*F!Y(VD[^;:^Y)/\_P1LVB:1HTD&E6O



EK*5+ '!

  =A7-.7-)RLEZ;'+)W=[#J***D04444 8&M


M



MVZT^)?C_ 

J2






M-O$
(B#@?_7]Z[TE@U=_Q.B_E\W_ 'NRZ;O6R70E['5_%^7_  ?R]2P  
#@
M4445P'.%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 9.MZ!


M+![+S?WG


9/K0

?^JUB3'I)$K5JT5@\-2O=*WI=?D;+$5+6;OZV?YF0=*N[




MG9;C2;=D


#\*Q;&VN/&6H1:OK



MG_?IO\*/M?W9/\ OTW^% $M%1?:$_NR?]^F_P */M?W9/^_3?X4 2T5%]H
M3^[)_P!^F_PH^T)_=D_[]-_A0!+147VA/[LG_?IO\*/M?W9/^_3?X4 2T5%
M]H3^[)_WZ;_C[0G]V3_ +]-_A0!+147VA/[LG_?IO\ C[0G]V3_OTW^% $
MM%1?:$_NR?\ ?IO\*/M?W9/^_3?X4 2T5%]H3^[)_WZ;_C[0G]V3_OTW^%
M $M%1?:$_NR?]^F_PH^T)_=D_P_3?X4 2T5%]H3^[)_WZ;_  H^T)_=D_[]
M-_A0!+147VA/[LG_ 'Z;_C[0G]V3_OTW^% $M%1?:$_NR?]^F_PH^T)_=D_
M[]-_A0!+147VA/[LG_?IO\*/M?W9/\ OTW^% $M%1?:$_NR?]^F_P */M?
MW9/^_3?X4 2T5%]H3^[)_P!^F_PH^T)_=D_[]-_A0!+7,^(M-N;2\3Q%I;K

M



MK2


J!X


MPDV@_P#09T__ 
4_P :+ASQ[K[S4HKB/%7C9HWTW1_US87FM:K
88&:0/'

M@^OX@&FGJCTZBBB@84444 %%%% !1110 4444 5-5_Y!%[_UPD_]!-5[:PL]



M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!7NK&SOT5+RT@N%4Y431AP#
M[9JK_P ([HG_ $!]/_\  9/\*TJ*7&+W1F_\([HG_0'T_\ \!D_PH_X1W1/
M^@/I_P#X#)_A6E10')'L9O\ PCNB?] ?3_\ P&3_  H_X1W1/^@/I_\ X#)_
MA6E10')'L9O_  CNB?\ 0'T__P !D_PH_P$=T3_ * ^G_\ @

MQQ7BOP4UP=.U;PQ#86.MZ5


MT:5_R++_KA'_P@BJ^Q\_T)^T6Z***DH**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B





M(?\ OL4?;+;_ )^(?^^Q4V8[HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ
M'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+
MHFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV
M*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q
M#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6
MW_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8
MH^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$
M/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;
M?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ
M'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+
MHFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV
M*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q
M#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6
MW_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8
MH^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$
M/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;
M?\_$/_?8H^V6W_/Q#_WV*+
+HFHJ'[9;?\_$/_?8I1=6[

MDM%%%( HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH KRV%G/(9);21SU9XP2?QQ3K/_CR@_ZY


M5HP3)QCYCTYYH UF_X_8O\ KF_\UJ:L--::?4Y+2.RF:.,O;K:WRLJY.3M
MV@$C'#9SCBH_#FJ7

M
_\ K;;_ *Z'_P! :L?Q/J5YIJZ?):OM4W!


UST?B(MXN^R?:X#:
[6B
MPAEWB50&WGO@_

;K+DEXR^25VC (1CG/7\Z -

M2T4B
*
^:?

M0+E6*QR,I*A5/  '7 Z9-;ZUNU$V'V?%R+@Q%=_2/9O\SITP0



=^O% &W1573;S^T-+M+W


M - :JFK7

]HB:=*[2Q0-.R*Y
HH ****




V;0-





MB@&ZM(+V'RITW+D,,$@J1T((Y!]Q4 TFQ%K-;&$M',=TA=V9G/&6)SD8&#


MOL


MIUM;W4EQ$KH\A+


Q





UO=A#;[(G9I-R[

=\YZ8[YZ4 3T5FR:]I\4=NYDF8




W0F?8LOD%/(?S/
_

MVFZ9






MEDD:*
1Q
[2
N=VU5!+ 8/(&.



MFWFB%X9)-UN0T

M+*

M*R NH]2O4=1^=48&5!HX'B^\U*6TC

6\4*N8VDDDJ&!P1D\9SD5-#/%<PI-!*DL3






M:A%=&2(0YN(=B!H_GSSN5FPPVGUY-=Q10!RUEILD%QX?M88KN-+)IYY/M.PL
MJ








M4U+_ 

M*?J


8QD*B2-W
;($5D)POS%LOM^Z./3.M=%UZ2QM+46;6
M



2ZFLB!&\:-;M
%R%8_=8X)')P3W:FA:C_9
M]G]NT@7BJU^9+(2QD))+.7CDRQ .%W#/4;^G6N[HH X27PQJ0-X?)26^N-)M

_P!&6;S
MXQ][IC!_.M.B@35U9G


M\@-L^;;LW8_A^[VQ3)+/6HKB_NO+NQJ]QH]J!)&7
9E7S!
!@A P!&T'')R.


M
C@&EH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** JLMS+]J-O;PI(ZH

MC#%SL8K\HRP!Q@D8/ YX-*NI6CEP)2&3&Y61@1DX'!'N/S'J*K76CB6TGCCF



QO)A($@P2


JO]^)6P
MC\Y.1C.
Y.



;#[Q*KGC
MC)!'/]:B&D0^0\+2S-&8&MT!(_=HV


S^6%^5FY.#_


!D9QDXP

MH1H GCE24
4;(5BI..XZU7-^!J8L_+.TK_K
\;^NW'KMYI]I;&UMH8O
9MB8





M^[C)X _.GKJEJSN S;$@6X


M')XQFF1W]M)
L*NV]N@*


#KQ
MQ@4#3H!J)O0

M]NM_M#0;SYBN$/R-@
1D#.

\FS =/+90J]-NW@D9'''!JQ;6GV8N

end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















































































440
300


236
000


342
200















158
323)


974
739)


700
684)





Selling
 General and Administrative Expense









141)


965)


303)


























400








500


400

















900


900


700











































Finance lease
 right-of-use asset















000



Finance lease
 liability















000











































600








800


600













































Property plant and equipment
 estimated useful life
























































Property plant and equipment
 estimated useful life
























































Property plant and equipment
 estimated useful life
























































Property plant and equipment
 estimated useful life
























































Highly liquid investments included as cash equivalents
 maximum maturities


































































500


800


500





















































100


400


600











































































































































































































































900)


900)


700)


500)











Selling
 General and Administrative Expense









900


000























































900











400


100


600


900




000


700





















































500)


200)


200)









Amortization period of costs associated with breeders
 including breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower pay
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format. For example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Entity Wide Revenue
 Major Customer
 Number






















































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))


















































































































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























Amount
 including tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value-added and excise.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























Carrying amount (including both current and noncurrent portions) of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which no insurance coverage exists
 and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted
 typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019







October 31
October 31
October 31
53
61
279
(4
52
60
275
21
22
22
21
22
22
393&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019







Fresh
1
1
1
Fresh
1
1
1
Fresh
3
3
3
342.2&#160;







Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019







October 31
Revolving credit facility with banks (weighted average rate of 3.3% at October 31
55
55
The Company is a party to a revolving credit facility dated March&#160;21
 2019
 with a maximum available borrowing capacity of $1.0 billion. Under the credit facility
 the Company may not exceed a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of 50%. The Company has a one-time right
 at any time during the term of the agreement
 to increase the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio then in effect by five percentage points in connection with the construction of a new poultry complex for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at October&#160;31
 2019
 was $998.6 million. The credit is unsecured and
 unless extended
March&#160;21
 2024. As of October 31
 2019
 the Company had borrowed $55.0 million
 and had approximately $21.6 million outstanding in letters of credit
 leaving $923.4 million of borrowing capacity available under the facility. As of December 18
 2019
 the Company had borrowed $85.0 million
 and had approximately $23.1 million outstanding in letters of credit
 leaving $891.9 million of borrowing capacity available under the facility. 



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019







On February&#160;17
 2005
 the shareholders of the Company approved the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;). The Plan allows the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors to grant certain incentive awards including stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 and other similar awards. The Company was authorized to award up to 2
250
000 shares under the Plan. On February&#160;17
 2011
 the shareholders approved changes to the plan to increase the shares that may be issued under the plan from 2
250
000 to 3
500
000 shares and to increase the number of shares that may be granted in the form of restricted stock from 562
500 to 1
562
500 shares. On February 11
 2016
 the shareholders approved the authorization of an additional 700
000 shares issuable under the plan
 for a total of 4
200
000 authorized shares. The shareholders also approved an increase in the number of shares issuable as restricted stock from 1
562
500 to 2
112
Pursuant to the Plan
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approves agreements for the issuance of restricted stock to directors
 executive officers and other key employees. Restricted stock granted in fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017
 years from the date of grant. The vesting schedule is accelerated upon death
 disability
 the participant&#8217;s termination of employment after reaching retirement eligibility by reason of retirement
 or upon a change in control
 as defined in the Plan. Restricted stock grants are valued based upon the closing market price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of grant and are recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. Compensation expense related to restricted stock grants totaled $8.4 million
 $7.5 million and $7.4 million during fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017
Outstanding at October&#160;31
293
83
(69
(6
Outstanding at October&#160;31
301
65
(84
(2
Outstanding at October&#160;31
279
88
(77
(6
Outstanding at October&#160;31
284
The Company had $12.5 million in unrecognized share-based compensation costs related to the 284
270 unvested shares as of October&#160;31
 2019
 that will be recognized over a weighted average period of 1 year
Also pursuant to the Plan
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approves Management Share Purchase Plan agreements (the &#8220;Purchase Plan&#8221;) that authorize the issuance of shares of restricted stock to the Company&#8217;s directors
 executive officers and other key employees. Pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 years or immediately upon death
 disability
 or change in control
 as defined. If an employee terminates employment after attaining eligibility for retirement
 or a non-employee director retires upon the expiration of his or her board term
-year vesting period
 the participant forfeits the matching contribution and the Company may
 at its option
 repurchase restricted stock purchased by the participant at the price paid by the participant. Matching contributions are recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. During fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017
 the participants purchased a total of 7
350; 10
697; and 9
605 shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 valued at an average price of $128.20
 $123.45
 and $112.84
 per share
 respectively
 and the Company issued 1
741; 2
565; and 2
290 matching shares
 valued at an average price of $128.20
 $123.45
 and $112.84 per share
 respectively. During fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017
 the participants vested in a total of 17
142; 17
040; and 17
034 shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 valued at an average price of $89.08
 $80.38
 and $80.62
 per share
 respectively. During fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017
 the participants forfeited a total of 321; 259; and 1
461 shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 respectively. Compensation expense related to the Company&#8217;s matching contribution totaled approximately $351
000
 $289
000 and $392
000 in fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017
During fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017
 the Company entered into performance share agreements that grant certain officers and key employees the right to receive shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 subject to the Company&#8217;s achievement of certain performance measures. The performance share agreements specify a target number of shares that a participant can receive based upon the Company&#8217;s average return on equity and average return on sales
 as defined
-year performance period
 year period during which the participant must remain employed by the Company before they are paid out. If the Company&#8217;s average return on equity and average return on sales exceed certain threshold amounts for the performance period
 participants will receive 50 percent to 200 percent of the target number of shares
 depending upon the Company&#8217;s level of performance. Accruals for performance shares begin during the period management determines that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria is probable at some level. In estimating the probability of the number of shares that will be awarded
 the Company considers
 among other factors
 current and projected grain costs and chicken volumes and pricing
 as well as the amount of the Company's commitments to procure grain at a fixed price throughout the performance period. Due to the high level of volatility of these commodity prices and the impact that the change in pricing can have on the Company&#8217;s results
 the Company&#8217;s assessment of probability can change from period to period and can result in a significant revision to the amounts accrued related to the arrangements
The target number of shares specified in the performance share agreements entered into on November 1
 2018 totaled 74
650.  As of October 31
 2019
 the Company could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria is probable due to actual operating results for the first year of the two-year performance period falling below threshold levels
 and the uncertainties discussed above
The Company also has performance share agreements in place with certain officers and key employees that were entered into on November 1
 2017. During fiscal 2019
 the Company determined based on combined results of fiscal 2018 and 2019
 that achievement of the return on equity criterion for the November 1
 2017 agreements is not probable; however
 the Company has determined that achievement of the return on sales criterion is probable at a level between the threshold and target levels. Accordingly
 because the accrual is made using the cumulative catch-up method
 fiscal 2019 includes compensation expense of $1.3 million
 as compared to no compensation expense recorded during fiscal 2018 related to the agreements entered into on November 1
 2017. As of October 31
 2019
 the aggregate number of shares estimated to be awarded related to the performance share agreements entered into on November 1
 2017 totaled 13
127 shares. Since the performance period for those agreements has ended
 the actual number of shares that will be awarded can change only due to potential forfeitures during the remaining twelve months of the service period ending October 31
The Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors determined that the performance shares granted November 1
 2016
 were earned at a level between the threshold and target levels for the return on equity criterion and between the target and maximum levels for the return on sales criterion. Accordingly
 fiscal 2019 includes compensation expense of $2.5 million
 related to those agreements
 as compared to $5.2 million during fiscal 2018. Because management's initial determination of probability was made during fiscal 2018
 and because the accrual is made using the cumulative catch up method
 the compensation expense recorded during fiscal 2018 related to the agreements entered into on November 1
 2016
 was greater than that recorded during fiscal 2019. A total of 84
511 shares from the agreements entered into on November 1
 2016 vested and were issued on October 31
Had the Company determined that it was probable that the maximum amount of those outstanding awards from the agreements entered into on November 1
 2018 would be earned
 an additional $4.9 million would have been accrued as of October&#160;31
October 31
October 31
October 31
November 1
102
2
November 1
145
3
6
November 1
84
2
5
November 1
13
1
November 1
3
8
9
Note (1) - As of October 31
 2019
 the Company could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance-based criteria is probable for the agreements entered into on November 1
 2018 due to the uncertainties discussed above
 and therefore recorded no compensation expense related to those agreements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands








Oct. 31
 2019
Feb. 11
 2016
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018
Oct. 31
 2017
Oct. 31
 2016
Feb. 17
 2011
Feb. 17
 2005





















Stock compensation plan
 maximum shares that may be issued (in shares)



200
000










500
000


250
000



Stock compensation plan
 additional shares that may be issued (in shares)



000





















500


200











Share purchase plan
 company's matched contributions




















900




900



















































Share purchase plan
 compensation expense related to the matching contribution
























































Share purchase plan
 percentage compensation received in the form of restricted stock
























































Share purchase plan
 percentage compensation received in the form of restricted stock
























































Share purchase plan
 percentage compensation received in the form of restricted stock
























































Stock compensation plan
 maximum shares that may be issued (in shares)



112
500










562
500


500





500




500















270




270


431


229


810
































031


696


294









Restricted stock awards vested
 weighted average fair value (in usd per share)
























464


352


874











400




400


500


400















































Stock compensation plan
 vesting period


















Share purchase plan
 shares of restricted stock issued





350


697


605









Share purchase plan
 value per share of restricted issued (in usd per share)
























142


040


034









Restricted stock awards vested
 weighted average fair value (in usd per share)




























461















































Share purchase plan
 shares of restricted stock issued





741


565


290















































Stock compensation plan
 vesting period
























































Stock compensation plan
 vesting period






























































774


579


539









Performance share agreements
 performance period


















Performance share agreements
 additional holding period


















Performance share agreements
 percentage of grants made
 minimum


















Performance share agreements
 percentage of grants made
 maximum


















Stock compensation plan
 target shares for grant (in shares)







650























































270













Compensation not yet recognized

























127

























































504


238



















511

























































341


752















197





























































787















193















511



















511





















Allocated Share-based Compensation Expense
 Potential Accrual




























Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual
 Contributions by Plan Participants
 Percentage of Salary
 Maximum




























Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual
 Employer Contribution
 Percentage




























Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award
 Award Holding Period




























Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award
 Maximum Target Goal Percentage




























Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award
 Minimum Target Goal Percentage




























Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award
 Performance Period




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Target Number of Shares













































































































































































Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.













































































































































































Number
 before forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).

























































































































































































































































































































































































































































{
 instance: {
  safm-20191031.htm: {
   axisCustom: 2
   axisStandard: 26
   contextCount: 205
   dts: {
    calculationLink: {
     local: [
      safm-20191031_cal.xml
     ]
    }
    definitionLink: {
     local: [
      safm-20191031_def.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-eedm-def-2019-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-eedm1-def-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    inline: {
     local: [
      safm-20191031.htm
     ]
    }
    labelLink: {
     local: [
      safm-20191031_lab.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-doc-2019-01-31.xml
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-doc-2019-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-doc-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    presentationLink: {
     local: [
      safm-20191031_pre.xml
     ]
    }
    referenceLink: {
     remote: [
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-ref-2019-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-ref-2019-01-31.xml
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-ref-2019-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    schema: {
     local: [
      safm-20191031.xsd
     ]
     remote: [
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/nonNumeric-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref-2006-02-27.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-types-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-gaap-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-roles-2019-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2019/elts/srt-roles-2019-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2017/country-2017-01-31.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-types-2019-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019/dei-2019-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2018/stpr-2018-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/negated-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/net-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/deprecated-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/reference-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2019/elts/us-parts-codification-2019-01-31.xsd
     ]
    }
   }
   elementCount: 493
   entityCount: 1
   hidden: {
    http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31: 31
    http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031: 9
    http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31: 8
    total: 48
   }
   keyCustom: 28
   keyStandard: 335
   memberCustom: 34
   memberStandard: 30
   nsprefix: safm
   nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
   report: {
    R1: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:TradingSymbol
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: document
     isDefault: true
     longName: 0001001 - Document - Document and Entity Information
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     shortName: Document and Entity Information
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:TradingSymbol
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R10: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2101102 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPolicies
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R11: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2106103 - Disclosure - Disaggregation of Revenue
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DisaggregationofRevenue
     shortName: Disaggregation of Revenue
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R12: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2109104 - Disclosure - Inventories
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/Inventories
     shortName: Inventories
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R13: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: safm:DisclosureOfDeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2113105 - Disclosure - Prepaid expenses
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/Prepaidexpenses
     shortName: Prepaid expenses
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: safm:DisclosureOfDeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R14: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2116106 - Disclosure - Accrued expenses
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/Accruedexpenses
     shortName: Accrued expenses
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R15: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2119107 - Disclosure - Long-Term debt obligations
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligations
     shortName: Long-Term debt obligations
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R16: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2125108 - Disclosure - Income Taxes
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     shortName: Income Taxes
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R17: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2131109 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Share
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShare
     shortName: Earnings Per Share
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R18: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2134110 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plans
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlans
     shortName: Employee Benefit Plans
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R19: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2136111 - Disclosure - Stock Compensation Plans
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlans
     shortName: Stock Compensation Plans
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R2: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: document
     isDefault: false
     longName: 0102101 - Document - Cover
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/Cover
     shortName: Cover
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R20: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2141112 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingencies
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R21: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:TreasuryStockTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2148114 - Disclosure - Common Stock Repurchases
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchases
     shortName: Common Stock Repurchases
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:TreasuryStockTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R22: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2150115 - Disclosure - Insurance Receivable
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivable
     shortName: Insurance Receivable
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R23: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2152116 - Disclosure - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Schedule II
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleII
     shortName: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Schedule II
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R24: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2202201 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies (Policies)
     subGroupType: policies
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R25: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnNonrecurringBasisTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2303301 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnNonrecurringBasisTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R26: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2307302 - Disclosure - Revenue from Contract with Customer (Tables)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerTables
     shortName: Revenue from Contract with Customer (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R27: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2310303 - Disclosure - Inventories (Tables)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesTables
     shortName: Inventories (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R28: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2314304 - Disclosure - Prepaid expenses (Tables)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesTables
     shortName: Prepaid expenses (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R29: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2317305 - Disclosure - Accrued expenses (Tables)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesTables
     shortName: Accrued expenses (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R3: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1001002 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AccountsReceivableNetCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R30: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2320306 - Disclosure - Long-Term debt obligations (Tables)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsTables
     shortName: Long-Term debt obligations (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R31: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2326307 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     shortName: Income Taxes (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R32: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2332308 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Share (Tables)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareTables
     shortName: Earnings Per Share (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R33: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2337309 - Disclosure - Stock Compensation Plans (Tables)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansTables
     shortName: Stock Compensation Plans (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R34: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2342310 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies (Tables)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesTables
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R35: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2345311 - Disclosure - Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) (Tables)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedTables
     shortName: Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R36: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2404401 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:InventoryPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      lang: en-US
      name: safm:BreederCostsAmortizationPeriod
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R37: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DebtInstrumentFairValue
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2405402 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies - Fair Value (Details)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesFairValueDetails
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies - Fair Value (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R38: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2408403 - Disclosure - Revenue from Contract with Customer (Details)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     shortName: Revenue from Contract with Customer (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c7b9643d1bc421697ffb8740e339eba_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -5
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R39: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InventoryNet
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2411404 - Disclosure - Inventories (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetail
     shortName: Inventories (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: if71adf8d51b743b486bf535391f8672c_I20191031
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InventoryNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R4: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1002003 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R40: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: if71adf8d51b743b486bf535391f8672c_I20191031
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InventoryAdjustments
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2412405 - Disclosure - Inventories - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Inventories - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i96cd8c311b3f4636af088b6526194480_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -5
      lang: null
      name: safm:InventoryChicken
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: lb
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R41: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Supplies
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2415406 - Disclosure - Prepaid expenses (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetail
     shortName: Prepaid expenses (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:Supplies
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R42: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:WorkersCompensationLiabilityCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2418407 - Disclosure - Accrued expenses (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail
     shortName: Accrued expenses (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:WorkersCompensationLiabilityCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R43: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebt
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2421408 - Disclosure - Long-Term debt obligations- Obligations (Details)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     shortName: Long-Term debt obligations- Obligations (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i105e26300e0e4eb0bb59649bba0e9f1a_I20191031
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebt
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R44: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i9060a6ceb6f6432483c2f7b08051ed8e_I20190321
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2422409 - Disclosure - Long-Term debt obligations - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Long-Term debt obligations - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i9060a6ceb6f6432483c2f7b08051ed8e_I20190321
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R45: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i073019af957845b681eb41a44fa452e5_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2423410 - Disclosure - Long-Term debt obligations - Leverage Ratio on which Spread on Libor Borrowings and Commitment Fee for Unused Balance of Revolving Credit Agreement are Determined (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetail
     shortName: Long-Term debt obligations - Leverage Ratio on which Spread on Libor Borrowings and Commitment Fee for Unused Balance of Revolving Credit Agreement are Determined (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i073019af957845b681eb41a44fa452e5_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R46: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2424411 - Disclosure - Long-Term debt obligations (Details)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsDetails
     shortName: Long-Term debt obligations (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R47: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: ib23a4d47d9e5441fa8d296d060d2f5d7_D20171101-20181031
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2427412 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Income Taxes - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: ib23a4d47d9e5441fa8d296d060d2f5d7_D20171101-20181031
      decimals: 3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R48: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2428413 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Income Tax Expense (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail
     shortName: Income Taxes - Income Tax Expense (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R49: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2429414 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail
     shortName: Income Taxes - Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R5: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: safm:RevenueNet
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1003004 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InventoryWriteDown
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R50: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2430415 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Differences Between Consolidated Effective Income Tax Rate and Federal Statutory Rate (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     shortName: Income Taxes - Differences Between Consolidated Effective Income Tax Rate and Federal Statutory Rate (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R51: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: ib3840613bb424cc48ba7a8b3233b8825_D20190801-20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2433416 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Share (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetail
     shortName: Earnings Per Share (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: safm:ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedandUndistributedEarningsLossBasicandDiluted
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R52: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:EmployeeStockOwnershipPlanESOPCashContributionsToESOP
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2435417 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plans - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Employee Benefit Plans - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:EmployeeStockOwnershipPlanESOPCashContributionsToESOP
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R53: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: ie44e5e4d75b34e5a94cb74820efe34e8_I20160211
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2438418 - Disclosure - Stock Compensation Plans - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Stock Compensation Plans - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: ie44e5e4d75b34e5a94cb74820efe34e8_I20160211
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R54: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: ic3b6873f5dfd45cfb4b2cfb33008c4ef_I20181031
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2439419 - Disclosure - Stock Compensation Plans - Restricted Stock Activity (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     shortName: Stock Compensation Plans - Restricted Stock Activity (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i7a61874ddb8f472f810a2ad85790e1f6_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: INF
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R55: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2440420 - Disclosure - Stock Compensation Plans - Schedule of Compensation Cost Related to Performance Share Agreements (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetail
     shortName: Stock Compensation Plans - Schedule of Compensation Cost Related to Performance Share Agreements (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i928740cb6464418ba520b2321d3de7e9_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: INF
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R56: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: dei:EntityNumberOfEmployees
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: employee
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2443421 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: dei:EntityNumberOfEmployees
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: employee
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R57: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2444422 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Minimum Lease Payments of Obligations Under Non-Cancelable Operating Leases (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesMinimumLeasePaymentsofObligationsUnderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetail
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Minimum Lease Payments of Obligations Under Non-Cancelable Operating Leases (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R58: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: ib3840613bb424cc48ba7a8b3233b8825_D20190801-20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: safm:RevenueNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2446423 - Disclosure - Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedDetail
     shortName: Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: ib3840613bb424cc48ba7a8b3233b8825_D20190801-20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: safm:RevenueNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R59: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2447424 - Disclosure - Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) - Additional Information (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedAdditionalInformationDetail
     shortName: Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) - Additional Information (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R6: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: id52aa4d7b4ed4ed3883185c018d12777_I20161031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquity
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1004005 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: id52aa4d7b4ed4ed3883185c018d12777_I20161031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquity
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R60: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2449425 - Disclosure - Common Stock Repurchases (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetail
     shortName: Common Stock Repurchases (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: 2
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:TreasuryStockAcquiredAverageCostPerShare
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R61: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:InsuranceSettlementsReceivableCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2451426 - Disclosure - Insurance Receivable (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivableDetail
     shortName: Insurance Receivable (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: INF
      lang: null
      name: safm:InsurancePolicySelfInsuranceAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R62: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i8cc47e4f1b1d45dfbc722edec13a354a_I20181031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2453427 - Disclosure - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Schedule II (Detail)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetail
     shortName: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Schedule II (Detail)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i9eddf7a29e68453998bf5456df61a1e0_I20161031
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R63: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i6c638f3cb11d4d9f93efe9aa6b9acc5c_I20191031
      decimals: -5
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DebtInstrumentFairValue
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 2456428 - Disclosure - Accounting Policies (Details)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccountingPoliciesDetails
     shortName: Accounting Policies (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R7: {
     firstAnchor: null
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1005006 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Parenthetical)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITYParenthetical
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R8: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1006007 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: -3
      lang: null
      name: us-gaap:DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R9: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 1107113 - Statement - Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunaudited
     shortName: Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: safm-20191031.htm
      contextRef: i66adde2c6c0a4d388b67216882626e11_D20181101-20191031
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
   }
   segmentCount: 65
   tag: {
    dei_AmendmentFlag: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.
        label: Amendment Flag
        terseLabel: Amendment Flag
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmendmentFlag
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_CityAreaCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area code of city
        label: City Area Code
        terseLabel: City Area Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CityAreaCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_CoverAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cover page.
        label: Cover page.
        terseLabel: Cover page.
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CoverAbstract
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.
        label: Current Fiscal Year End Date
        terseLabel: Current Fiscal Year End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFiscalYearEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: gMonthDayItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentAnnualReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r328
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.
        label: Document Annual Report
        terseLabel: Document Annual Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentAnnualReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fiscal period values are FY, Q1, Q2, and Q3.  1st, 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1, Q2, and Q3 respectively, with 10-K, 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Period Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Year Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data, it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report, use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
        label: Document Period End Date
        terseLabel: Document Period End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentTransitionReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r327
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.
        label: Document Transition Report
        terseLabel: Document Transition Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentTransitionReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.
        label: Document Type
        terseLabel: Document Type
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentType
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r325
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Documents incorporated by reference.
        label: Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Documents Incorporated by Reference
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/Cover
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name
        label: Entity Address, Address Line One
        terseLabel: Entity Address, Address Line One
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine1
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the City or Town
        label: Entity Address, City or Town
        terseLabel: Entity Address, City or Town
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressCityOrTown
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Code for the postal or zip code
        label: Entity Address, Postal Zip Code
        terseLabel: Entity Address, Postal Zip Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressPostalZipCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the state or province.
        label: Entity Address, State or Province
        terseLabel: Entity Address, State or Province
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressStateOrProvince
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: stateOrProvinceItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.
        label: Entity Central Index Key
        terseLabel: Entity Central Index Key
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument.
        label: Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
        terseLabel: Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Current Reporting Status
        terseLabel: Entity Current Reporting Status
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.
        label: Entity Emerging Growth Company
        terseLabel: Entity Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFileNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.
        label: Entity File Number
        terseLabel: Entity File Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFileNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: fileNumberItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer, Accelerated Filer, Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Filer Category
        terseLabel: Entity Filer Category
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFilerCategory
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.
        label: Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code
        terseLabel: Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: edgarStateCountryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
        label: Entity Interactive Data Current
        terseLabel: Entity Interactive Data Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityInteractiveDataCurrent
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of persons employed by the Entity
        label: Entity Number of Employees
        terseLabel: Number of employees
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityNumberOfEmployees
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: decimalItemType
    }
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.
        label: Entity Public Float
        terseLabel: Entity Public Float
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityPublicFloat
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
        label: Entity Registrant Name
        terseLabel: Entity Registrant Name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityRegistrantName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
        label: Entity Shell Company
        terseLabel: Entity Shell Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityShellCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).
        label: Entity Small Business
        terseLabel: Entity Small Business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.
        label: Entity Tax Identification Number
        terseLabel: Entity Tax Identification Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityTaxIdentificationNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: employerIdItemType
    }
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
        label: Entity Voluntary Filers
        terseLabel: Entity Voluntary Filers
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A.
        label: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
        terseLabel: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_LocalPhoneNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Local phone number for entity.
        label: Local Phone Number
        terseLabel: Local Phone Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LocalPhoneNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_Security12bTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(b) registered security.
        label: Title of 12(b) Security
        terseLabel: Title of 12(b) Security
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Security12bTitle
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    }
    dei_SecurityExchangeName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r326
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.
        label: Security Exchange Name
        terseLabel: Security Exchange Name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SecurityExchangeName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: edgarExchangeCodeItemType
    }
    dei_TradingSymbol: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.
        label: Trading Symbol
        terseLabel: Trading Symbol
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TradingSymbol
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ]
     xbrltype: tradingSymbolItemType
    }
    safm_A2014PerformanceShareAgreementMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: 2014 Performance Share Agreement [Member]
        label: 2014 Performance Share Agreement [Member]
        terseLabel: 2014 Performance Share Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: A2014PerformanceShareAgreementMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_AllocatedSharebasedCompensationExpensePotentialAccrual: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Allocated Share-based Compensation Expense, Potential Accrual
        label: Allocated Share-based Compensation Expense, Potential Accrual
        terseLabel: Potential accrued compensation cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllocatedSharebasedCompensationExpensePotentialAccrual
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    safm_BaseSalaryCompensationMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Base Salary Compensation [Member]
        label: Base Salary Compensation [Member]
        terseLabel: Base Salary Compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BaseSalaryCompensationMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_BetweenThreePercentAndFivePercentOfEmployeeSalaryMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Between 3 Percent and 5 Percent of Employee Salary
        label: Between Three Percent And Five Percent Of Employee Salary [Member]
        terseLabel: Between 3% and 5% of Employee Salary
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BetweenThreePercentAndFivePercentOfEmployeeSalaryMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_BreederCostsAmortizationPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amortization period of costs associated with breeders, including breeder chicks, feed, medicine and grower pay, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format. For example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Breeder Costs, Amortization Period
        terseLabel: Amortization period for costs associated with breeders
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BreederCostsAmortizationPeriod
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    safm_ChillPackChickenMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Chill-Pack Chicken
        label: Chill-Pack Chicken [Member]
        verboseLabel: Fresh, chill-packed chicken
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ChillPackChickenMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Line Items]
        label: Commitments And Contingencies Disclosure [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    safm_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Table]
        label: Commitments And Contingencies Disclosure [Table]
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTable
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    safm_CustomerAMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer A [Member]
        label: Customer A [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer A
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerAMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_CustomerBMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer B [Member]
        label: Customer B [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer B
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerBMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualContributionsByPlanParticipantsPercentageOfSalaryMaximum: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual, Contributions by Plan Participants, Percentage of Salary, Maximum
        label: Deferred Compensation Arrangement With Individual Contributions By Plan Participants Percentage Of Salary Maximum
        terseLabel: Share purchase plan, percentage compensation received in the form of restricted stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualContributionsByPlanParticipantsPercentageOfSalaryMaximum
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    safm_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualEmployerContributionPercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual, Employer Contribution, Percentage
        label: Deferred Compensation Arrangement With Individual Employer Contribution Percentage
        terseLabel: Share purchase plan, company's matched contributions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualEmployerContributionPercentage
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    safm_DeferredTaxAssetsAccruedExpensesAndAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Assets, Accrued Expenses and Accounts Receivable
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Accrued Expenses And Accounts Receivable
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and accounts receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsAccruedExpensesAndAccountsReceivable
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    safm_DisclosureOfDeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of Deferred Costs, Capitalized, Prepaid, and Other Assets
        label: Disclosure Of Deferred Costs Capitalized Prepaid And Other Assets [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfDeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/Prepaidexpenses
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    safm_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeinDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceIncludingChangeInTaxLegislationAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance, Including Change In Tax Legislation, Amount
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance, Including Change In Tax Legislation, Amount
        terseLabel: Change in valuation allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeinDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceIncludingChangeInTaxLegislationAmount
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    safm_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationExpirationOfTaxCredit: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Expiration Of Tax Credit
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Expiration Of Tax Credit
        terseLabel: Expiration of state income tax credits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationExpirationOfTaxCredit
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    safm_EmployeesCoveredByCollectiveBargainingAgreements: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Employees Covered by Collective Bargaining Agreements
        label: Employees Covered By Collective Bargaining Agreements
        terseLabel: Employees covered by collective bargaining agreements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeesCoveredByCollectiveBargainingAgreements
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    safm_EmployerMatchedContributionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Employer Matched Contribution [Member]
        label: Employer Matched Contribution [Member]
        terseLabel: Employer Matched Contribution
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployerMatchedContributionMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Entity Wide Revenue, Major Customer, Number
        label: Entity Wide Revenue Major Customer Number
        terseLabel: Number of customer accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerNumber
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    safm_FreshIcePackedChickenMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fresh Ice-Packed Chicken
        label: Fresh Ice-Packed Chicken [Member]
        verboseLabel: Fresh, ice-packed chicken
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FreshIcePackedChickenMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_FreshVacuumSealedChickenMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fresh Vacuum-Sealed Chicken
        label: Fresh Vacuum-Sealed Chicken [Member]
        verboseLabel: Fresh, vacuum-sealed chicken
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FreshVacuumSealedChickenMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_FrozenchickenMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Frozen chicken
        label: Frozen chicken [Member]
        verboseLabel: Frozen chicken
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FrozenchickenMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_HurricaneFloranceMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hurricane, Florance [Member]
        label: Hurricane, Florance [Member]
        terseLabel: Hurricane, Florance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HurricaneFloranceMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivableDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_HurricaneMichaelMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hurricane, Michael [Member]
        label: Hurricane, Michael [Member]
        terseLabel: Hurricane, Michael
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HurricaneMichaelMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivableDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_IncomeTaxesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Taxes [Line Items]
        label: Income Taxes [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Income Taxes [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxesLineItems
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    safm_IncomeTaxesTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Taxes [Table]
        label: Income Taxes [Table]
        terseLabel: Income Taxes [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxesTable
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    safm_IncreaseDecreaseInChickenInventories: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Increase (Decrease) in Chicken Inventories
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Chicken Inventories
        terseLabel: Increase (decrease) in chicken inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInChickenInventories
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: massItemType
    }
    safm_IncreaseDecreaseInChickenInventoriesPercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Increase (Decrease) in Chicken Inventories, Percentage
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Chicken Inventories, Percentage
        terseLabel: Increase (decrease) in chicken inventories, percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInChickenInventoriesPercentage
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    safm_InsurancePolicySelfInsuranceAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Insurance Policy, Self-Insurance, Amount
        label: Insurance Policy, Self-Insurance, Amount
        terseLabel: Insurance policy, self-insurance, amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InsurancePolicySelfInsuranceAmount
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivableDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    safm_InsurancePolicySelfInsuranceDeductibleAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Insurance Policy, Self-Insurance, Deductible, Amount
        label: Insurance Policy, Self-Insurance, Deductible, Amount
        terseLabel: Insurance policy, self-insurance, deductible, amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InsurancePolicySelfInsuranceDeductibleAmount
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivableDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    safm_InventoryAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory [Axis]
        label: Inventory [Axis]
        terseLabel: Inventory [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryAxis
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    safm_InventoryChicken: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory, Chicken
        label: Inventory, Chicken
        terseLabel: Inventory, chicken
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryChicken
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: massItemType
    }
    safm_InventoryDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory [Domain]
        label: Inventory [Domain]
        terseLabel: Inventory [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryDomain
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_InventoryFeedEggsAndOtherMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory, Feed, Eggs and Other [Member]
        label: Inventory Feed Eggs And Other [Member]
        terseLabel: Feed, eggs and other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryFeedEggsAndOtherMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_InventoryLivePoultryBroilersAndBreedersMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory, Live Poultry Broilers and Breeders [Member]
        label: Inventory Live Poultry Broilers And Breeders [Member]
        terseLabel: Live poultry-broilers (net of reserve) and breeders
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryLivePoultryBroilersAndBreedersMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_InventoryPackagingMaterialsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory, Packaging Materials [Member]
        label: Inventory Packaging Materials [Member]
        terseLabel: Packaging materials
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryPackagingMaterialsMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_InventoryProcessedFoodMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory, Processed Food [Member]
        label: Inventory Processed Food [Member]
        terseLabel: Prepared chicken
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryProcessedFoodMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_InventoryProcessedPoultryMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory, Processed Poultry [Member]
        label: Inventory Processed Poultry [Member]
        terseLabel: Processed poultry
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryProcessedPoultryMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_InventoryWriteDownAndRecoveries: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory Write-Down and Recoveries
        label: Inventory Write Down And Recoveries
        terseLabel: Live inventory adjustment (net of prior period reversal)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryWriteDownAndRecoveries
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    safm_LandAndBuildingsGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Land and buildings, Gross
        label: Land And Buildings Gross
        terseLabel: Land and buildings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LandAndBuildingsGross
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    safm_LeverageRatioLevelsAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Leverage Ratio Levels [Axis]
        label: Leverage Ratio Levels [Axis]
        terseLabel: Leverage Ratio Levels [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeverageRatioLevelsAxis
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    safm_LeverageRatioLevelsDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: [Domain] for Leverage Ratio Levels [Axis]
        label: Leverage Ratio Levels [Domain]
        terseLabel: Leverage Ratio Levels [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeverageRatioLevelsDomain
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_LineItemFreightRevenueMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line Item Freight Revenue
        label: Line Item Freight Revenue [Member]
        terseLabel: Line Item Freight Revenue
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineItemFreightRevenueMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_MinimallypreparedchickenMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimally prepared chicken
        label: Minimally prepared chicken [Member]
        verboseLabel: Prepared chicken
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinimallypreparedchickenMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_OtherParticipantsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Participants [Member]
        label: Other Participants [Member]
        terseLabel: Other Participants
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherParticipantsMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_OtherPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Preferred Stock [Member]
        label: Other Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Other Preferred Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherPreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_OutsideUnitedStatesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outside United States [Member]
        label: Outside United States [Member]
        terseLabel: Outside United States
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OutsideUnitedStatesMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedandUndistributedEarningsLossBasicandDiluted: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Participating Securities, Distributed and Undistributed Earnings (Loss), Basic and Diluted
        label: Participating Securities, Distributed and Undistributed Earnings (Loss), Basic and Diluted
        negatedLabel: Distributed and undistributed (earnings) to unvested restricted stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedandUndistributedEarningsLossBasicandDiluted
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    safm_PerformanceSharePlan2015Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Performance Share Plan, 2015
        label: Performance Share Plan, 2015 [Member]
        terseLabel: 2015 Performance Share Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PerformanceSharePlan2015Member
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_PerformanceSharePlan2016Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Performance Share Plan, 2016
        label: Performance Share Plan, 2016 [Member]
        terseLabel: 2016 Performance Share Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PerformanceSharePlan2016Member
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_PerformanceSharePlan2017Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Performance Share Plan, 2017
        label: Performance Share Plan, 2017 [Member]
        terseLabel: 2017 Performance Share Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PerformanceSharePlan2017Member
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_PerformanceSharePlan2018Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Performance Share Plan, 2018
        label: Performance Share Plan, 2018 [Member]
        terseLabel: 2018 Performance Share Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PerformanceSharePlan2018Member
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_ProceedsPaymentsFromCommonStockIssuedUnderStockCompensationPlans: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Proceeds Payments from Common Stock Issued under Stock Compensation Plans
        label: Proceeds Payments From Common Stock Issued Under Stock Compensation Plans
        negatedLabel: Payments from issuance of common stock under stock compensation plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsPaymentsFromCommonStockIssuedUnderStockCompensationPlans
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    safm_ProductSixMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Product 6 [Member]
        label: Product Six [Member]
        terseLabel: Offal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductSixMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapitalMaximumIncrease: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Ratio Of Indebtedness To Net Capital, Maximum Increase
        label: Ratio Of Indebtedness To Net Capital, Maximum Increase
        terseLabel: Maximum increase, ratio of indebtedness to net capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapitalMaximumIncrease
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    }
    safm_ReconciliationOfProvisionOfIncomeTaxesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reconciliation of Provision of Income Taxes [Line Items]
        label: Reconciliation Of Provision Of Income Taxes [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Provision of Income Taxes [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReconciliationOfProvisionOfIncomeTaxesLineItems
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    safm_ReconciliationOfProvisionOfIncomeTaxesTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reconciliation of Provision of Income Taxes [Table]
        label: Reconciliation Of Provision Of Income Taxes [Table]
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Provision of Income Taxes [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReconciliationOfProvisionOfIncomeTaxesTable
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    safm_RetainerAndMeetingFeesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Retainer and Meeting Fees [Member]
        label: Retainer And Meeting Fees [Member]
        terseLabel: Retainer and Meeting Fees
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainerAndMeetingFeesMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_RevenueNet: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revenue, Net
        label: Revenue, Net
        terseLabel: Net sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueNet
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    safm_ScenarioLessThan25PercentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Scenario, Less Than 25 Percent
        label: Scenario, Less Than 25 Percent [Member]
        terseLabel: Greater than 25 percent
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScenarioLessThan25PercentMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_ScenarioMoreThan25LessThan35PercentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Scenario, More Than 25 Less Than 35 Percent
        label: Scenario, More Than 25 Less Than 35 Percent [Member]
        terseLabel: Greater than or equal to 25 percent less than or equal to 35 percent
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScenarioMoreThan25LessThan35PercentMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_ScenarioMoreThan35LessThan45PercentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Scenario, More Than 35 Less Than 45 Percent
        label: Scenario, More Than 35 Less Than 45 Percent [Member]
        terseLabel: Greater than or equal to 35 percent less than or equal to 45 percent
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScenarioMoreThan35LessThan45PercentMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_ScenarioMoreThan45PercentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Scenario, More Than 45 Percent
        label: Scenario, More Than 45 Percent [Member]
        terseLabel: Greater than or equal to 45 Percent
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScenarioMoreThan45PercentMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_ScheduleOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule Of Defined Contribution Pension And Other Postretirement Plans Disclosure [Line Items]
        label: Schedule Of Defined Contribution Pension And Other Postretirement Plans Disclosure [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Defined Contribution Pension And Other Postretirement Plans Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureLineItems
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    safm_ScheduleOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule Of Defined Contribution Pension And Other Postretirement Plans Disclosure [Table]
        label: Schedule Of Defined Contribution Pension And Other Postretirement Plans Disclosure [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule Of Defined Contribution Pension And Other Postretirement Plans Disclosure [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureTable
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    safm_SecuritiesMaturity: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Securities Maturity
        label: Securities Maturity
        terseLabel: Highly liquid investments included as cash equivalents, maximum maturities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SecuritiesMaturity
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    safm_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardHoldingPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award, Award Holding Period
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Award Holding Period
        terseLabel: Performance share agreements, additional holding period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardHoldingPeriod
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    safm_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumTargetGoalPercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award, Maximum Target Goal Percentage
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Maximum Target Goal Percentage
        terseLabel: Performance share agreements, percentage of grants made, maximum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumTargetGoalPercentage
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    safm_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMinimumTargetGoalPercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share based Payment Award, Minimum Target Goal Percentage
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Minimum Target Goal Percentage
        terseLabel: Performance share agreements, percentage of grants made, minimum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMinimumTargetGoalPercentage
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    safm_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformancePeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award, Performance Period
        label: Share Based Compensation Arrangement By Share Based Payment Award Performance Period
        terseLabel: Performance share agreements, performance period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerformancePeriod
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    safm_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardTargetNumberofShares: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Target Number of Shares
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Target Number of Shares
        terseLabel: Stock compensation plan, target shares for grant (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardTargetNumberofShares
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
        label: Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Significant Accounting Policies [Table]
        label: Significant Accounting Policies [Table]
        terseLabel: Significant Accounting Policies [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesTable
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    safm_StockPurchasePlanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Purchase Plan
        label: Stock Purchase Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: Stock Purchase Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockPurchasePlanMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    safm_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017IncompleteAccountingChangeInTaxRateDeferredTaxAssetProvisionalIncomeTaxBenefit: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tax Cuts And Jobs Act Of 2017, Incomplete Accounting, Change In Tax Rate, Deferred Tax Asset, Provisional Income Tax Benefit
        label: Tax Cuts And Jobs Act Of 2017, Incomplete Accounting, Change In Tax Rate, Deferred Tax Asset, Provisional Income Tax Benefit
        terseLabel: Tax Cuts And Jobs Act, provisional income tax benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017IncompleteAccountingChangeInTaxRateDeferredTaxAssetProvisionalIncomeTaxBenefit
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    safm_UpToThreePercentOfEmployeeSalaryMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Up to 3 Percent of Employee Salary
        label: Up To Three Percent Of Employee Salary [Member]
        terseLabel: Up To 3% of Employee Salary
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UpToThreePercentOfEmployeeSalaryMember
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20191031
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MajorCustomersAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
      r188
      r192
      r313
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name or description of a single external customer or a group of external customers.
        label: Customer [Axis]
        terseLabel: Customer [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MajorCustomersAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ManagementMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143
      r285
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Person or persons designated as part of management.
        label: Management [Member]
        terseLabel: Management
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ManagementMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Upper limit of the provided range.
        label: Maximum [Member]
        terseLabel: Maximum
        verboseLabel: Maximum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MaximumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lower limit of the provided range.
        label: Minimum [Member]
        terseLabel: Minimum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinimumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_NameOfMajorCustomerDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Single external customer or group of external customers.
        label: Customer [Domain]
        terseLabel: Customer [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NameOfMajorCustomerDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ProductOrServiceAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
      r188
      r190
      r310
      r311
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by product and service, or group of similar products and similar services.
        label: Product and Service [Axis]
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductOrServiceAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Product or service, or a group of similar products or similar services.
        label: Product and Service [Domain]
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductsAndServicesDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by statistical measurement. Includes, but is not limited to, minimum, maximum, weighted average, arithmetic average, and median.
        label: Statistical Measurement [Axis]
        terseLabel: Range [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Statistical measurement. Includes, but is not limited to, minimum, maximum, weighted average, arithmetic average, and median.
        label: Statistical Measurement [Domain]
        terseLabel: Range [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
      r333
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Schedule II
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleII
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    srt_SegmentGeographicalDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Geographical area.
        label: Geographical [Domain]
        terseLabel: Geographical [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentGeographicalDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_StatementGeographicalAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r141
      r188
      r191
      r312
      r321
      r323
      r331
      r332
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by geographical components.
        label: Geographical [Axis]
        terseLabel: Geographical [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementGeographicalAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143
      r285
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by title of individual or nature of relationship to individual or group of individuals.
        label: Title of Individual [Axis]
        terseLabel: Title of Individual [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TitleOfIndividualAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of individual, or nature of relationship to individual or group of individuals.
        label: Title of Individual [Domain]
        terseLabel: Relationship to Entity [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts [Abstract]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
      r333
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Table]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    stpr_GA: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: GEORGIA
        terseLabel: Georgia
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GA
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    stpr_NC: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: NORTH CAROLINA
        terseLabel: North Carolina
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NC
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2018-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingPoliciesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r194
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2014-09 [Member]
        terseLabel: Accounting Standards Update 2014-09
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivableDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r40
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for accounts payable and accrued liabilities at the end of the reporting period.
        label: Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/Accruedexpenses
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accounts Payable, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2
      r23
      r144
      r145
      r189
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business, classified as current.
        label: Accounts Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable, less allowance of $1,260 in 2019 and $3,260 in 2018
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsReceivableNetCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccrualForTaxesOtherThanIncomeTaxesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r11
      r43
      r230
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for real and property taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrual for Taxes Other than Income Taxes, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued property taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccrualForTaxesOtherThanIncomeTaxesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature, are incurred on contractual obligations, or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes, interest, rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Liabilities, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses
        totalLabel: Accrued expenses, total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing, trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception, pricing, promotion, and distribution of ideas, goods, and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts, rebates, price protection programs, etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Marketing Costs, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued rebates
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedPayrollTaxesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r11
      r43
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory payroll taxes incurred through that date and withheld from employees pertaining to services received from them, including entity's matching share of the employees FICA taxes and contributions to the state and federal unemployment insurance programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Payroll Taxes, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued payroll taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedPayrollTaxesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
      r11
      r43
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the obligations incurred through that date and payable for employees' services provided. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Salaries, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued wages
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedSalariesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedVacationCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
      r43
      r195
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for unused vacation time owed to employees based on the entity's vacation benefit given to its employees. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Vacation, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued vacation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedVacationCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r37
      r163
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.
        label: Accumulated Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization, Property, Plant, and Equipment
        negatedLabel: Accumulated depreciation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r24
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital, capital in excess of par, capital surplus, or paid-in capital.
        label: Additional Paid in Capital, Common Stock
        terseLabel: Paid-in capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.
        label: Additional Paid-in Capital [Member]
        terseLabel: Paid-In Capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r105
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by new accounting pronouncement.
        label: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis]
        terseLabel: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of adjustments to net income or loss necessary to remove the effects of all items whose cash effects are investing or financing cash flows. The aggregate amount also includes all noncash expenses and income items which reduce or increase net income and are thus added back or deducted when calculating cash provided by or used in operating activities.
        label: Adjustments, Noncash Items, to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
        totalLabel: Total adjustments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r231
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising cost.
        label: Advertising Cost [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Advertising and Marketing Costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r232
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount charged to advertising expense for the period, which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand, product or product line.
        label: Advertising Expense
        terseLabel: Advertising costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdvertisingExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r206
      r221
      r226
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes amount capitalized.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expense
        terseLabel: Compensation cost
        verboseLabel: Total compensation cost
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r102
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Allowance for credit loss from right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Allowance, Credit Loss [Member]
        terseLabel: Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllowanceForCreditLossMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r29
      r146
      r150
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable, classified as current.
        label: Accounts Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable, allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
      r287
      r300
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets
        totalLabel: Total assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Assets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6
      r8
      r54
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets, Current
        totalLabel: Total current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Assets, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current assets:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r208
      r224
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Award Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Award Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AwardTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BuildingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Facility held for productive use including, but not limited to, office, production, storage and distribution facilities.
        label: Building [Member]
        terseLabel: Building
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BuildingMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r89
      r90
      r91
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Future cash outflow to pay for purchases of fixed assets that have occurred.
        label: Capital Expenditures Incurred but Not yet Paid
        terseLabel: Capital expenditures included in accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
      r34
      r86
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value
        periodEndLabel: Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
        periodStartLabel: Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
        verboseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease)
        totalLabel: Net change in cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r14
      r87
      r92
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Cash Equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashEquivalentsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r14
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash Equivalents [Member]
        terseLabel: Cash Equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashEquivalentsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CatastrophicEventDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169
      r170
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Catastrophic event, for example, but not limited to, earthquake, windstorm, fire or explosion.
        label: Catastrophic Event [Domain]
        terseLabel: Catastrophic Event [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CatastrophicEventDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivableDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share of stock differentiated by the voting rights the holder receives. Examples include, but are not limited to, common stock, redeemable preferred stock, nonredeemable preferred stock, and convertible stock.
        label: Class of Stock [Domain]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfStockDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfTreasuryStockTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r182
      r183
      r184
      r185
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about treasury stock, including, but not limited to, average cost per share, description of share repurchase program, shares repurchased, shares held for each class of treasury stock.
        label: Class of Treasury Stock [Table]
        terseLabel: Class of Treasury Stock [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfTreasuryStockTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CollectiveBargainingArrangementAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by collective bargaining arrangement. A collective bargaining arrangement is a written, legally enforceable employment contract between management of an organization and its employees represented by a union.
        label: Collective Bargaining Arrangement [Axis]
        terseLabel: Collective Bargaining Arrangement [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CollectiveBargainingArrangementAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CollectiveBargainingArrangementDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Names of collective bargaining arrangements. A collective bargaining arrangement is a written, legally enforceable employment contract between management of an organization and its employees represented by a union.
        label: Collective Bargaining Arrangement [Domain]
        terseLabel: Collective Bargaining Arrangement [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CollectiveBargainingArrangementDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
      r169
      r292
      r305
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies
        terseLabel: Commitments and contingencies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingencies
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r168
      r171
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingencies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r181
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate dividends paid during the period for each share of common stock outstanding.
        label: Common Stock, Dividends, Per Share, Cash Paid
        terseLabel: Cash dividends, per share (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITYParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared: {
     auth_ref: [
      r181
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate dividends declared during the period for each share of common stock outstanding.
        label: Common Stock, Dividends, Per Share, Declared
        terseLabel: Dividends per share (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.
        label: Common Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Common\u00a0Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.
        label: Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share
        terseLabel: Common Stock, par value (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
        label: Common Stock, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Common Stock, authorized shares (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Issued
        terseLabel: Common Stock, issued shares (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
      r176
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding
        terseLabel: Common Stock, outstanding shares (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
        label: Common Stock, Value, Issued
        terseLabel: Common Stock, $1 par value: authorized shares-100,000,000; issued and outstanding shares - 22,203,920 in 2019 and 22,099,780 in 2018
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r197
      r200
      r204
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure of an entity's employee compensation and benefit plans, excluding share-based compensation and including, but not limited to, postemployment and postretirement benefit plans, defined benefit pension plans, defined contribution plans, non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans, deferred compensation, life insurance, severance, health care, unemployment and other benefit plans.
        label: Compensation and Employee Benefit Plans, Other than Share-based Compensation [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Employee Benefit Plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlans
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Retirement Benefits [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Retirement Benefits [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
      r128
      r270
      r271
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The denominator in a calculation of a disclosed concentration risk percentage.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
      r128
      r270
      r271
      r314
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by benchmark of concentration risk.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
      r128
      r270
      r271
      r314
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of concentration risk, for example, but not limited to, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
      r128
      r270
      r271
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount, which serves as the \benchmark\ (or denominator) in the equation, this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
        label: Concentration Risk, Percentage
        terseLabel: Percentage of revenue from a single major customer
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
      r128
      r270
      r271
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk as a percentage of some financial balance or benchmark, identifies the type (for example, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender) of the concentration.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
      r260
      r261
      r262
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements, including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example, common stock, a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities, for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions, noncontrolling interest, and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
        label: Consolidation, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Principles of Consolidation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r162
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of structure or a modification to a structure under construction. Includes recently completed structures or modifications to structures that have not been placed into service.
        label: Construction in Progress, Gross
        terseLabel: Construction-in-process
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConstructionInProgressGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r65
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities.
        label: Cost of Goods and Services Sold
        negatedLabel: Cost of sales
        terseLabel: Cost of sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r63
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total costs of sales and operating expenses for the period.
        label: Costs and Expenses
        totalLabel: Cost and expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostsAndExpenses
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Costs and Expenses [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Cost and expenses:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostsAndExpensesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Axis]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Domain]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r252
      r256
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r252
      r256
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        totalLabel: Current income tax expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current expense (benefit):
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r252
      r256
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current State and Local Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that revenues in the period from one or more significant customers is to net revenues, as defined by the entity, such as total net revenues, product line revenues, segment revenues. The risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a significant customer.
        label: Customer Concentration Risk [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer Concentration Risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerConcentrationRiskMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r175
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
        label: Debt Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Long-Term debt obligations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligations
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage points added to the reference rate to compute the variable rate on the debt instrument.
        label: Debt Instrument, Basis Spread on Variable Rate
        terseLabel: Interest rate
        verboseLabel: Spread
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r269
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value portion of debt instrument payable, including, but not limited to, notes payable and loans payable.
        label: Debt Instrument, Fair Value Disclosure
        terseLabel: Fair Value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccountingPoliciesDetails
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
      r97
      r177
      r178
      r179
      r180
      r273
      r274
      r276
      r297
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to long-term debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredBonusMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: An contractual arrangement whereby an employee is entitled to receive in the future, subject to vesting and other restrictions, a bonus, as defined in the agreement, of the entity or portion thereof. Employer contributions may be discretionary or may be based on a fixed formula related to individual, group and entity-wide performance goals, compensation, or other factors. It is a form of incentive compensation to employees in addition to their regular salary and profit sharing.
        label: Deferred Bonus [Member]
        terseLabel: Deferred Bonus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredBonusMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r196
      r206
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The compensation expense recognized during the period pertaining to the deferred compensation arrangement.
        label: Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual, Compensation Expense
        terseLabel: Share purchase plan, compensation expense related to the matching contribution
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualCompensationExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r213
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The per share price that the individual must pay to acquire shares under the deferred compensation arrangement.
        label: Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual, Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Share purchase plan, value per share of restricted issued (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of deferred compensation related to equity-based payment arrangements. Includes, but is not limited to, employment contracts with one or more selected officers or key employees. Excludes broad group equity-based compensation plans, defined benefit pension plans, defined benefit other postretirement benefit plans and other deferred compensation that is not equivalent to a defined benefit pension plan or a defined benefit other postretirement benefit plan.
        label: Equity-Based Arrangements, Individual Contracts, Type of Deferred Compensation [Axis]
        terseLabel: Type of Deferred Compensation [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued pursuant to the terms of a deferred compensation arrangement.
        label: Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual, Shares Issued
        terseLabel: Share purchase plan, shares of restricted stock issued
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the amounts paid in advance for capitalized costs that will be expensed with the passage of time or the occurrence of a triggering event, and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets, not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.
        label: Deferred Costs, Capitalized, Prepaid, and Other Assets Disclosure [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r253
      r256
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84
      r96
      r253
      r256
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Deferred income taxes
        totalLabel: Deferred income tax expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred expense (benefit):
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18
      r19
      r245
      r288
      r298
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Gross
        totalLabel: Total deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r239
      r248
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.
        label: Deferred Income Tax Liabilities, Net
        terseLabel: Deferred income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r253
      r256
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r234
      r250
      r251
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from inventory.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Inventory
        terseLabel: Inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsInventory
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r246
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Net of Valuation Allowance
        totalLabel: Total deferred tax assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Net [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred tax assets:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r233
      r250
      r251
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss Carryforwards
        terseLabel: Net operating loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r233
      r250
      r251
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible domestic operating loss carryforwards. Excludes state and local operating loss carryforwards.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Operating Loss Carryforwards, Domestic
        terseLabel: Operating loss carryforwards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwardsDomestic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r234
      r250
      r251
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences, classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Other
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from state taxes.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, State Taxes
        terseLabel: Deferred tax assets, job tax credit
        verboseLabel: State income tax credits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r233
      r250
      r251
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from share-based compensation.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Share-based Compensation Cost
        terseLabel: Compensation on restricted stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance
        negatedLabel: Valuation allowance
        terseLabel: Recorded valuation allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r239
      r248
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Net
        totalLabel: Net deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Gross [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred tax liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r234
      r250
      r251
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Other
        terseLabel: Prepaid and other assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r234
      r250
      r251
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property, plant, and equipment.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Property, Plant and Equipment
        terseLabel: Property, plant and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r203
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost for defined contribution plan.
        label: Defined Contribution Plan, Cost
        terseLabel: Employee benefit plans, total employer contribution
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of employees' gross pay for which the employer contributes a matching contribution to a defined contribution plan.
        label: Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Matching Contribution, Percent of Employees' Gross Pay
        terseLabel: Employee benefit plans, employer matching contribution, percent of employees' salary
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage employer matches of the employee's percentage contribution matched.
        label: Defined Contribution Plan, Employer Matching Contribution, Percent of Match
        terseLabel: Employee benefit plans, employer matching contribution percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84
      r136
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets, intangible assets, or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
        label: Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization
        terseLabel: Depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DifferenceBetweenRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeAndAfterTopic606Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r193
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effect in current period from application of guidance for revenue from contract with customer compared with guidance for revenue recognition applicable prior to change when using transition method for cumulative effect in period including initial date of application.
        label: Difference between Revenue Guidance in Effect before and after Topic 606 [Member]
        terseLabel: Difference between Revenue Guidance in Effect before and after Topic 606
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DifferenceBetweenRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeAndAfterTopic606Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table]
        terseLabel: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r188
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Disaggregation of Revenue
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DisaggregationofRevenue
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r229
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Stock Compensation Plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlans
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs, Share-based Payments [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal: {
     auth_ref: [
      r84
      r161
      r165
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of gain (loss) recognized on the sale or disposal of a disposal group. Excludes discontinued operations.
        label: Disposal Group, Not Discontinued Operation, Gain (Loss) on Disposal
        terseLabel: Loss on asset disposals
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DividendsCash: {
     auth_ref: [
      r181
      r296
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of paid and unpaid cash dividends declared for classes of stock, for example, but not limited to, common and preferred.
        label: Dividends, Cash
        negatedLabel: Cash dividends
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DividendsCash
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Earnings per share:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r61
      r106
      r110
      r111
      r112
      r113
      r117
      r294
      r308
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic
        terseLabel: Basic (in usd per share)
        verboseLabel: Earnings per common share - Basic (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r61
      r106
      r110
      r111
      r112
      r113
      r117
      r294
      r308
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Diluted
        terseLabel: Diluted (in usd per share)
        verboseLabel: Earnings per common share - Diluted (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
      r114
      r115
      r116
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors, including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends, splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Earnings Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r118
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for earnings per share.
        label: Earnings Per Share [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Earnings Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShare
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100
      r240
      r241
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Percent
        terseLabel: Effective income tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r240
      r241
      r255
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Percent
        terseLabel: Federal statutory rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationShareBasedCompensationExcessTaxBenefitAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r228
      r240
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation, attributable to expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes expense determined to be nondeductible upon grant or after for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Expense (Benefit), Share-based Payment Arrangement, Amount
        terseLabel: Excess tax benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationShareBasedCompensationExcessTaxBenefitAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsInvestment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r240
      r241
      r255
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to investment tax credit.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Credit, Investment, Percent
        terseLabel: Investment tax credit provided by Investing in Business Property Credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsInvestment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r222
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost not yet recognized for nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Cost Not yet Recognized, Amount
        terseLabel: Unrecognized share-based compensation costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r222
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Cost Not yet Recognized, Period for Recognition
        terseLabel: Unrecognized share-based compensation costs weighted average period of recognition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r222
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost to be recognized for nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Excluding Option, Cost Not yet Recognized, Amount
        terseLabel: Compensation not yet recognized,
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeStockOwnershipPlanESOPCashContributionsToESOP: {
     auth_ref: [
      r227
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This item represents the amount of cash contributions during the period made by the entity to the Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP).
        label: Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP), Cash Contributions to ESOP
        terseLabel: Total contributions to the ESOP
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeStockOwnershipPlanESOPCashContributionsToESOP
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Revenue from External Customer [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Revenue from External Customer [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityBasedArrangementsIndividualContractsTypeOfDeferredCompensationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred compensation related to equity-based payment arrangements. Includes, but is not limited to, employment contracts with one or more selected officers or key employees. Excludes broad group equity-based compensation plans, defined benefit pension plans, defined benefit other postretirement benefit plans and other deferred compensation that is not equivalent to a defined benefit pension plan or a defined benefit other postretirement benefit plan.
        label: Equity-Based Arrangements, Individual Contracts, Type of Deferred Compensation [Domain]
        terseLabel: Type of Deferred Compensation, All Types [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityBasedArrangementsIndividualContractsTypeOfDeferredCompensationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityClassOfTreasuryStockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Equity, Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Equity, Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityClassOfTreasuryStockLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r176
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common, preferred, treasury stock, retained earnings, etc.
        label: Equity Component [Domain]
        terseLabel: Equity Component [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityComponentDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnNonrecurringBasisTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r264
      r265
      r266
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities by class, including financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity, if any, that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods after initial recognition (for example, impaired assets). Disclosures may include, but are not limited to: (a) the fair value measurements recorded and the reasons for the measurements and (b) the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements are categorized in their entirety (levels 1, 2, 3).
        label: Fair Value Measurements, Nonrecurring [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Measurements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnNonrecurringBasisTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
      r267
      r268
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the fair value of financial instruments.
        label: Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Fair Value of Financial Instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r283
      r284
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability
        terseLabel: Finance lease, liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r282
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Right-of-Use Asset
        terseLabel: Finance lease, right-of-use asset
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement: {
     auth_ref: [
      r169
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) recognized in settlement of litigation and insurance claims. Excludes claims within an insurance entity's normal claims settlement process.
        label: Gain (Loss) Related to Litigation Settlement
        terseLabel: Gain (Loss) related to litigation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GrossProfit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r64
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.
        label: Gross Profit
        terseLabel: Gross profit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GrossProfit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
      r160
      r166
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and measuring the impairment of long-lived assets. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for long-lived assets to be sold. This policy excludes goodwill and intangible assets.
        label: Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest, and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Equity Method Investments, Income Taxes, Noncontrolling Interest
        totalLabel: Income before income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Statement [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r242
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by tax jurisdiction.
        label: Income Tax Authority [Axis]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agency, division or body classification that levies income taxes, examines tax returns for compliance, or grants exemptions from or makes other decisions pertaining to income taxes.
        label: Income Tax Authority [Domain]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r259
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information.
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r137
      r257
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Income tax expense (benefit)
        totalLabel: Income tax expense (benefit)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r57
      r92
      r237
      r238
      r243
      r244
      r249
      r258
      r322
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
        label: Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236
      r240
      r241
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance, Amount
        verboseLabel: Change in valuation allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r235
      r240
      r241
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations, attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Enacted Tax Rate, Amount
        terseLabel: Discrete benefit resulting from TCJA
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r240
      r241
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and the expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to deduction for qualified production activity.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Deduction, Qualified Production Activity, Amount
        negatedLabel: Federal manufacturers deduction
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
      r240
      r241
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of income tax expense or benefit for the period computed by applying the domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Amount
        terseLabel: Income taxes at statutory rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r240
      r241
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to nondeductible expenses.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Nondeductible Expense, Amount
        terseLabel: Nondeductible expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r240
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Other Adjustments, Amount
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
      r240
      r241
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to state and local income tax expense (benefit).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, State and Local Income Taxes, Amount
        terseLabel: State income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCredits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r240
      r241
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax credits. Including, but not limited to, research credit, foreign tax credit, investment tax credit, and other tax credits.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Credit, Amount
        negatedLabel: Income tax credits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCredits
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income, net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
        label: Income Taxes Paid, Net
        terseLabel: Income taxes paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxesPaidNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
      r291
      r306
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle, if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.
        label: Income Taxes Receivable, Current
        terseLabel: Refundable income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxesReceivable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Receivable
        negatedLabel: Accounts receivable - trade
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherOperatingLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in accrued expenses, and obligations classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accrued Liabilities and Other Operating Liabilities
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses, claims payable and other liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherOperatingLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesPayableNetOfIncomeTaxesReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to taxing authorities for taxes that are based on the reporting entity's earnings, net of amounts receivable from taxing authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Income Taxes Payable, Net of Income Taxes Receivable
        terseLabel: Income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesPayableNetOfIncomeTaxesReceivable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInsuranceSettlementsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in insurance settlements receivable, which are amounts due in settlement of a claim for reimbursement from an insurance company when the Company has suffered a loss covered under an insurance policy. The expectation is that such reimbursement will be received within one year of the balance sheet date.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Insurance Settlements Receivable
        negatedTerseLabel: Accounts receivable - insurance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInsuranceSettlementsReceivable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity, associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Inventories
        negatedLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInventories
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Change in assets and liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses, and assets classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets
        negatedLabel: Prepaid expenses and other assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r193
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information about effect of transition method for cumulative effect in initial period of application.
        label: Initial Application Period Cumulative Effect Transition [Axis]
        terseLabel: Initial Application Period Cumulative Effect Transition [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effect of transition method for cumulative effect in initial period of application.
        label: Initial Application Period Cumulative Effect Transition [Domain]
        terseLabel: Initial Application Period Cumulative Effect Transition [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InsuranceSettlementsReceivableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount due in settlement of a claim for reimbursement from an insurance company when the Company has suffered a loss covered under an insurance policy.   For classified balance sheets, represents the current amount receivable, that is amounts expected to be collected within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Insurance Settlements Receivable, Current
        terseLabel: Receivable from insurance companies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InsuranceSettlementsReceivableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivableDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r58
      r135
      r272
      r275
      r295
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense.
        label: Interest Expense
        negatedLabel: Interest expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
      r81
      r88
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest, excluding capitalized interest, classified as operating activity. Includes, but is not limited to, payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.
        label: Interest Paid, Excluding Capitalized Interest, Operating Activities
        terseLabel: Interest paid, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestPaidNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InternalRevenueServiceIRSMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of the United States of America government entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity.
        label: Internal Revenue Service (IRS) [Member]
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InternalRevenueServiceIRSMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
      r154
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of inventory reserves for last-in first-out (LIFO) and other inventory valuation methods.
        label: Inventory Adjustments
        terseLabel: Inventory adjustments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryAdjustments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryCurrentTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about inventory expected to be sold or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Inventory, Current [Table]
        terseLabel: Inventory, Current [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryCurrentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Inventory Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r157
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes, but is not limited to, the basis of stating inventory, the method of determining inventory cost, the classes of inventory, and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/Inventories
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Inventory [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Inventory [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1
      r51
      r153
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Inventory, Net
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13
      r52
      r92
      r119
      r154
      r156
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes, including, but not limited to, basis for determining inventory amounts, methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes, loss recognition on impairment of inventories, and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.
        label: Inventory, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown: {
     auth_ref: [
      r155
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments, including, but not limited to, physical deterioration, obsolescence, or changes in price levels.
        label: Inventory Write-down
        terseLabel: Live inventory adjustment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryWriteDown
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r67
      r134
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accretion (amortization) of purchase discount (premium) of interest income on nonoperating securities.
        label: Investment Income, Interest
        terseLabel: Interest income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InvestmentIncomeInterest
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r315
      r316
      r317
      r318
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of investments.
        label: Investment Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Investment Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InvestmentTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InvestmentTypeCategorizationMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r315
      r316
      r317
      r318
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Asset obtained to generate income or appreciate in value.
        label: Investments [Domain]
        terseLabel: Investments [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InvestmentTypeCategorizationMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A document typically issued by a financial institution which acts as a guarantee of payment to a beneficiary, or as the source of payment for a specific transaction (for example, wiring funds to a foreign exporter if and when specified merchandise is accepted pursuant to the terms of the letter of credit).
        label: Letter of Credit [Member]
        terseLabel: Letter of Credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LetterOfCreditMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total amount of the contingent obligation under letters of credit outstanding as of the reporting date.
        label: Letters of Credit Outstanding, Amount
        terseLabel: Letters of credit outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r28
      r290
      r303
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any.
        label: Liabilities and Equity
        totalLabel: Total liabilities and stockholders\u2019 equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities and Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Liabilities and Stockholders\u2019 Equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer.
        label: Liabilities, Current
        totalLabel: Total current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilityForCatastropheClaimsByCatastrophicEventAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r309
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of catastrophic event, for example, but not limited to, earthquake, windstorm, fire or explosion.
        label: Catastrophic Event [Axis]
        terseLabel: Catastrophic Event [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilityForCatastropheClaimsByCatastrophicEventAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivableDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r17
      r289
      r299
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit, which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
        label: Long-term Line of Credit
        terseLabel: Revolving credit facility, outstanding borrowings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fee, expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility, for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Commitment Fee Percentage
        terseLabel: Commitment\u00a0Fee
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Line of Credit Facility [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r41
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity
        terseLabel: Revolving credit facility, maximum borrowing capacity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r41
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of borrowing capacity currently available under the credit facility (current borrowing capacity less the amount of borrowings outstanding).
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Remaining Borrowing Capacity
        terseLabel: Line of credit facility, amount available
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r41
      r97
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders, including letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
        label: Line of Credit Facility [Table]
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A contractual arrangement with a lender under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time, and under which borrowings outstanding may be either short-term or long-term, depending upon the particulars.
        label: Line of Credit [Member]
        terseLabel: Line of Credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r149
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for claims held for amounts due a entity, excluding financing receivables. Examples include, but are not limited to, trade accounts receivables, notes receivables, loans receivables. Includes disclosure for allowance for credit losses.
        label: Loans, Notes, Trade and Other Receivables Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Insurance Receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LoansNotesTradeAndOtherReceivablesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivable
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate at which a bank borrows funds from other banks in the London interbank market.
        label: London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) [Member]
        terseLabel: London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r17
      r174
      r289
      r301
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt
        netLabel: Carrying Value
        totalLabel: Revolving credit facility with banks (weighted average rate of 3.3% at October 31, 2019)
        verboseLabel: Long-term Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsDetails
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesFairValueDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt, classified as current. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt, Current Maturities
        netLabel: Less current maturities of long-term debt
        terseLabel: Long-term debt, less current maturities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r101
      r172
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirements, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Long-term Debt, Maturities, Repayments of Principal in Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt, Excluding Current Maturities
        terseLabel: Total long-term debt
        verboseLabel: Total long-term devt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-term debt.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
      r173
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of long-term debt arrangement, such as notes, line of credit, commercial paper, asset-based financing, project financing, letter of credit financing. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company, if longer.
        label: Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LossFromCatastrophes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r69
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The charge against earnings in the period for the uninsured portion of a loss from a fire, explosion, or natural disaster (hurricane, earthquake).
        label: Loss from Catastrophes
        terseLabel: Loss from catastrophes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossFromCatastrophes
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivableDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r9
      r162
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services, including, but is not limited to, tools, dies and molds, computer and office equipment.
        label: Machinery and Equipment, Gross
        terseLabel: Machinery and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property used to produce goods and services, including, but is not limited to, tools, dies and molds, computer and office equipment.
        label: Machinery and Equipment [Member]
        terseLabel: Machinery and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MinimumNetWorthRequiredForCompliance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319
      r320
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The lowest amount of net worth (total assets minus total liabilities) required by secondary market investors or state-imposed regulatory mandates.
        label: Minimum Net Worth Required for Compliance
        terseLabel: Minimum net worth required for compliance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinimumNetWorthRequiredForCompliance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Movement in Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Movement in Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities, including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Financing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities, including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash used in investing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Investing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r80
      r82
      r85
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by operating activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Operating activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
      r56
      r60
      r85
      r115
      r293
      r307
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.
        label: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent
        netLabel: Net income (loss)
        terseLabel: Net income
        totalLabel: Net income
        verboseLabel: Net income - Fiscal 2019
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r106
      r108
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after deduction of tax, noncontrolling interests, dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.
        label: Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders, Basic
        totalLabel: Distributed and undistributed earnings to common shareholders \u2014 Basic
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes, but is not limited to, quantification of the expected or actual impact.
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Noncash Investing and Financing Items [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Non-cash investing activities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say, excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense)
        totalLabel: Other income (expense)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense) [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Other income (expense):
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.
        label: Operating Income (Loss)
        totalLabel: Operating income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
      r279
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesMinimumLeasePaymentsofObligationsUnderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable letter-terms in excess of one year.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due
        totalLabel: Future minimum payments due
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesMinimumLeasePaymentsofObligationsUnderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
      r279
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesMinimumLeasePaymentsofObligationsUnderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments Due, Next Twelve Months
        terseLabel: 2020
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesMinimumLeasePaymentsofObligationsUnderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
      r279
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesMinimumLeasePaymentsofObligationsUnderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetail: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Five Years
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesMinimumLeasePaymentsofObligationsUnderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
      r279
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesMinimumLeasePaymentsofObligationsUnderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetail: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Four Years
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesMinimumLeasePaymentsofObligationsUnderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
      r279
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesMinimumLeasePaymentsofObligationsUnderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Three Years
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesMinimumLeasePaymentsofObligationsUnderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
      r279
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesMinimumLeasePaymentsofObligationsUnderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due in Two Years
        verboseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesMinimumLeasePaymentsofObligationsUnderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
      r279
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesMinimumLeasePaymentsofObligationsUnderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetail: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach, from latest balance sheet date.
        label: Operating Leases, Future Minimum Payments, Due Thereafter
        terseLabel: 2025
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesMinimumLeasePaymentsofObligationsUnderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r278
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases, including minimum and any contingent rent expense, net of related sublease income.
        label: Operating Leases, Rent Expense, Net
        terseLabel: Operating leases, rental expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
      r11
      r12
      r43
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other, due within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Other Accrued Liabilities, Current
        terseLabel: Other accrued expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.
        label: Other Assets, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Other assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r69
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities, classified as other.
        label: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense)
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r199
      r201
      r202
      r203
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan designed to provide other postretirement benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, defined benefit and defined contribution plans. Excludes pension benefits.
        label: Other Postretirement Benefits Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: 401(k) Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r3
      r7
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetail: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for other costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Other Prepaid Expense, Current
        terseLabel: Other prepaid expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Payables and Accruals [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Payables and Accruals [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow to reacquire common stock during the period.
        label: Payments for Repurchase of Common Stock
        negatedTerseLabel: Repurchase of common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination, which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.
        label: Payments of Debt Issuance Costs
        negatedLabel: Payments for debt issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash outflow in the form of capital distributions and dividends to common shareholders, preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.
        label: Payments of Dividends
        negatedLabel: Dividends paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsOfDividends
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
        label: Payments to Acquire Property, Plant, and Equipment
        negatedLabel: Capital expenditures
        verboseLabel: Capital expenditures
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement awarded for meeting performance target.
        label: Performance Shares [Member]
        terseLabel: Performance Based Awards
        verboseLabel: Performance Shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PerformanceSharesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PlanNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r208
      r224
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by plan name for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Plan Name [Axis]
        terseLabel: Plan Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PlanNameAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan name for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Plan Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Plan Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockNumberOfSharesParValueAndOtherDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Preferred Stock, Number of Shares, Par Value and Other Disclosures [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockNumberOfSharesParValueAndOtherDisclosuresAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer.
        label: Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock, par value (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
        label: Preferred Stock, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock, authorized shares (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
        label: Preferred Stock, Shares Issued
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock, issued shares (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
        label: Preferred Stock, Value, Issued
        terseLabel: Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock, $100 par value: authorized shares-500,000; none issued - Par value to be determined by the Board of Directors: authorized shares-4,500,000; none issued
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r3
      r7
      r159
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetail: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Prepaid Expense, Current
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses
        totalLabel: Total prepaid expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpenseCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Prepaid Expense, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Prepaid Expense, Current [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpenseCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidInsurance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r4
      r7
      r158
      r159
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetail: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for insurance that provides economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Prepaid Insurance
        terseLabel: Prepaid insurance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidInsurance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r77
      r79
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow for proceeds from settlement of insurance claim, classified as operating activities. Excludes insurance settlement classified as investing activities.
        label: Proceeds from Insurance Settlement, Operating Activities
        terseLabel: Proceeds from insurance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromInsuranceSettlementOperatingActivities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivableDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSharesUnderIncentiveAndShareBasedCompensationPlans: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
      r225
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from issuance of shares under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes option exercised.
        label: Proceeds, Issuance of Shares, Share-based Payment Arrangement, Excluding Option Exercised
        terseLabel: Proceeds from issuance of restricted stock under stock compensation plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSharesUnderIncentiveAndShareBasedCompensationPlans
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r73
      r98
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender, including but not limited to, letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
        label: Proceeds from Lines of Credit
        terseLabel: Borrowings from revolving line of credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r70
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Property, Plant, and Equipment
        terseLabel: Net proceeds from sale of property and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProductAndServiceOtherMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Article or substance produced by nature, labor or machinery and act of providing assistance, classified as other.
        label: Product and Service, Other [Member]
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductAndServiceOtherMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r37
      r164
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-lived, physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36
      r162
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Gross
        totalLabel: Property, plant and equipment, gross
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15
      r16
      r164
      r304
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include, but are not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, and furniture and fixtures.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Net
        totalLabel: Property, plant and equipment, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Net [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Property, plant and equipment:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35
      r92
      r164
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, basis of assets, depreciation and depletion methods used, including composite deprecation, estimated useful lives, capitalization policy, accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance, capitalized interest and the method it is calculated, disposals and impairments.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15
      r162
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Listing of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Examples include, but not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life
        terseLabel: Property plant and equipment, estimated useful life
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOperatingLeaseMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Property subject to an operating lease.
        label: Property Subject to Operating Lease [Member]
        terseLabel: Property Subject to Operating Lease
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertySubjectToOperatingLeaseMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r281
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by property that could be leased or is available for lease.
        label: Property Subject to or Available for Operating Lease [Axis]
        terseLabel: Property Subject to or Available for Operating Lease [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r281
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A descriptive title of whether the property is subject to or available for operating lease.
        label: Property Subject to or Available for Operating Lease [Domain]
        terseLabel: Property Subject to or Available for Operating Lease [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r62
      r151
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense (reversal of expense) for expected credit loss on accounts receivable.
        label: Accounts Receivable, Credit Loss Expense (Reversal)
        terseLabel: Provision for losses (recoveries) on accounts receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes, but is not limited to, tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters, effect of year-end adjustments, and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunaudited
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapital1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indebtedness divided by net capital.
        label: Ratio of Indebtedness to Net Capital
        terseLabel: Revolving credit facility, maximum debt to total capitalization ratio
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapital1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Receivables [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Receivables [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReceivablesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReceivablesTradeAndOtherAccountsReceivableAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r30
      r92
      r147
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the allowance for doubtful accounts for trade and other accounts receivable balances, and when impairments, charge-offs or recoveries are recognized.
        label: Receivables, Trade and Other Accounts Receivable, Allowance for Doubtful Accounts, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReceivablesTradeAndOtherAccountsReceivableAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75
      r98
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender, including but not limited to, letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.
        label: Repayments of Lines of Credit
        negatedLabel: Payments on revolving line of credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r114
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock including a provision that prohibits sale or substantive sale of an equity instrument for a specified period of time or until specified performance conditions are met.
        label: Restricted Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestrictedStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25
      r181
      r302
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit)
        terseLabel: Retained earnings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings [Member]
        terseLabel: Retained Earnings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198
      r199
      r201
      r202
      r203
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of retirement benefit plan. Includes, but is not limited to, retirement benefit arrangement for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, retirement benefit arrangement for defined contribution pension and other postretirement plans, and special and contractual termination benefits payable upon retirement.
        label: Retirement Plan Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetirementPlanTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198
      r199
      r201
      r202
      r203
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of plan designed to provide participants with retirement benefits. Includes, but is not limited to, retirement benefit arrangement for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans, retirement benefit arrangement for defined contribution pension and other postretirement plans, and special and contractual termination benefits payable upon retirement.
        label: Retirement Plan Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetirementPlanTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r187
      r188
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, including tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value-added and excise.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer, Including Assessed Tax
        negatedLabel: Revenue
        verboseLabel: Revenue
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
      r94
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue. Includes revenue from contract with customer and from other sources.
        label: Revenue [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Revenues: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59
      r132
      r133
      r139
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold, services rendered, insurance premiums, or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes, but is not limited to, investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue, and sales and trading gain (loss).
        label: Revenues
        terseLabel: Revenue
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Revenues
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrangement in which loan proceeds can continuously be obtained following repayments, but the total amount borrowed cannot exceed a specified maximum amount.
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Member]
        terseLabel: Revolving Credit Facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SalesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r263
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing revenue from sale of goods and services rendered in the normal course of business.
        label: Sales [Member]
        terseLabel: Sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule itemizing specific types of trade accounts and notes receivable, and for each the gross carrying value, allowance, and net carrying value as of the balance sheet date. Presentation is categorized by current, noncurrent and unclassified receivables.
        label: Schedule of Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Accounts, Notes, Loans and Financing Receivable [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAccountsNotesLoansAndFinancingReceivableTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivableDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of accrued liabilities.
        label: Schedule of Accrued Liabilities [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r220
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of cost recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement by plan. Includes, but is not limited to, related tax benefit.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Cost by Plan [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Compensation Cost Related to Performance Share Agreements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r254
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45
      r97
      r177
      r178
      r179
      r180
      r273
      r274
      r276
      r297
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity, if longer.
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r248
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
        label: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r115
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations, including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Earnings Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r240
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.
        label: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Differences Between Consolidated Effective Income Tax Rate and Federal Statutory Rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular presentation of the description and amount of revenues from a product or service, or a group of similar products or similar services, reported from external customers during the period, if the information is not provided as part of the reportable operating segment information.
        label: Revenue from External Customers by Products and Services [Table]
        terseLabel: Revenue from External Customers by Products and Services [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of entity-wide revenues from external customers for each product or service or each group of similar products or services if the information is not provided as part of the reportable operating segment information.
        label: Revenue from External Customers by Products and Services [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Net Sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r280
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of future minimum payments required in the aggregate and for each of the five succeeding fiscal years for operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year and the total minimum rentals to be received in the future under noncancelable subleases as of the balance sheet date.
        label: Schedule of Future Minimum Rental Payments for Operating Leases [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Minimum Lease Payments of Obligations Under Non-Cancelable Operating Leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r13
      r31
      r32
      r33
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise, goods, commodities, or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing, servicing or production process.
        label: Schedule of Inventory, Current [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r41
      r97
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders, including letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
        label: Schedule of Line of Credit Facilities [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Leverage Ratio on which Spread on Libor Borrowings and Commitment Fee for Unused Balance of Revolving Credit Agreement are Determined
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r172
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the combined aggregate amount of maturities and sinking fund requirements for all long-term borrowings for each of the five years following the date of the latest balance sheet date presented.
        label: Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r120
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes, but is not limited to, financial information for fiscal quarters, cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r208
      r224
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year, and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted, vested, or forfeited during the year.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit, Activity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock Activity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReserve: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount (including both current and noncurrent portions) of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which no insurance coverage exists, and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted, typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property.
        label: Self Insurance Reserve
        terseLabel: Workers compensation reserve
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SelfInsuranceReserve
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReserveNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which no insurance coverage exists, and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted, typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property that are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer).
        label: Self Insurance Reserve, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Claims payable and other liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SelfInsuranceReserveNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for self-insurance reserves, including, but not limited to incurred but not reported reserves (IBNR).
        label: Self Insurance Reserve [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Self-Insurance Programs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r66
      r152
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services, as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example, credit, warranty, and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products, for example telephone expenses, Internet, and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel, rent, utilities, communication, etc.
        label: Selling, General and Administrative Expense
        negatedLabel: Selling, General and Administrative Expense
        terseLabel: Selling, general and administrative
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series A preferred stock or outstanding series A preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Series A Preferred Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SeriesAPreferredStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r83
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash expense for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Noncash Expense
        terseLabel: Amortization of share-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r209
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Includes, but is not limited to, combination of market, performance or service condition.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Award Vesting Period
        terseLabel: Stock compensation plan, vesting period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Additional Disclosures [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted Average\u00a0Grant Price
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r214
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that were forfeited during the reporting period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeited in Period
        negatedLabel: Forfeited during period (in shares)
        terseLabel: Restricted stock awards forfeited (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r218
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeitures, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Forfeited during the period (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r216
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period
        terseLabel: Granted during fiscal period (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r216
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Granted during fiscal period (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r215
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Number
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding at end of period (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding at beginning of period (in shares)
        terseLabel: Unvested shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Number of Shares [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Number\u00a0of Shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r215
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share or unit weighted-average fair value of nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding at end of period (in usd per share)
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding at beginning of period (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r217
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that vested during the reporting period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period
        negatedLabel: Vested during period (in shares)
        terseLabel: Restricted stock awards vested (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r217
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period, by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Vested during the period (in usd per share)
        verboseLabel: Restricted stock awards vested, weighted average fair value (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of additional shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Additional Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Stock compensation plan, additional shares that may be issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r210
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Stock compensation plan, maximum shares that may be issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Gross
        terseLabel: Vested shares issued (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r205
      r211
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Award Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Equity Award [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
      r208
      r212
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes, but is not limited to, methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Share-Based Compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of options vested.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Vested, Number of Shares
        terseLabel: Shares vested (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsVestedNumberOfShares
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury.
        label: Shares, Outstanding
        periodEndLabel: Ending Balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Beginning Balance (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
        label: Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Significant Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of a state or local government entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity.
        label: State and Local Jurisdiction [Member]
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r20
      r21
      r22
      r176
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by the different classes of stock of the entity.
        label: Class of Stock [Axis]
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementClassOfStockAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48
      r176
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.
        label: Equity Components [Axis]
        terseLabel: Equity Components [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Statement [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income, Statement of Cash Flows, Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income, or other statement as needed.
        label: Statement [Table]
        terseLabel: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
      r22
      r176
      r181
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number, after forfeiture, of shares or units issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes shares or units issued under employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
        label: Shares Issued, Shares, Share-based Payment Arrangement, after Forfeiture
        terseLabel: Issuance of stock under stock compensation plans (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number, before forfeiture, of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
        label: Shares Issued, Shares, Share-based Payment Arrangement, before Forfeiture
        verboseLabel: Number of shares issued or estimated
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
      r22
      r181
      r207
      r219
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value, after forfeiture, of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
        label: Shares Issued, Value, Share-based Payment Arrangement, after Forfeiture
        terseLabel: Stock compensation plan transactions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
      r22
      r176
      r181
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and have not been retired and are not held in treasury. Some state laws may govern the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period, Shares
        negatedTerseLabel: Purchase of common stock (in shares)
        verboseLabel: Purchase of common stock (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21
      r22
      r176
      r181
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the value of stock that has been repurchased during the period and has not been retired and is not held in treasury. Some state laws may mandate the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period, Value
        negatedLabel: Purchase of common stock
        verboseLabel: Purchase of common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
      r26
      r27
      r148
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
        periodEndLabel: Ending Balance
        periodStartLabel: Beginning Balance
        totalLabel: Total stockholders\u2019 equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Stockholders\u2019 equity:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents movements included in the statement of changes in stockholders' equity which are not separately disclosed or provided for elsewhere in the taxonomy.
        label: Stockholders' Equity, Other
        negatedLabel: Amortization of unearned compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event [Member]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivableDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r286
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivableDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r286
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InsuranceReceivableDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        label: Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Supplies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r7
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of consideration paid in advance for supplies that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Prepaid Supplies
        terseLabel: Parts and supplies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Supplies
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockAcquiredAverageCostPerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r182
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total cost of shares repurchased divided by the total number of shares repurchased.
        label: Treasury Stock Acquired, Average Cost Per Share
        terseLabel: Average cost (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockAcquiredAverageCostPerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r186
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for treasury stock, including, but not limited to, average cost per share, description of share repurchase program, shares repurchased, shares held for each class of treasury stock.
        label: Treasury Stock [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Common Stock Repurchases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchases
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TypeOfAdoptionMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Adoption and early adoption of sources of change to generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) in the United States. The FASB released the FASB Accounting Standards Codification as the authoritative source of literature effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15, 2009. As part of the Codification process, the FASB issues Accounting Standards Updates to amend the Codification but otherwise the Accounting Standards Updates are not authoritative in their own right. All previous accounting standards (such as FASB Statements of Financial Accounting Standards, FASB Interpretations, FASB Staff Positions, Emerging Issues Task Force Consensuses, other pronouncements of the FASB or other designated bodies, or other forms of GAAP are considered accounting pronouncements) were superseded upon the adoption of the Codification. For an interim period, references to the superseded standards are included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
        label: Type of Adoption [Domain]
        terseLabel: Type of Adoption [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TypeOfAdoptionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedAdditionalInformationDetail
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r167
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the unrecorded obligation to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices (for example, as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).
        label: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation
        verboseLabel: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UseOfEstimates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
      r123
      r124
      r125
      r129
      r130
      r131
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
        label: Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Use of Estimates
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UseOfEstimates
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r236
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for a specified deferred tax asset.
        label: Valuation Allowance, Deferred Tax Asset, Increase (Decrease), Amount
        negatedLabel: Release from valuation allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Amount
        periodEndLabel: Balance at End of Period
        periodStartLabel: Balance at Beginning of Period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves from charge to cost and expense.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Additions, Charge to Cost and Expense
        terseLabel: Charged (Credited) to Costs and Expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves, Deduction
        terseLabel: Deductions Describe
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Domain]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.
        label: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule, 12-09, Valuation Allowances and Reserves Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VariableRateAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of variable rate.
        label: Variable Rate [Axis]
        terseLabel: Variable Rate [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VariableRateAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VariableRateDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate that fluctuates over time as a result of an underlying benchmark interest rate or index.
        label: Variable Rate [Domain]
        terseLabel: Variable Rate [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VariableRateDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109
      r113
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted
        terseLabel: Weighted average shares outstanding \u2014 Diluted
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r107
      r113
     ]
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic
        terseLabel: Weighted average shares outstanding \u2014 Basic
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WorkersCompensationLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-US: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations and payables pertaining to claims incurred of a workers compensation nature. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Workers' Compensation Liability, Current
        terseLabel: Workers\u2019 compensation claims
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WorkersCompensationLiabilityCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2019-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetail
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
   }
   unitCount: 7
  }
 }
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6911-107765
  }
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h)(2))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-04.(a))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24072-122690
  }
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(ColumnA))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690
  }
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09)
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e24092-122690
  }
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122369
  }
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  }
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1448-109256
  }
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1377-109256
  }
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1505-109256
  }
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6935-107765
  }
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1252-109256
  }
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=SL5780133-109256
  }
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117326831&loc=d3e1337-109256
  }
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3630-109257
  }
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 52
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117327953&loc=d3e4984-109258
  }
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144383
  }
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846552&loc=d3e543-108305
  }
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e7018-107765
  }
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952077&loc=d3e1280-108306
  }
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126967
  }
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6161-108592
  }
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6191-108592
  }
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6404-108592
  }
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6061-108592
  }
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
  }
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6132-108592
  }
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6143-108592
  }
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 40
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9031-108599
  }
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 41
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9038-108599
  }
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 42
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929826&loc=d3e9054-108599
  }
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4647-111522
  }
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4428-111522
  }
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118952595&loc=d3e4531-111522
  }
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5074-111524
  }
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118936363&loc=d3e5144-111524
  }
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 4.E)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707
  }
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2196772
  }
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(13))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118955202&loc=SL82895884-210446
  }
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119407570&loc=SL82919249-210447
  }
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 30
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68048583&loc=d3e3636-108311
  }
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846819&loc=d3e3927-108312
  }
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4492-108314
  }
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4542-108314
  }
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4556-108314
  }
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126998
  }
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 340
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68074540&loc=d3e5865-108316
  }
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 340
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68074540&loc=d3e5879-108316
  }
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(14))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226317&loc=d3e202-110218
  }
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2443-110228
  }
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.CC)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011434&loc=d3e125687-122742
  }
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77896938&loc=d3e25336-109308
  }
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  }
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14326-108349
  }
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(22))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118942415&loc=d3e14435-108349
  }
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136
  }
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601
  }
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=SL6230698-112601
  }
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109500613&loc=SL6031897-161870
  }
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208564
  }
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21463-112644
  }
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21475-112644
  }
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21506-112644
  }
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21521-112644
  }
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21538-112644
  }
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27012166&loc=d3e187085-122770
  }
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405813&loc=d3e23239-112655
  }
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23285-112656
  }
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23309-112656
  }
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656
  }
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2208821
  }
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130543-203045
  }
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130545-203045
  }
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118956577&loc=SL49130549-203045
  }
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118944142&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)(1)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=113356391&loc=SL49131195-203048
  }
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=113356391&loc=SL49131195-203048
  }
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 710
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6409733&loc=d3e19396-108361
  }
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 30
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 710
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6409875&loc=d3e20015-108363
  }
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 710
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127225
  }
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 15
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 712
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410066&loc=d3e79218-111664
  }
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 15
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 712
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410066&loc=d3e79218-111664
  }
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(27))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 712
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2197446
  }
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2410-114920
  }
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 70
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=49170846&loc=d3e28014-114942
  }
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2235017
  }
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(28))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a),(g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b),(f)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r223: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (l)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r224: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r225: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116856206&loc=SL79508275-113901
  }
  r226: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.F)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  }
  r227: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109244661&loc=d3e17540-113929
  }
  r228: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 740
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330312&loc=d3e23163-113944
  }
  r229: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2228938
  }
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r230: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6419918&loc=d3e35281-107843
  }
  r231: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r232: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r233: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  }
  r234: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117330534&loc=d3e28680-109314
  }
  r235: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32059-109318
  }
  r236: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32123-109318
  }
  r237: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32247-109318
  }
  r238: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e32280-109318
  }
  r239: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116821951&loc=d3e31931-109318
  }
  r24: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r240: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32687-109319
  }
  r241: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32698-109319
  }
  r242: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  }
  r243: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32809-109319
  }
  r244: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32840-109319
  }
  r245: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r246: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b),(c)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r247: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r248: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r249: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32847-109319
  }
  r25: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r250: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32621-109319
  }
  r251: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32632-109319
  }
  r252: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r253: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r254: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r255: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r256: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.7)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r257: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109238882&loc=d3e38679-109324
  }
  r258: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65884525&loc=d3e40913-109327
  }
  r259: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144680
  }
  r26: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r260: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=d3e5614-111684
  }
  r261: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-02)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355033-122828
  }
  r262: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3A-03)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116822174&loc=d3e355100-122828
  }
  r263: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109980867&loc=SL5624177-113959
  }
  r264: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r265: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r266: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (bbb)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117815213&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r267: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 60
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7493716&loc=d3e21868-110260
  }
  r268: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13279-108611
  }
  r269: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13433-108611
  }
  r27: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r270: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13531-108611
  }
  r271: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118260190&loc=d3e13537-108611
  }
  r272: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391
  }
  r273: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28541-108399
  }
  r274: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28551-108399
  }
  r275: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775744&loc=d3e28555-108399
  }
  r276: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775985&loc=d3e28878-108400
  }
  r277: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 40
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (Note 3)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=82846649&loc=d3e38371-112697
  }
  r278: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41499-112717
  }
  r279: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41502-112717
  }
  r28: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r280: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77902758&loc=d3e41502-112717
  }
  r281: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 840
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84164653&loc=d3e41551-112718
  }
  r282: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r283: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888419&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r284: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=77888426&loc=SL77918701-209980
  }
  r285: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39599-107864
  }
  r286: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662
  }
  r287: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r288: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(15)(2))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r289: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(16))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r29: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(4)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r290: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r291: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.10)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r292: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.17)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6876686&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r293: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r294: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(23))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r295: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04.9)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637391&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r296: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 405
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957935&loc=d3e64057-112817
  }
  r297: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 470
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75038535&loc=d3e64711-112823
  }
  r298: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(15)(b)(2))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r299: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r3: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r30: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(4))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r300: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r301: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r302: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r303: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r304: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(8))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r305: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.(a),19)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r306: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.5(c))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119400593&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r307: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r308: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(19))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116637232&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r309: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884095&loc=d3e14764-158437
  }
  r31: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r310: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884468&loc=SL65671331-158438
  }
  r311: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r312: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r313: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=117419784&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r314: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 825
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380617&loc=SL75241803-196195
  }
  r315: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 320
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12(2)(i))
   Topic: 946
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611133-123010
  }
  r316: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 320
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12C(1)(a))
   Topic: 946
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611225-123010
  }
  r317: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 320
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-13(1))
   Topic: 946
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611282-123010
  }
  r318: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 320
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-15(Column A))
   Topic: 946
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=50485924&loc=d3e611379-123010
  }
  r319: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(a)
   Topic: 948
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6490092&loc=d3e47080-110998
  }
  r32: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r320: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 948
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6490092&loc=d3e47304-110998
  }
  r321: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 310
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-29(Footnote 4))
   Topic: 948
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6589523&loc=d3e617274-123014
  }
  r322: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 740
   Topic: 954
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650
  }
  r323: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 2))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6590653&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r324: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b
  }
  r325: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b-23
  }
  r326: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: d1-1
  }
  r327: {
   Name: Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 13
   Subsection: a-1-
  }
  r328: {
   Name: Forms 10-K, 20-F, 40-F
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 15
   Subsection: d-1
  }
  r329: {
   Name: Regulation 12B
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b-2
  }
  r33: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(c))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r330: {
   Name: Regulation S-T
   Number: 232
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 405
  }
  r331: {
   Footnote: 2
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: 28
  }
  r332: {
   Footnote: 4
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: 29
  }
  r333: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX)
   Number: 210
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: 09
  }
  r34: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r35: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r36: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r37: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.14)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r38: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r39: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r4: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)(1)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r40: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a),20,24)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r41: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r42: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19,20)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r43: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r44: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.21)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r45: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r46: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.24)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r47: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.25)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r48: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r49: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.3(a)(4))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r5: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)(7)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r50: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.3,4)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r51: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r52: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r53: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.8)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r54: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.9)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6877327&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r55: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r56: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118930883&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r57: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116657188&loc=SL116659661-227067
  }
  r58: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (210.5-03(11))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r59: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(1))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r6: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r60: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(20))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r61: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(21))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r62: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(5))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r63: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r64: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1,2)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r65: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2(a),(d))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r66: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.4)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r67: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.7(b))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r68: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.7)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r69: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.9)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116634182&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r7: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6787-107765
  }
  r70: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3179-108585
  }
  r71: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
  r72: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r73: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r74: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r75: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r76: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r77: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3337-108585
  }
  r78: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3367-108585
  }
  r79: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=SL94080549-108585
  }
  r8: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6801-107765
  }
  r80: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 24
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3521-108585
  }
  r81: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r82: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r83: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r84: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r85: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r86: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118932676&loc=d3e3044-108585
  }
  r87: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4273-108586
  }
  r88: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4297-108586
  }
  r89: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4304-108586
  }
  r9: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118951113&loc=d3e6812-107765
  }
  r90: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4313-108586
  }
  r91: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513485&loc=d3e4332-108586
  }
  r92: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18780-107790
  }
  r93: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  }
  r94: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  }
  r95: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)(2))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r96: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r97: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(e),(f))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r98: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(f))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r99: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26873400&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
 }
 version: 2.1
}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















































































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Dec. 18
 2019
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018


Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]












000


094
000



Insurance policy
 self-insurance
 amount



500
000





Insurance policy
 self-insurance
 deductible
 amount



000





Hurricane
 Florance








Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]












750
000





Hurricane
 Michael








Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]












000














Accounts
 Notes
 Loans and Financing Receivable [Line Items]










300
000











Insurance Policy
 Self-Insurance
 Amount




























Insurance Policy
 Self-Insurance
 Deductible
 Amount

























































Amount due in settlement of a claim for reimbursement from an insurance company when the Company has suffered a loss covered under an insurance policy.   For classified balance sheets
 represents the current amount receivable
 that is amounts expected to be collected within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The charge against earnings in the period for the uninsured portion of a loss from a fire
 explosion
 or natural disaster (hurricane
 earthquake).




























Amount of cash inflow for proceeds from settlement of insurance claim
 classified as operating activities. Excludes insurance settlement classified as investing activities.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018
Oct. 31
 2017











Cash dividends
 per share (in usd per share)


















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018











417


193



Accounts receivable
 less allowance of $1
260 in 2019 and $3
260 in 2018

778


932







094





928


056





612


974





931


240





111


489



Property
 plant and equipment:








089


754





236
095


017
368





149


375



Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

139
333


961
497





473)


909)



Property
 plant and equipment
 net

185
860


087
588





163


363





774
134


659
440












741


936





940


953





681


889



Long-term debt
 less current maturities








646


865





132


793

















Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
 $100 par value: authorized shares-500
000; none issued - Par value to be determined by the Board of Directors: authorized shares-4
500
000; none issued






Common Stock
 $1 par value: authorized shares-100
000
000; issued and outstanding shares - 22
203
920 in 2019 and 22
099
780 in 2018

204


100





010


269





309
461


284
524





417
675


387
893





774
134


659
440



Accounts receivable
 allowance

260


260





000









Land and buildings
 Gross

























































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.




























Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.

























































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.




























Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.




























Amount due in settlement of a claim for reimbursement from an insurance company when the Company has suffered a loss covered under an insurance policy.   For classified balance sheets
 represents the current amount receivable
 that is amounts expected to be collected within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.





















































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.





















































































Carrying amount of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which no insurance coverage exists
 and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted
 typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property that are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.




































// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018











687


020





525


142





529


828





592


554





331


453





290


034





986


922



Accrued expenses
 total

940


953




































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory payroll taxes incurred through that date and withheld from employees pertaining to services received from them
 including entity's matching share of the employees FICA taxes and contributions to the state and federal unemployment insurance programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).






















































































Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019

SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts [Abstract]





Year Ended October 31
3
(2
1
Year Ended October 31
3
3
Year Ended October 31
2
3
260&#160;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019







October&#160;31
179
150
Feed
47
37
35
30
20
13
7
6
289
240
056&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.







































  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    

  
  















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands



Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018


Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]








385
















463










Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]








600


639










Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]








000


001






























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018
Oct. 31
 2017




















Tax Cuts And Jobs Act
 provisional income tax benefit

500


















400







Deferred tax assets
 job tax credit

333


235







637


017







800

























Deferred tax assets
 job tax credit

900


































Deferred tax assets
 job tax credit

600








































Tax Cuts And Jobs Act Of 2017
 Incomplete Accounting
 Change In Tax Rate
 Deferred Tax Asset
 Provisional Income Tax Benefit










































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Beginning Balance at Oct. 31
 2016

190
262


693


855


041
714



Beginning Balance (in shares) at Oct. 31
 2016



693
225




















745






745





399)






399)





623)




733)









465









877




877





Ending Balance at Oct. 31
 2017

432
862


803


999


275
060



Ending Balance (in shares) at Oct. 31
 2017



802
690




















431






431





966)






966)





463)




639)


001)







385)









742)




862)









475









771




771





Ending Balance at Oct. 31
 2018

387
893


100


269


284
524



Ending Balance (in shares) at Oct. 31
 2018



099
780




















294






294





357)






357)









600)


000)





385)











490)




594)









140









335




335





Ending Balance at Oct. 31
 2019

417
675


204


010


309
461



Ending Balance (in shares) at Oct. 31
 2019



203
920











Amount of paid and unpaid cash dividends declared for classes of stock
 for example
 but not limited to
 common and preferred.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Number
 after forfeiture
 of shares or units issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes shares or units issued under employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).




























Value
 after forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).






















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019






















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018









Revolving credit facility with banks (weighted average rate of 3.3% at October 31
 2019)

000














000



















Revolving credit facility with banks (weighted average rate of 3.3% at October 31
 2019)

000







000






































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019








 2018 include a $7.1 million receivable from insurance carriers for property damage and expenses incurred as a result of Hurricane Florence and Hurricane Michael
 net of the applicable self-insured retention and deductibles. The Company's applicable insurance policy includes a $2.5 million self-insured
 eroding retention per policy year
 which was completely eroded as a result of Hurricane Florence
 and additional $250
000 deductibles per occurrence. As a result
 the Company's operating results for fiscal 2018 include $2.75 million in charges for damaged property and expenses incurred as a result of Hurricane Florence and $250
000 in charges for damaged property and expenses incurred as a result of Hurricane Michael. Additionally
 the Company's operating results for fiscal 2018 include unrecognized lost revenue and reduced margins which were the direct result of the hurricanes
 and calculations of those claims are ongoing. Recovery of the lost revenue and reduced margins will be recognized once the calculations of the claims and negotiations with the insurance carriers are complete. The Company will seek reimbursement for all of its insured losses
 including the unrecognized lost profits and reduced margins. As of December 18
 2019
 the Company has received from its insurance carriers payments totaling approximately $11.3&#160;million related to the Hurricane Florence and Hurricane Michael claims.







The entire disclosure for claims held for amounts due a entity
 excluding financing receivables. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 trade accounts receivables
 notes receivables
 loans receivables. Includes disclosure for allowance for credit losses.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019







Fresh
1
1
1
Fresh
1
1
1
Fresh
3
3
3
342.2&#160;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018























































Fair value portion of debt instrument payable
 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019







Outstanding at October&#160;31
293
83
(69
(6
Outstanding at October&#160;31
301
65
(84
(2
Outstanding at October&#160;31
279
88
(77
(6
Outstanding at October&#160;31
284
270&#160;




October 31
October 31
October 31
November 1
102
2
November 1
145
3
6
November 1
84
2
5
November 1
13
1
November 1
3
8
9
Note (1) - As of October 31
 2019
 the Company could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance-based criteria is probable for the agreements entered into on November 1
 2018 due to the uncertainties discussed above
 and therefore recorded no compensation expense related to those agreements.



































Tabular disclosure of cost recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement by plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 related tax benefit.




























Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019








 $2.0 million
 and $18.0 million in fiscal 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 respectively. Contributions to the ESOP vary in amount
 as the contributions are based on profitability. The Company has a 401(k) Plan which covers substantially all employees after one year of service. Participants in the Plan may contribute up to the maximum allowed by Internal Revenue Service regulations. The Company matches 100% of employee contributions to the 401(k) Plan up to 3% of each employee&#8217;s salary
 and 50% of employee contributions between 3% and 5% of each employee&#8217;s salary. The Company&#8217;s contributions to the 401(k) Plan totaled $10.9 million in fiscal 2019; $10.1 million in fiscal 2018; and $8.5 million in fiscal 2017.







The entire disclosure of an entity's employee compensation and benefit plans
 excluding share-based compensation and including
 but not limited to
 postemployment and postretirement benefit plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined contribution plans
 non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans
 deferred compensation
 life insurance
 severance
 health care
 unemployment and other benefit plans.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019







 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Sanderson Farms
 The Company is engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and other prepared chicken items. The Company&#8217;s net sales and cost of sales are significantly affected by market price fluctuations of its principal products sold and of its principal feed ingredients
The Company sells to retailers
 distributors and casual dining operators primarily in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States. Management periodically performs credit evaluations of its customers&#8217; financial condition and generally does not require collateral. The Company recognizes revenue in connection with a contract in which the Company has agreed to sell
 and a customer has agreed to purchase
 specific quantities of product at agreed-upon prices and when the Company's performance obligation related to that contract has been satisfied. In the majority of its contracts with customers
 the Company's performance obligation is satisfied when delivery of the product has occurred
 either at the customer's facility or the Company's facility
 depending on the terms of each contract. In a small number of contracts
 ownership of the product passes from the Company to the customer at some point during transit
 at which time the performance obligation is satisfied and revenue is recognized. Gross revenue and related receivables are recognized based on the transaction price within the contract and are reduced by estimated or known amounts for items such as rebates
 discounts
 cooperative advertising allowances and other various items to arrive at net revenue. During fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017
 these reductions to revenue totaled approximately $66.5&#160;million
 $79.2&#160;million and $77.2&#160;million
The cost incurred for shipping and handling activities to deliver the product to the customer is recognized in cost of sales during the period in which the corresponding revenue is recognized. Where shipping and handling activities occur after the customer has obtained control of the product
 the Company has elected to account for those expenses as fulfillment costs in cost of sales
 rather than an additional promised service. This accounting treatment is the same as the accounting treatment prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company has
 prior to the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 accounted for freight one of two ways. First
 when the Company's agreement with its customer did not authorize the Company to invoice the customer separately for freight
 the Company attempted to negotiate a higher price
 and paid freight costs associated with the sale. In these instances
 that cost was booked as an expense in cost of sales. In some instances
 the Company's agreements with its customers authorize the Company to invoice the customer for freight costs separately on its invoice to the customer. Under these arrangements
 the Company has previously accounted for freight by recognizing revenue net of the freight costs. Subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 both arrangements are accounted for in the same manner. That is
 in both instances
 revenue is reported gross of any freight charge
 and all freight costs are accounted for as cost of sales. Because we adopted ASU 2014-09 using the modified-retrospective transition method
 we did not restate prior-period financial statements
 and the separately-invoiced freight costs from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to cost of sales. During fiscal 2019
 we recognized revenue of approximately $24.9&#160;million related to those freight charges
 as compared to approximately $20.0&#160;million and $13.7&#160;million
 respectively
Due to the nature of our contracts
 commissions associated with such contracts provide only a short-term benefit (i.e. less than one year); therefore
 with our adoption of ASU 2014-09
 we recognize costs of commissions paid to third-party brokers as selling
 general and administrative expenses effective as of November 1
 2018. Prior to our adoption of ASU 2014-09
 those commissions were recognized as a reduction of revenue. Because we transitioned using the modified-retrospective method
 we did not restate prior-period financial statements
 and those commissions from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to revenue. During fiscal 2019
 we recognized approximately $10.9&#160;million in commissions as selling
 general and administrative expenses
Two customers each accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31
 2019. Sales to those customers accounted for 15.8% and 11.8%
 respectively
 of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2019. The same two customers each also accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31
 2018. Sales to those customers accounted for 14.3% and 10.5%
 respectively
accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31
Sales of offal are considered by-products; accordingly
 these amounts reduce cost of sales and totaled $31.1 million
 $34.4 million and $32.6 million in fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017
The Company sells certain of its products either directly to foreign markets or to U.S. based customers who resell the product in foreign markets. These foreign markets for fiscal 2019 and 2018 were primarily Mexico
 Cuba
 Central Asia and the Middle East
 and for fiscal 2017 were primarily Mexico
 Central Asia and the Middle East. These export sales for fiscal years 2019
 2018 and 2017 totaled approximately $284.5 million
 $215.8 million and $268.5 million
 In the normal course of business
 the Company extends credit to its customers on a short-term basis
 generally less than twenty-one days. Although credit risks associated with our customers are considered minimal
 the Company routinely reviews its accounts receivable balances and records provisions for probable doubtful accounts based on an individual assessment of a customer&#8217;s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends
 including the aging of receivable balances. In circumstances where management is aware of a specific customer&#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. If circumstances change (i.e.
 higher than expected defaults or an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer&#8217;s ability to meet its financial obligations to us)
 Processed and prepared inventories and inventories of feed
 eggs
Live poultry inventories of broilers are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 and breeders at cost less accumulated amortization. The costs associated with breeders
 including breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower pay
In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be lower in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be higher in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company will make an adjustment to lower the value of live birds in inventory to the net realizable value. The significant judgments that management makes in order to assess the net realizable value of its broiler inventory include estimating future selling prices of finished products and the related cost of sales
 primarily feed costs
 to complete. The Company recorded a charge of $2.8&#160;million at October 31
 2019 and of $9.6&#160;million at October 31
Property
 Property
 plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation of property
 The Company continually reevaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets based on events or changes in circumstances which indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. As part of this reevaluation and when indicators are present
carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss
 based on the fair value of the assets
 Insurance expense for workers&#8217; compensation benefits and employee-related health care benefits are estimated using historical experience and actuarial estimates. The Company utilizes an outside third party specialist to assist management in estimating the reserve ultimately recorded in the financial statements. The Company accrues expenses in its workers&#8217; compensation and employee benefit plans for both known claims as well as claims incurred but not reported. Stop-loss coverage is maintained with third party insurers to limit the Company&#8217;s total exposure. Management regularly reviews the assumptions used to recognize periodic expenses. Any resulting adjustments to accrued claims are reflected in current operating results. There are no material adjustments to expenses accrued in prior periods in current expenses. The total amounts recorded for the Company's reserve for workers' compensation benefits as of October 31
 2019 and October 31
 2018 are $20.5&#160;million and $18.4&#160;million
 The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses and totaled $19.9 million
 $38.9 million and $40.7 million for fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017
 Deferred income taxes are accounted for using the liability method and relate principally to depreciation expense
The Company is periodically audited by taxing authorities and considers any adjustments
 interest
 The Company accounts for all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of restricted stock and performance-based shares
 in the income statement based on their fair values. For performance-based shares
 Basic earnings per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Share-based payment awards entitling holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities and thus included in the calculation of basic earnings per share. These awards are included in the calculation of basic earnings per share under the two-class method. The two-class method allocates earnings for the period between common shareholders and other security holders. The participating awards receiving dividends are allocated the same amount of income as if they were outstanding shares. Diluted earnings per share includes any dilutive effects of options
 warrants
 The Company  holds certain items that are required to be disclosed at fair value
Level 2 &#8211; Inputs used to measure fair value
 other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date through correlation with market data
 including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and quoted prices in markets that are not active. Level 2 also includes assets and liabilities that are valued using models or other pricing methodologies that do not require significant judgment since the input assumptions used in the models
 such as interest rates and volatility factors
October 31
October 31
 In May 2017
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2017-09
 Scope of Modification Accounting
 which amends the requirements related to accounting for changes to stock compensation awards. The guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 and it did not have an impact on our consolidated financial statements. The impact this guidance will have on our future consolidated financial statements will depend on the nature and extent of future changes
 if any
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which changes the criteria for recognizing revenue. ASU 2014-09 was amended by ASU 2015-14 to defer the effective date by one year. The guidance also modifies the related disclosure requirements
 clarifies guidance for multiple-element arrangements and provides guidance for transactions that were not addressed fully in previous guidance. The guidance
 as amended
 is effective for annual reporting periods
 and interim periods within those annual reporting periods
 beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. The Company adopted this guidance using the modified retrospective transition method during the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Under the modified retrospective method
 prior periods were not adjusted. Additionally
 based on our contract assessments
 no cumulative-effect adjustment was made to the opening balance of retained earnings. For further information regarding the Company's revenue
 refer to the revenue discussion within this footnote above
In June 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-07
 Improvements to Non-employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 which expands the scope of Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation
 to include all share-based payment transactions in which a grantor acquires goods or services to be used or consumed in a grantor's own operations by issuing share-based payment awards. The guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2018
In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses
 which intends to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each reporting date. The guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2019
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance is intended to increase transparency and comparability among companies by requiring an entity that is a lessee to recognize on the balance sheet the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities arising from all leases with terms
 as defined by the guidance
 of greater than twelve months. The guidance also requires disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. The Company is required to adopt this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2020
 and we used the transition method that requires a cumulative-effect adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings during the period of adoption
 rather than restating prior-period financial statements. This guidance also provides certain practical expedients
 including a practical expedient package during transition. We utilized this package
 which allowed the Company to carry forward its determination of whether a lease exists
 the classification of a lease
Statements, Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies for the total amount of the Company's noncancelable operating lease commitments. Management intends to purchase assets going forward
 rather than entering into additional long-term leases. Upon adoption
 based on our review of the Company's lease agreements and assessments performed to date
 we expect to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of approximately $53.0&#160;million
 primarily related to transportation equipment. We do not expect adoption to have a material effect on our consolidated statements of operations and cash flows.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019







October&#160;31
9
9
19
14
13
7
10
8
11
9
8
9
9
11
82
69
953&#160;








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)































































begin 644 0000812128-19-000017-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( $(\DT__I%RZFQ

#$Y
3 S
2YH

M@Y?4!:&U]1E'5F5
1)89HWGF&94^
*8HCL_\2VXLAZN$MG &%L(Z$SA%R&A




[3EB?!C

V W^V^J?/CQO#

MS!J'
B44I]J#)





X[JXY-QCW1\.=X$)^


M=[J_OI

B
#BYCVL$G3DP&'YR-SA.%$?#E
M&1%HQI
9!)3CHR.&!8644=0B0YFR





?3D0U6

M'@BR]@D93#61P P
S& (001



\K1

M0S'P9MBYTENQ+WU=-U=+)U5958+)5WA&:F-#@&X4Q'93-.13!(:.F47UG]
M[W\H@LD?RZ%*:H(\/$$N-8A$
G(=;69 6P!!@HVI31J#AQ$6O#\;P(@KDC
M!#FD(

B:U7[)\7+G4*I%IHK!T

M

M#NC !00VR+-


DM5
M=$:F0=Y;VAI0.LX8B9)4S[JS'E$%

MMHS+#



-R1.ZN!D



89@A;\WJH(@ZEW0C K


MBD;9H'#KA@ROM_YUO6+GS8M79S]=O_M12;_9M^'(%*-45'.UW$X$XPSAV767


MW?79Y;-#L^_I^ELQ@(X.-F(OB4-
$:(%] X@8+B+CNK)8A.-&$5+T/63_4!&

M


M;E9C\\ARXR12B')


M;/5?FZ-\9+H5@8D821TXKR08PIS2RD:G2(S@QE*0I/!D8-H)(Y/W@]\P13_O
M'PPK@H_GJ;XV6!H&
7E(PY
47#8'2M1C(J5\/'P6U@.$2B84\P082APSUCH5
M%'.




H8LI1[P(5P)3 /EL!_


M@B+F3P_0Q7B9P$7(OS -$?$
O2!O#!*(C\



% :^38JHJ9+ZV^B GIKMVE$XL
MERU.UB&^'O?&7?A^'#8B^%BC=F'@RG)9XS4$U_

:@:(63
 JI^[$;;




ZT2YA@CIB0$.X+CR%! )B@O)% 
JH8(J1*T2@6!&D%1!
M0-R8=J %Y\@S62'E\7H 1.F/BC)@W



 C]






%.


M]P-8C2LGUHKF?E
?BG.;INL48M@)PXA$$0G%J):*5$'1/+SS_^DK1U$%'@

LJ@YYCX@F0K[.A5F^P$!=9:-



M





M1


M\BI+>@Z%X;#X*
Q1/B 
PEXP VXQ$SY:AC4U7'BBA7&JTKY6FD@S!VDI!SBB

MKYMA+(P@V&OE(%HE=I*9)8L&8X+VOR#!R(H0FF?[61M5P+0-8:%'0:.EI:
;QN5=:-;-;2F/!]UC4+;73ZJ(&43(<N0<#P:L'W-(:8$#%=98





M@TLOP&5/&=QH@PS*(NP\8@*#&N;&8JN#4P&S2NR9_ /@/FU(B84HTFGK#2CC

ME3I4&X W:TL/@&
!%!@RG






.2909)IR[&$J%HS4X5-1VJL



%$&V/PR# =A-;$


(B[?SP._*B8KYV8PG\I
MW3L!!#MWH^!W1P/W^2%3[N=(2M#%)AC)7!@&FD+W$SSP,0A9+UCT?(ZL(Q


J#@CP_.
J)(0ON;*J0Q:0P



$*+4.L4\
 *6N4@?]0'-S
MV)-)H5Q1P_%-.

MH.

ML0KI?$L%XH*J]B!& ;4H! =%JK7Q1N$8-.$DD%B)$B\0FK7S43=LQZV^SX]S

^;(8SR_L%F ^P9\CB.:@IT,]I
MXF-03&I=!2:( O^KT^[P52 @X]+C73-)'?]Z@GS&.#^FAREITYRRX 0</D1

MWE@2 J/4HL@L*5
9C6326$LBQ* 58F'*.VV9WM5-TTMGZN]QX3K MW3\28VH

M7%9QZ[V!N!Q588;FER7
8A+K




M98+AR
RR_%GX7X,B0

8V5
@I+X:U1



M@V(;#II4F^@M]

1E)&9NTDMM:(




4]J#-94

JC4+$XL=N


L(SHM/VS1(\FPIX



M'N3HBH?YO^.BR)WIA\WNH$@I2D\QH80X$&5%,I'SAS#VOG(A




MY\QD]&'Y*Z8M*[8/4MP
2P.Q+$


M7/@HL
%A(I.BQO:G9%+



OGPZ.N
M.0

MVO4ORB=






/G;W##[V]

WV7W!.]_ M;77WS@=X[^
6WN]M


M; ^/\E;[

M09&9$+8Q86SC[W$Q')O^J#$:-':#2X
F__T/+- ?F#8&10/SW_SOC4%LC#HA



MSKL]L$[7QGU::Y]$X)%+Z3*$K

F

MXW8!!J?_2^/6//^$F7!Q)1($/&K-&9CE9FP49OD/5I%XN5U;=F7(3N(^!U

X
ERZ@S



D
K\&3?GG17COY) 2R.B2*2]IQI0WTE9DQ&B


F.0\JE;@S31MSU?._2B\O4
MI$PL2BTK=Y5V?PNM+_]_A






XF6&JVX/DZT-0J]72WZ=M_S<:<DG8SY0P


77C0@'XZ
M&75FAY]#

M;.YN-KUK




M!K?Z0LK^N

MZ.YD0';B]UZ
RDZ^3H==:Z0K+K&+VR9N






M5E;)
T78
\S4

 -D4 X<!((#0HIYH0U5F
7D4=*






)K:FE(?
WEBN5QB?T27ZUPLK-

V7'EQK07?;.;/6IP8YVQQOKF[R9^F
W-QNMM
M\#;!-?KE%#5&SS43C.B'V!M



M2Z\J.$S!W5S;:4^]MUMT6YTP\3
-OMTHE*?\O$VH^7TG?M.OL'IY=:):UNRJ
MRV)1^/D=4JJ65B9KR7MXR1



M 15J7;Y

KR
MBM0CZ0^@TEFMTFO1^Y;H4;RRVH1?&[LFAM%98_UBFZ9:L2\39M5E%Y&U8G\
MQ5Y/D=:R]VW98RNK&Z?!C<L5.=LQYBXMG?EB_4ZMYI<(P.I2K8)JOM9/R6-


SNB6R\ZO+$IO-


+7H/+WIT975W5LYV\Z+\
M[+H9F5JQ+Q%FU657K=@?0K'+6K'7HO=-T1


M_4N$:G7YQ^KL]P?0_:I6_;7H?5/TU






KJ=KG=\%9_LF




KVG^=F$@?'#EP6FN
MY&18J;$%]X78 BQ]/6JT5A7F(^RKA7_$,:@+A9?]]WA(^FS9SROLN/(X

M$YPM2L+U\+W
*GT\1I)[?Y=.7_+24!&KNN$_RX6[O!2X5CA1E7J_L'4??+





M*$:I7./EV

D5O^*RQU7?/GS5
MHYD/A^G?HZ

7CD:-DTXH0KFOH$OL/ATU &7P*D9I6\!4


MOCQG4







M26670+








!SN774'IE2)I2TE1UL8#B
EJ0Y$_/#1-1IPDZ=N8$\;?B)%G&C28R?P,@@.43GF?;
MO,U6P8)UGCM^&%U?U(VL7 M3R&I8)UED

M*?.&V$'AZ$L7V9HL3%2_9HW'W9RG*29FBXU\VM.*WQ#-M'T1OS+J[X$LC








M/_C(L2^[6


DUW


M1A_
C8_<$E35

M# TYZ@IYF+


8^?.;3]A*6/S.3U1D59515=E6I/M




L:SQX?!#?97=;X'$&5HFQG+L83J ?A


MN'VNK+;1-6EMGSZK;=NSTJY+_EPV=.?$]K3

MD'8T4W

M8]+LLQ%IJ\3O.&4_Q7]E9M[ $.+.0@GIL9-1F K^)/J^7


]C96?+XFL05:K4_K[\EKMH^WL








3.2
Y

@#HSLBD7;D\X
M92H.TS6(ZDA @


M

FIF9WNTVN1E!

^-NVDS^R=-EHB

M]7J=^I4/QZ?#:=Z.-7#J=ZI4WTZ/AE.]7JAU.]4Z=ZT


MDP_&^P



#(
M.\#(]V*E#HP\
/*GE\CW4&*[FXP\1%9O0+?7S:0NZJ Y]V=U%'T(4LUVG
_'


/*@S\-DQL7;B#&Q3R'E;C?E?BWSO\I





+DYLRSKH70%07T16)^CG_B!^(TBJ:
MFLNB-E-Y]
J8MR33DICD:UJO



[^DJN9U3^B
T


W/D569;FU2=1!W;30?!88K!L/HL]0*C1_N#GV#P

A9V'&;ZAZ5@=TTK 9VWF9V'EP$
@QUBY\%K
'@-


MR8.[X*.9NN4JSH?D@L^C$0RVU8YI!+MI8 WLO
WL?#\:P6YR\N JN(&K@%%

!I_!#K'SX#

]M46B=#!73XW:(G0=W
MP2TU@HV--\

V+;-=O]H](KF+)?]L'*%?FFU2N=Z0
M




MDH@.@
%N$P?FS/ER

MFT]IMM62UNYW3+9JI%T+E3'
NWDZ26NWY9A55*^6$/



&4J+EVJEG$T1?$ATU6R]8O:
O+5#AD-C

F#:F(;5Z:T.-S






CZ^+HR*&#G,'YX(7T


17]'A-O6\F-)L+U8:I18I


=OIV5



M9
D_4GTH3](EW\\:/*](EY\CVFQ*TAWY7U=&_Y4C(JS?\4OUF^CW/
7K7M?T
M5C4V/ U$G1

*R:\*5=]^^X


0-M'!IQH/D'.9[1!V93KW][R&(+?_\PMXDN46\

UM3E9)QOG
^+ B?9#U45)4PVFI-FDR;H6R!F \?1/
M.AQBF%OG&K,OF)\)=1EGC8'M ZN(-(QF84:A+A4XAEPGGB=PY=B*:PYF37*
M=W?244WFIEY;F\0?OA02Q==NA#Y83I9G$Z^0_UZG&+:]Q7V_\#GH?KA%#
4U


MOQO#FS8UER8KEF#%JL%U&5_%\
55[
7FU.52+-ZDN



97'$AH$R(CDV

.5;%3MV^05QX%&ZS/8!
M)'XR_I!F8&0\DG8DC:[ HP%+BFOMTFC4C5D
#

MAE36


91V*!
MTNZSPMPR*R%J
]6F.Z;DFGR7BVQUC9WV:O.2W*2=DKF!*IGZ[YYGQ16]O&.3
M6EN1C :HQ*+BLMZW9N
][/C*Y\7 K(_CQ.80*1/M@HPX:%JEWJ=FOKCF]7

S-
M19;9:RQ($Z*7TH5$C]!7Y@+EEO:?-(SAI)B\@4')E]0(^1M7HO!ZYXS/T%K7






MYU


MA@KC=.H(6R A*/YX2WW,KUF4=0M&RM!RK%1:9OL(/;23RGJ5H1SULQ!!-,X
M-Y[/#4B82 (T5GSCM92:8U H


M4:S7'#HV[%PY+XD^1[K\-&7&4560I)L%]QI'+X+O);$:$D&SF*MB-3%$Y(5!


M92H@?YPN6!CY MD/*)
.'7I,Z^BIN
M(+8[;GU\JXWH_XB38D0_RW1Y8)@&W:7Z:D94#4MJJ^*\%M)M668TVG10%16
M\W16*[RI


C

2]2Y&P

[:Z




YF&MD^]+N=H_[GKTC
M-96]FR^E=.U)])+U=9\=M^4

7.NWEY/,LQ1W!E3I*Z<
+*;1[G.
/:[%.V
MUE2!D:Q'[T]:!R1'6P@='NS+@*7)K[W3'W0F[/]3?^-328E\L/FO-TNWF9 )
M:5PYA_6U:CHH[BOOK]8V#A

8E%F$KB*O#=##DC=\H9

(

G
YNT=I6A'?3(


OBFR8N<W;&<)!:O6A





M++:
MG853B9$F6'?M5^%?!DK4[#.7-^!K8 R[M^BMC' J1C;9 SQ9E5.C77OF.F
M;F! @ A



MSQS:4[#CG%J$'-5]ZQ9%B/W#).SV! Z.QV?_D$22 _IKQ(C7
- NN6VW$LN[



C_S=6N%NL5%L9=(#CUC3=+T






[5O7


M\**L# -7

C;IXM
404\VBHR H=



&AZP/3H##
JUV-TTG3*U
M+9(DNY/IWG$M)&TRENM1BKRR19$;W[651CWDW]$?CSH3*\U^F;)A%;VN[[


A7G-O)JV]/*Z <


TFUFOWLY
MM_FJH;-)[R@+Y?($FS[L]';LM&Y79.@:+Q;:2W,*?=^G,'8V!M'@4%IG10











M_'J3L&VMHNN5W;XQ1=R:%E##5*'O0EUQS0X%2KB+AB
!')I'DKB3A#[&1+


NG@TRIZ363KJX


M





M2@?WRY4YC&A0U=K9C@/S7&$]
:;=AMDSD

YZ@M*FB@9XU



M'^Q7QA


M[!.G]R%6'PC?_$[;;A&O0J.E6ML61J/Q#1@8Z@.H';C7'.218@2K/IV8]++W


L4M[%15

K
BRLDQ(QZP)50TTE#Y0F#@P$$O5AX



MB0Z.)%\[Z$Q4&9FA&E3HF9*HX=F#(%,R,R%!T; 3:N[4:3JA
/9A9IX8]B



C(K

8@&3U^M#^GCK/#HCNQV@N
*B9J*.).PVJV*%'J=PD49^(1W

]C

J:6TD7@I0K([+=#:38AD\ :5M
M1&*Z9GK^NR&-?A
L\LA'S0H$]1(+BFRA6]J0NSW6Q96;:%L$^_7PDVMI9BS;
M TR@5@Q4EN@AF4O?8*T2.ZE_)L*Y;@Z(Q_=WX% \E=+%#G-N_QE@9CLP\K[+
M%V%+B=PU\-1@'+F-U^Y




M$?

+FE$IM2


5[GBWV%ZD0P;;5;5]6:@Z
MSQDM2M;9XSM?[XHD-Y!%'6%SN!,J/!H_=B;A$OO,&GU(J)$&C5)T'[2*7WPE
MEH#0+UU6W&C,V_'HATX6 @:4L)/3/W@]\&?-N)/UNKE[<C@^<%,J3DFI#FM

DXT?5LUO XUSDX#8OC]Z4PU

MG+0


MN*80S5/X3W-99)=WWJEQ!/M#GK






M(/L.O
A++/AL%)Q;VLI
G





KH]

M6&E?W(UTX'L
@[I\O


M&J74&A%

.^V
\H
L@8(=6)JT 6

=&!


@T&Q9;Q=(&&357A

UPK7;Q/9I55@L39BM&0I/;
)'JV=@
MFI

M&M.MY?W8?H@TAT0PE5YF.L;MN@9^E)2P1R=;NDD/

S$AWWVIBEXO<G(] N/









F[<6?'N7J^&QK



%?^BZP1'$-L$/YCM88$G.LW
M/B1A:=CKC[K7&VUY6/(?!#XW;-1'W:AYJI4\G


C'M['@CC;-H5HBK9.Y+OD9'T42@^@II\(9G;8C6W9#;EC



M'C/ /PO8

M)CEU%V SCU$+3Z_X''QJM\+\B=%U!WKRV;14YK]UL[.!WM'Q][8HRZ#1I'

M+?#]+VE5X?^6RW04O3'OT+.)&Y]&3^.RR*09ZS3ZT12T.['S@&&']QC;?Z:
M_L9
&?V;UE06:8:C6A?)6Y?:&(!)TS/V-^;BHI*S'&1#7LN1@'PNREY^6RLL



6G#O-^L&ZPFK;Q25V=4&]
&^1^=953#:




MZCD=CPOHT209FRPDAL!BBNYFU2@@:
]]=SR!MY4R!6[_I W2(H-6;;D6EBQX
M=)Z;M+=G#'GNH6BG!#4PZM*@@/

N&


MI(664V4J7F5[%87M$\4J=)99ZV4*R/L18^ K=/$TG;(#1OKJ299
\*9N&RNO
MQ5=)V=#K.2S@(*&MC_0NUDT'@'K6

M4B&GZCWE&FH5(0!.YX)[[GF(F[7]-IC9@$.03S
/8;_QKG8B.R;Y7+*_ $Y=
MLC#!J]$Y\3EL3\1.W=ZZ#ICR]XSC+!@Z.R0[@%:C&Y:]57VK6F.?@Y%26(A
MD^+WK O
FV

^UT\)U
M!V
JX$%!B9_Z G



@UQ!VY[KX
=2--




0Q


M
=I!=H


I9Z

6:0NDL;$\.&T2P429Y?:%$SIRP:D^!





M6'+8OBW9/AN#0;Z#% K#


M9IL
B%&PDFIUE]S


M_L?I+M

M9DMVWYK0KSE;6K


MR$C6V!3BL @^7!;9I21@22K:TB=V24:4I* PUI%FI+1S/_ISH69EW$Q'ZE*8

M$$CNNZ#*BO



7LW4NXGP]Y9MK.L[]80R4V
M\!P$V(L-K%EF^=LEE^* B(_(GY/7






_@4=
M-3(L8@31+_);#Q?]9JIE(=GZ[-D#<D%KP?[5:14G-9$_3U)[F3<
G$;HUD%


MW

M\]3

M2?(]NQZ!(&DP9*. MA8-NLOR;7I:P#^2MPIO S.2I*#JGT!TS



!:B)?L94DIBQ*;I;-*K !M^ :(5KM4]^!]LSP/;1$V) _C




R@@*W(60V$$SAZM=T/OM6L@Q(0E2&LPY^X?]
MSB8UXC^MW-$ET29M%MYUULYK88D,JFJ7ZG K,6EN]P,$9%PC#YSQ(1O)#@I
MFER\EX(534JUC:&@?X
%!EWG:-V83E\AG5R(_]XW71BA12Y3W0P^TR.ITNE_
M?07W]N%A7^N[5J;0P^MB)_LAV7C@JJTPT0GG!-'7P__H^_'9SL/_D]9\_J
MI03]9O#G+Q;BS[^%2R18]\GG7O8&^?QK40?G]KK=/][YW3_4S7\E(+QT0'=M
MMZ&H_Z8(W'FM9;G(F:*K+5V*QU:7+F(1EU6%5?7%&,.T=UKHKN'0W3WXWN



M;:%UPS-T[8G\O3*.CY7: QWO0

MSILW._\/AX;;PIN[1M=?$K*Q)Y^6-W?M?&\+;^X:77^*_\K

%:



M+3IOW_8$VPZN 0A!;'L+H(V512)8-B2H*EM?U7ZO_0W]3W$9E*R:=S24%%)=

MF_K*D#+VFD2-X;+YPU%TN']PPDSR
JF1&1 =/)(/1UV8YE'T(D_&KC(==7'I


=4
MGW+8FHW,ED+V)B;&#7*JK*'&84X@%C9K])N$

M(;5GHQ#;)5843D?





8^(





M'?TYHRON-D_Y#B8C904!S:VNI[UZT8Q2ZQ_ LY,8KDCG=Q;[^1ZSCZ;NM2



C*_% .I]1H?;=

0J9'_G32%@8;HM4FZY@X9/LNPZ

-&HM@XH!1I-JI11H ;5-G2%*DO;*+/@+PAW+CE+L.ER

MRFMZO.5.:ME\D8AS=#&L





M
?Y +D5_6


M$5?9E5AK

M6A



8YD
J1=(L9(NB
MHE(2LOKJ*[3HYJF&E_1(F-QGZS2FHUE+5?U-ZA)6K%!TCIZIBIQ?:EBHB%

^0;!J7!4HW)X5OENSGV-T'1&ARK8UB'%T
MME!$%3=N+5*ZR(NN&PNKPZ[F0I9OJ27R32W1=UY+= B:\QS#FRD=;R(DNE 7

/5;Q4'NX26AYO
MPLU2.6&\$!O-Y]R\EW &4?+;XTS.
8TD[*@U=U_ +WBN++0;BH-6\&N'$O#



3BK

M



M3D !(1^*B[E!^7\&75A@VI)
C+.Z'G&Y++:I :2; ()50H)[(+_P:I62%=


[


MU3QU83


M=)

M(ZPHGL?TG93]]J)*$2P2N;JC9+KNWC+=
M8)-]4 Q6$!1=46?XV =:Z!$I#N


MEL9_R?ZO5 ?WCCX*
2%*;5
*ZZ0H


6KE[C81N&/3(@5J^8E8J L[









;H* -
F(3:
M
/AS[XDD72K*KXNZ*2L
1

+75.VGJ0J9447O=K:8A

[3M

MAFHB@T@[ O!]=8RQ'G7$JSK
U0*F*V?4I%YJQG(J'A$.-)7P*BX8URU(MCS8
M]A8F
:W/M7VJ+H*J4O&J+5=5*E8!4W-(NR7LFX&NQC%H
(S4 #KK7;$T5Y
M 

:+5X4$:N;(UICCJ#M=JRDT3^;!4$G\



MQ)(4!6J&IJ







*BVSEB+FO.LC35I
VH%4(VW#%H



MBFNJ\Z6EV3A5FQ*_S1FQP+
V2\ /

M\I;K1S66@XF*+/


M8
HEEI#45M7'$P-8
HCOJ4\8F#*(TQYQ-[;@7@9

RH
/:$R2AN

M(S#/2EX?X==
RI;OESQLGDJJ=2WI[LI:5.G:ZK\L5NE18V3
MNLY)M8ZN_^*91MH8\0?
R@MA]*J:U
H!BN5Q[+KR'\/
%



Q?7-JD[O*131*+*?$8SGR)

&$FV0;NR
.
QDPNBFP?&])=(]-\7'877




/QH2_A8%AX*WH.7+S\3 S;!R]'03
BG

W2%

MFY:5
?;][.PVHK??6^N




MZE^P7Z0*W\2 X__^3S&CB4P=#[#AWZ/[PF+R_%_9=))%[R/X FS_!S=LFN
M2!%
4!%01TSM6I0CY'O_L/B^#JDIIJ_=[!LQ-OIRFGTBQZ3F-6-^SH29@ A=

'[/HGNFYELA;\RJ'B?]@YZ-A*M/K!7?DX]UN?L:J9NG1YSO<5Y-0UL


U9XJ:HUB9X



MDE/7%%!\B41&7K14

M92:^YQ

MNIG=&R0_'DN
.
& _SD7?WF?8\



M$0

M'^(\ZCEW+LAW0K6]8KIO5V'WEQ3:ET30'FS777IW=\C

0



MO&7

MC]4

$5M3AO


^#[*^#)
6]TPJYW
MNI5% &@B7H1Y/!87![W-2FXY&Z[-\;VV2S'VJIOXI@LO!NI.474?7GW)WDM6

T/7PW



# ^7









U5[^NO9Z?EFX^]R_^
7-Z+^F[0Z0\'O8X?3H8=

M!S#N#Z
1[_N^





 <XM[*SML/=!6SY^WS!W'T%]





(=X0(YP2!/1J8.V4-
M
Q\!

;#^S(@XMSO(4IE;4?65




AT=8


TW\1HUGOT8CC&&SJ\XPP'
!
!FA;<[(\F




MX4WN#@.GW^]UG
CO=WPO&G?&@_ZDXXS'D_YX
@K'HWL
;QI4
ZAV'.%-P\F&


]WCS#68K-E^
M
_/0'O0




$3/7#]H


&&L:P<#4UY@V/DHV-D9]6S7L+-AY^-@YYX[ G0V
MMRB:XJ\[(]L+5DRM*+Z((YY&!3HC<MYM+[K^.Z)MTXF]X!:/^Q+P'D_$.G^

M)W([C'O#3M2+QH

M#ZR_K:UUKP? W0]XQW/Z?L?WPE&'!:';Z;NCH#\9CD



MLN_#C[6/'[6/P
9%AA='/9.;TUO_&VUK0I@QSY=IOB6AFM3=O!/7;&
2I[PC
2
K;KAV8
M_6[73OL#;DR6


MD[B\0HK@AW$J2B_1
X[3


MOJ


M#Z?6^]


M9^3Y
#3 $# QPLIC_
$C_;%'3_1W7\)  -%6EL/_8'9%R4H2@
*:L8CC).*2
MO@6L@@_'?
J2B0U?7BGLPD+R2Y9'G23+Z
(E;8S+N)Q*9)MQAG=?*A!\])%-
MN/5/EH^S_)$US[.+&(6


@6
9)S=B<%Z4
3Y:6/SK'$:16J18



MA2T-S^0\Y



 -&7P.&CZ'VK'@D%]RW(4
B P@



+O MRKEDJM7Q!1@:Y2@T;(
=N


M44L
#51F+OZPGD/.BVR1A\*R2/6U'#AG#@^8
S6@4+Z5P$E4N[A7+
H(4BZR





M(OM%NXOJN H#SW


M%K=N)SC_&(.8+*J

M0Q6R4

WPLY9_W7#OLG1@I)NC*C/68^(
MAUIS^H$S[

O!!!=(\20FAQV(MJ'D255ZB3(O

):R SUZQ'&.'IPQ+AQKU0U8QI\!!EE+]A7)((D:%8Y=
C-X
.Y+@






OO/9
M'%Z!)XLJQ+?^S8H3,^N(OE6P?,+F)L0RG$N@K#[#PE:Z-K_3.[AW-FU.7
M-C#'0IH4-VF9=@H,23'%Z0I,28(0XBI2 15WO)].Q\E1=; 3;Y4B0#/%[+:
M!8W

=*IQ)
]<E*X987EG^Q1)$.UX/O@(E6B[*NA1%A;X[@K;:F#&X#5+6
M@:\*GB1%5;BYAFPY4Q4
-#A&3!#XO&BLME%A: 0*#PL PP VRY=F!.10]
4
M[

M<) ^0Q2_!F +

' R
M0;GK;%
;P?HMQ'-)4FU[ (+2?I\]36
 7J182+ K(U347P9*T(-EF[
MH&/35YT)A@_@



MFY\US$



M^1*G%&M'C0






6;WI&==-I$0U@_19==I5W;)T




+)
@KHA8.4AU%1+&X\KJI
))D2#YN%T7;G-JTY%[8!H03VJ
M6EH;H]0
_LT1SW51

#B6DJF'#1/FP&/!S\;/_. 6U7X7M3/T&_KM[1K3N(C


M.ZL&[Q6/$YOL)I%HT%;=,_1F6PO&@[_BMD& H64#_88+6Y]FCH:W;.*ME:



M1)X69KDH0I\O\GE6\.I

%:._SG
O3\YC-




6K3'9M735%-W

MQ18$W = 
]MYS7:^Y[F5C+MF.X]C.XUT'M5V&ND\JNTTTGE4V]DFG3LPV?\6

2BP3B


M@0F]KN][0X
)!A






L #KMOE)V9Q%7\0 (R9XU;LS=6T=T;

3=IXOY6DOB+F^:


*P9Z 1S \$Q$WYS/
H^9\AGG4
M


SP\







UL4'*G^
M@?%)ED?6*Y;/8$?*%;+3&C.3U@8)W%Y9259R$IX09Q:'V$'WK-% OO[-LO+
MJ?6Y1DLB777O

NCVE8V


2N=08K
M7T.7

MT69VK4]IQ'

@+( &/A-G
J_



FYI(JZ9(30MJX^1M0%C #)B8L2

MIV4\B\
\&\? 3OA\CB$!%%(;7UCF#+8


FM
M8=?[T;:B97$8(3
+9A4(JTE*B_2

MK@1E)58A%NLRA]]V(I1\D 


-M1<@2@D3GR7\*PRP %%*8&] -Q'=%O#;

M$OQ^!M.')6L_0L9I_JZ-&9NLQZ)L3M


!F]BU?I_&\%K]+?C^
*B8:P6V;175HLV4 J@FH<]BJ&8<*RB4.P\7$6
MV9+[0!+5\_)I$O*68;/)!%4V&52 ;F!-S#


M70D!?4J1G6)?/D134XT?PKQK.6 L?\1'

MHZ
S3MH4YJIJT7;K?_X6N


J:-QGL6HSY1:0H4&/YF2!BBM


M]A'8&.0#*/5

P!?[WT=_B
M__3^






M3FD%]%YIWXR[F#0&SH^63FR/$].25I 76$!+15?B_]?C=PW-'06?_(QM]O


@:4#R]K3R
M7'O@^@8D'Q0D[\R8-YA@
.'VM'KL.G:_[STY)+M7_=_%K='9XW/RC[ZBQG

-/X)H^V4:XERDF
M=+ 1[L

MO]V5A-YIE'


/+

W'(


O.6_%*^S8/OHVPQ3OCW

UCF
MU=\+_'F
60:KS*P^(9;N&@K+N%G/.$7XDOL/YS*
X:KX@6.?YG$N
/+;?G



C




(Z26,ZZKR6CI7DR0DETIP978V?#T1R'H'8N@&(!E!O@9@FQ:)V&(J(IS
M?@^_#V



MY7;[/S9&GR/]A=JQA?'#$AA0YWFO.VC^1KVA374=


M6N+KZ;5Y[I5TZ3*5+4K274*/C]OFN&G46TO%RN_F61&C7G@J%
0%?W891^44

M-LYY9PQ\\Z7#)K4IRRY9%?%HY\:*]Y(RMNN?3*YX[73_D0(4F0T/!6.'CZ&
M,V8',E-KF;-_S[Z6_R?WG^& 
!DH0*(H+6)]LH_?F+/VW;XN)1-98T((QD-


:+A6Z(U-*@.X4 8PO#(K


-BR18).
3P\


T:'U\NV1?


MP5K/83-#

M=FJ]^^WTPV^O3W^WWKVR/IQ^_/3KV4=+EI4+1MA.GMWNDC@/]G3E*\9'L(SP

MY^75

9Y1U91!T5!2E:#-&!R3($SUTX/O)E$&BW-H60^

M-)9$+DOF.1
@$HPRCO-(3!:GHR$5T@F66FHL$X-G%NP5(Q)PBLVQK+U'B
MEG.;@5VYF%D%6:[U#.O)T5PI9(] 99WC[\A@1GFVDR%7Z&_7/T.?!7@+_W)
MI



C#'B1FT8B1AP !!CY'5#@

K.@OX72TZL=(:C/X

.H.



Y0S +YH



/GNJAIEGGK8)N2YWT<N%F8
MPY6[O&ZLEM!LTSL2MI!O^[ZG!2'6CVI;B[E8J6^[;LMO5B!O* B*Y;6(:?#A
M-7/6S.LEVJ96T.VMTJN&9

MI



\OQ
M-L:U$;1QEG(

&E2@2EJ[[_OK_57A5.28QR^HS(2!B]KB


?M/:/*K
?N





)A@
.$P
:'7=7I^SV#'6#PUVZ?3BY






M_KQQ9_5!S-QMSMR@M4'KNPP!##SGX=IV'C]4'UD[+H
)QX\)KMWW ]L9/-RY


H;W8+X




:U@]OM18%F$]^2PJL9+\HLBC94CU1R*MRNFY(VPJ
M6_UO=]R:)3#(LV2\ O/-##/LVI40TB78__$10_O=SQY:.@IHW4_)!IAXLB


-QOBR Q98P3U9E\@-
MV.)(.X69[Z#+*6?AC*\VQU

MPX


]0RDIJ#F
M=6W.DJSB&0


MI$E5
. JE$L@XX(!CIPMK1@-8#0W1*OJ**P\\)D(!ULSPS8@1T@!;BV'H=
M)/D? X5J#B'
 %.@X ADB%)/H'O+];4%T@:'V: 
X'VA34;FW_5-H??6@:.#

D!P3[*48M6Y3]^
M8B^WK7 _=<*:GD0U* T#@5WP49H#UEPD8&%)@&CI1XT!%H!S@_9\8_PKK2F?
M%T\AH )!X&( ?9)#&:;H!Y/(Z3,.%9F!




2S)86TN9BB)[9 '+RLO%+$V%3P$EM#
MZU0.*BDBBBZI4:T$J\+2?.&=4$;J/!#5@?F\(


MR0*6JH6=G17\C-&C3'X$^C-








SJT<B5U)=0^6OJ





&R==^_ATJ'
M/R F#+?E74VVM_R
I5K)B_

M'Y

K/_2^?KT/D(M^\G*0^3X:K(=IJE,05;9+M^Y
MJ.QCDL:IIWO3[Q[HZ5?]3.6
?#R;EZV=









M.Z0M#;R\![P


MZ'UF9FNBF_X]5

MDH7V



D[HR6A9J)&*OD;:^SPS
M.D^*WB

M=X2M;]!GF55)2F.MFPDX\$.IY3!X.CQ=CK3#LMW/' A?:F&:E] =T(^%U1+O


M*IP4);:L$SK

-^
$3DGISM9F'@P'E(! @MQHK*J*
:T2R/\CG@TNI_2PWPZ (^
M7*0
F1-'&/&&J@'E&\GAZ2#ZJWPIUD+*


MQ]
-3J#D2/=%;;0 . /XY'.NC+$VR%</;']D:O!4%*RDDHZO



M9GE97;+X2

M9+^699N@@N

?.R/K[VAO2:FG

M-
1MR!+PC(.-2J[4609





4:2KA(9*].I#
M





C WG!


S#



1;(]&
63

1HWD]\


M!@NV U(+)I/L'
.


.$ '2;4%*=A9P85;AZ&(!A5%
MFW/1_V&:[@)2

MT MYMEVSA)2B@12KQ






$ M\:YB&TIPVBO?22RV-#])I?R2O]([^[0JUK[7A-0H0.


-[6!-7

MLFU5KRP
O]&Z96\7@KN2JSM;TB9EJ;.






M

@*5M@T0K95FM\77*
Y*^
6.Z*




S


MBHW7'3**TJO3+1CKRS.T;D2*(UADR1D5$NHD7^)#F=3AM(R4:-OI6!FBI; C









%IWZE:$CS_UD9DH@0O/9)#DL&ED?AN

=TO%N^/HQ[&/=#



M\$AQZ84JCV AY&V1M[FTZ5M8] [(-K#!G;+!6UZ60B5C$89_!
5/+RWQ^R?.
MBH$_?G3^L(PQ

]N@S2ISN\

MCZ?]OAU[P(0!$P9






MQO5M.**L@%D$VR29QL(0 (_XZB*I9MIOHY.1]LOAX4?@EO\N$V 98*Z









M_3[C&6!\\06^710)0G\

M-7M!2 _:);\(J,G0S#[5C@5ZIYFOJCI57=*BA4LQS:-H*UM,]UBUD2SK0+
MTE=)%A9XJVY[5)1^Y+XH!66@PY*EO-QM&E[!=I;=4[Y[BQ13)%SCKJ#(DQ05
M\56
LX-/:$E 7W#2YO F/0QD+-$*6
Z7*9.&#-@F?Q'KCC2TXN@Y
#9R
(+P



M6-

MNN!IBG]?VE(7;K23&8V@/29X'



MI@90I;@=M0DO.B9%Q]^5PJLZ0+B2S29%M#9$E%X)+S0Y--&D]YTI0X@^ !&H
MBB18U@



E! ?+BG

M#.&PS LEK
)SR- 1[*98&@L6^1@WIB*O*[(0URR4D=7N2 944IW5L2 'A'


M 12U $300
P=S#;J
%UU#
M=X?;NL!@Q4MF$UA%


MQ[7V:S91'25H*R08()
'9&4-/Z(+

M$OT4Q( 
=




[+UA:WNT)D,-AS_(4O90Y0#5@UPA@(E5Q\
2$




$@(_2NU3\D*Q5:=OCE




%+9_5V4E4H]3
MVA^VO[Z;T=68TG? J*)0P9@


MS9-
1$^$L=.U;(DW
94E)%QM2[IH&?
%T2&7K(I1^);5GI12JC,CR@B8#@







MD=Q9$Y(KS






V/J8&A[

RQ$.

ME*]NHSL?BL%) ND[D69]3_@&F+/EU?M!G\:#E*N#YA)8(2H-1M!-%&.0GN6W



18G
4X^ BPJAWKVC$@(&ZO
MO
\K80+#8D9B+_*HC9J-@7]2HZ9X2[
T0SMI;2FWS/J/\'ZH@L7TL T/OTI*
R?9#B8OMDGE0$%;]C
MC0*#PR#D]3+YX!*Z^:*!(9KFRN/5TRF.\5D:EACO84SQUE9%4LA+X9V5'#<

LRWD0L9LI!^# 7#\90TYKP8\ 58Y1T(98'*%A++1JD#
MU+4

?Z






MV7&Q-\4BB?QY@
MH&(RV5;PL;VW;U 0J5-FFS[I5:SW6%0H!ZAR.1%_CO)9:*J$1&
Y((/DC5

MX R5

D _'!
M+6Q5VKDA$1A'*(O-N/

MJF



 )RI

M'29[


:I


 +Z;!5@6L1:KTEBN1Q2&3 IUYX2\/+&I
MM_M%$/0R[5R2O7-IU1PEQ.^4^K?]B3$)G
*-
?AR9'F818?L;#YXK![\/%5
MW9K@AN.U;


M-?-IKS:*M7510TTQ6DOK@;5NU7\+EN6
BP/[]4S7GF^5EZODWGJ;%M=
BJ#+
M+UJ9$5@8SC1;91+)^U$W#+;4E+9@28093W*LXL VCK55+JLV5+86/L LH7Q9
_QQO
ECE:=&Y<Q0G(HQ;6G \8SK1


93#9A?[OR(-
MMFD]X[B83&3FS)FL$Z*P0-8'$15=:<9B1LW5,PUM: 4?T3\
=):270S!37L






16 M#A7OR*+B\)]@P
M
LT!&FY*M2:^/J#@ I[B J#Q? -%L. 0


J@KZAW/$L-(NC?FL$K[$%9Y


_U?11-YL
MJ

3^I PGFI]Q2JV&Y:FUDY8Z@CV





$UP9Z1](%;J/)_(
MV\*)=Y!S\J[ATS1T]9 Z-XT25)1T*R?=-*@M!!2T4#
&(QEO1%-F= TC)/JB
M

MKULH+N]:IE*+%W7=QUJ(3YKW\8G77V4IFI9
JR9I3M]/.XSIG_O0#@#$6+*7





R-QW!?YV*68T51VC+D:F-+IUN4F\%)-DQ.F(+


7HCV[&FOGT?I1A==^1.O+%Y





M3V+
8W;K7%H2XH@-/1F99F'
M<V+HJTE!_82@;&0EQM[T]W;09XV]PS4!<_+9^*FHBLO9KN6B_-(\(

MZ%)@6T=#
%

*Z\%-DE
L<4&PDOQ&J3MT3\<&HS2[
M='0_$MX


6XC


M\_M?




17%:D325






;5^U^.)^\^G]E_


[8B



-Y7L_D?O[Q)/]E H\_0SJMWDP^O#LWWGW_[^N[TM?/^[$^;




;W Y-;XX.7X
F;TMAQP
M:*LF^ZY5TW64^ [U].B




[#GU^\-+!VX.&T.QCW7P;$.V1F*
#


M'84.
Y@U





X#PMT)PJUJA/.#
MJ36.W+$13SS3@

1R
M=1HQ8VQ/7#\R+4!V%ZQ3S](MZR',TWL0JUY!U!#T_4%!\2$.:0V@^V@V!BT
M$\=BCNN&QC1TJ

DX\6JZTT-
MZ2R/S!!5




^'\C_#]KV\EQ


M$1N+F

M$![H2QAU*
A^4RC\TC8.;3\
'
8#8S+FEN'XDXD1V&/+X-SS0S]V6!2&&!RP

M?^)$D3-Q3$H
]5Q]XO4O


[
IS)E!LL#B
C&$\X
ML\:A8]I8PTP?#P#7*_-SWXJ4B9J\V\W/^Z?3K8(*/:#:DT?A&#XZ1?9@E8D'
MS74CS=6Y

-SF0=&N6N



MMMP7&F[&5:O[#YJUF&X

MQ&






34G8S\*/#!C
MS8.7ONY-A^MC^V2I[EL
]1681R#
D99D83[G6L6^#A'31VN:JM4\IL4\95];



PH/

M_KH?B_AKF3S/DO2?!U6QY.NZH

M:SC


B1%LF!H


MC[552\+#*BW);\XZ^K8-:

T7
8*%E&9$[
M=2TKL*






M.)



MPMT0CKT&W7[E%:

IRO










M]N'CZU\/3X_A@9USE
 OH6DJH)_TQMH39+JS994K72%4('TBU2;

V6+DC]7



9XI1E5QC#%5*+T


7!O



MI'5/E^4UX






M@B?MLV629=ZTHR#%6JR K(L@%P!%[L\FZ 7&CPH$2
6A-(UGD$9 A@LG!
MN

M;



M'7K)'0@E!1C&*00J!=J9@3M#-S;;5U;82J34S
[Z

MF@#3C(#PCH%U







N\






H;(


MJ PNB @T*6^8X#;'THF9/6OAWLA5P7B;XL2MC02]Z/5/)BD^;






54CEW(Z?CMSH76\PW;S.KM[5


F*W(B/M'(Z*XOVO
MYAG9V#PHE.@





BJF+W+YC#*IA?WR6[[Z]U]]


MGHS=((Z[G?1W2.5&&AW1Q&S/J\0[KD')^
N'2#^T3_J4WEJW


M


MS[^SUP=_?-AYC]=Y__OGG?=;;+=\?_ !K_WGY\M5(SM__;O_YI=_OW_-_O?]


7C=(D662$G1&]TKS2O-+\

-B'.NT30KJ;MVZ=3@5Z!7H'^



4(_B[8_=OU3](W

M4SKOL*3!

M^%6MMT^MST/^Z

1\*CG.H&E1ZXI5M=Z2B/_:%;EN




M


_$&

MBRW XCQV[YW-/J4 
I4S@X.

NH*^!: KAY2
RS%+@5

5YBK
59BK



.CHV$9

%D'2XB@7+O
;20V.L83U\)\@]6W./SJCW0\6^5K



M&YO2=A6OIZ!7-5#50%4#CY$K&K@WM7 15? )LSH0HX+Y6K-EEP1I;CL2*1
M
6E\36]L







R4#%%E)UA5X2V

7)D.?1AU.NP]ZJ-T#'*ZXFGB_MM[5)Z$DLTCV
M8(6DWIADB34^
:^4RK$YN_2N9:[-A?=.)N.)&Y3YJD6L-T+YSF(1*U/$I9P4


GL22*Z@2
E%8P5C!6
MP2C8YJ3

:D450FS_ ?CA9(=!6
K0#C
MPBXIYR5C*H)P94V8AQL!&R5E;)&*6F:6
3N6A$5S)1V5C96-EX.S:B!TV)

6$YB3KFRL0UL7*RL-BG$8!6@5E

) F.CB/3.;&@T!EA7D??%!^:L^)#

MV&03I& SB
0H.*HH:$


N-?+\Z
MR&)25N?P1L[AGXOQ+TXT2RIX$(QK$


M&QV35?





=2X0LQ


Z
M$X?^40J9




'T9\H:
Q_33IUZ<'.)=XTW-;E *',O





W?'/UO

WA[OOX]'KH__M

M(+@@X((($'UF

MD&S,Y%9%8DBD649=:,)])DF,%43/)8F^'RN7*21I;-^DI(#D)J!5ZI!-EX


QEV1@E)%7K]

M

DJMK5LX-:

M+#07/E #O-FFQ:D#(Y0&)M%H##H$E?S&)N6R*Y;2TF\]6[C6QM5K KYEAD(K
M^.X??/
(J5-66/P?2!]L\8LM.&8RT$A(I-X&P\LQUI1TC545?!5\3QM\RXS\



MFT;QX

L:.+0;=?1@#$N
M@U7!F*BE3CXCQ%E72M:ZUBJM9%$[.W55TJV:UUY)=Q^DF_OI@6@GF300E:0@



)B0JTYQ%)IPP8


1H
)P)D


MIT'*O4G%]@VPO7.P59!]=H2H
\7=ZCK]H0PY1H=TJO0 AHP$K(@.2B9**
[B?&:H[9B&:PS80S#KQU




M

MKFZ(ZD!G


M*0%


M]:W$OA&Q?U]TV3U1N?35!T



_UQT
MVZU(R;I


MEH-Q

M@H-SUU]S991G%D+@N9S]E

MRLIII:)+=

LQP%:*M

M:9'0VF-=0J^6*%7LU7S\?;KIHY


M _#$M(F!$T-TTZ;)\JN5^]5@7+FL?FM/0SX83ER_X^+[D_&D:9S9CJR^'XYB


K@YLK@PV+T0(JDDR 9
M2D-50

M5
ZVA+.+K0FCX9XK1K]&!#99[9&
6HZ'PX=)XN9 NYMB%Z*H<ZI*U 4
DVM


M+:'#E;#3VMK\]#=WVJ27#H9;X3\GO5%DPV-M,GI;WTWF&P-XDO\[7%Y2S74
M;F2H;2^&!YF1WJ!Q#29G55I9!W!)&).1)U-




MR?_[HG

%U)KK;T?\3X[%I43S[9

IR7W555I4

RY00H0K]0&R:VFK

M?RP/=;\W:J!PBC%WH-5_JQA76=;-_0L9(Q^Q;4=[^7GS=)6*^U&5MKKTV

M

M!V&S;-=\#2LVV]ILXX]T/%OHO5PI?GN*AT7?W E"4D$(A6A%*BCP1J*E\Z,
MU9(2G4+<V-3D6M?\7A,HZUFY^=CAW8JZU?+**^3N#7(+7CE72KM@P!LK08C,
MP0O#@1F6DM9!6\N7::I6U%74M1AU2_+**^KNW6+36U-0.7$+!A)T)Z+/H'!
MM03+6*1&:*5HJ*A[8*\\]L;'?7=:IC9](]&_\F^M4U%+*6X3JT$-@3K#3SJ]



MQZX7:ZW$.OG@9TM;$7TC1+^\T
2468;+%=#9+JWWB9?@E+3XHTS)46-D]HAH








MU-/FWV.=%EK1N$PTSL
 P@8EJ$


MC5YH?JYJX&YJX


!/ 99%C--X94LZ:




M)AD*'I%*B!*)ZN:L5M8UUT#T$3?(5GY6?JX*/^\A$E'YV2)^+L0?$I56&^F!

L-!J5D8I@[I\F-
MVE$OL6[X%Q+1+IS-@3F1##'.<$\<(Y:3F%-^NWWGG<374W]K\MR-1J<X=?]V
M_9.*^YOA/EPH@A

RHH;C(/GM(HHLV6IYRL
M<\I;%X(,C=J[VS:/JO;N7^V]6PQN<&:3L5Z5)F#*-E 9[

;096& D1)E



MW7VQM1AJMS[8Z'P JH( 89D%[SPK!S.)$!2C


MVC5J&?NKUA/J+2I(:FTQX^YP $W58F_P$9_LWH7#TFY7N;B
SI3U^D_O^C4B

=%<\*1XH YZ)+ZTN$_C@#(J8\9PS0=#V=ADHFM9;?M6]5_5?U7_/6G]


M
V4-I/93:F**1SBPT@6E


*O-Z[_!.?'P_[))/TTDSORY;]9C860




[
M[-]'NR_^?8CVW]\[^#<[+S[0-_@_M?%[L%AQK&<[KQX_993IX@7##PM)]%I
ME\!0YB&ES (3)M
@I_9[;W2XE8QNDW6*7@N\3\G4O3.286_U*;;)/2&YV$









.Z




MGPZ\7YSS


M
35FR!C?.




CZHPORT
ST?+QE_./2M_-XB!9B)YZ
RJ :^[ WZ9979R+5.YH:
MKM\SBT4&SD5V/!=D7

UM



/.N\F
YX[I6

3H:H
M



M7QQB8_9Z]-5*D+$QL(;]2]9F]XK+D?I3?[\8/M/88C-MD\




M)4HT-307QG11!MP$[=[CF00
TKOAI(=_@;[
==XD'CU












M9U::

.TV;-?FF^H?
MD;7#X864DQ))4^.]4B:


^X
M%$81XQV1D041TDR.GY#*BNVOM/Z?T?V7FSC[\/GW8/M4T28CIJYQ0J):=

I2VD-M4&@
^AHCBI1ZT5@*7I3
MU_D!UOEO-$.(B%%&*H%ZB^M
A 



MC!(?[^3A;A;YGHL
R
BYU#@6$@E


YU(





&-HJCA)Q^-I_[1B/$JX5Y((





-Z^GS
7[HV
#X]
MNRGP534/&,\_WZJ9 M\.1]O#J9W$::_^5HG/+TV6,G-U^S 0&S1W$L8VM24
M*R+MP8$6E(2@L:6%=^L(R[



M/E(8;6].[YFJOT:^*H&N:F2'B=!H:/.7?;W(LSO-Z$M-.B4 I.KZ9&IF@M9Q
H;-2E5EK_937R()OLB2\HA=YFG\S)YD%
M-N6&EW?K)BG/]

=_W


M=HGYUBR
N)RI.J!BEO#IJN@N$O1:D^;$3F:D6F?Y42!LHP 2GAXTYU?+C[E#



M3UK_

Z'5_USN=L
XE3(FT*U
M?S_O]FE.6106_9MO\AK9]

OT1W



M?.N?]L(D7.VSD[U


S]P_U^^?6
M:;/H0<*S=9V. 6KI#O+S3F]ZP85'ZN?!6&O<=E*)SU].N^$-AV'%.]-L'7G
MH3I8.*DB5NJH&#=8@8[S6F%FI-*4OVU+GS*:?_J3?HA#_/;@PO;']V]O8%
M^/'4&LT*'5 R


[1(1;


MD3(\(E)0;)SFG!:IS$A?





MS.Y\]:'_ 

XG915/S#FNG'0/Y


#K?-AD\=W-ARE<N8J



MTLW67P!U*$%OJS2XCT)9-@^F9]D'NVI+/)^Z;A*'E



H=3Z_4$@XIQ&7GB$K8X' ]C!.2;Y1
R]1*^R;WQ?+U$NP'SA1D='#0\*


XL([@VP
!JN?KQ
M*-19HMF


2C?)4%QX7V-
H_(-RXS7+

M5U8H[RD)3


Q^0Q=R#R584R
#$(^L$2 (1
M
GKSZC7'U_1YGZWX)5+7K^39_2'UQ^4ACWSI;'3.NKP68.#E.
HHA@KGMO
MP%P7#!EPHJ
.MJT$7
MFGC,:P)[W9JH$HNG3
%U&QO^1Q]

MY
L8H.+?7A_7<#=W7S(
ML#7P.[E3$@A!2@A]L:QD7W:WCPZ%PJE8C'F5#YLY<@JJY&3S%MC9(R^N)SE




M^8
)8



L
M);#.]US

M='G=G\&
TZ^?\8W*W

\
MSVZX:BLUH)-6+6*R!L4OF06XP3+ TM+/.[G)E1O;AYERVL[E6Y2-^X_'ZS





MA'B9YW76XF
6ZJZUVDR+E=HM%W3







M36 [UG\HMS:IG






M__/RMGJR:;M9)*M/JD?=):\K





MG7(_G7*QH%/P(766%5YPY+6PB MFD5*:(
*]]5XZSPH!.D5LXD:G-#JET2F-
M3EDUG?(PE*

M@RQ

^2M\M:Z:NE&'\E05@QN[72O1^

A2-0:/4D+W8,RWLU,5;E'3BL=E*)6DG3<?CFCHB

*KS:?/5@^/Q?
?_/XR/R[U. LN1[
MW C)F'8=& P N$&:]G9SA LWY^BZ2H?U8
=E?MH? %WK@RB
:U#;4W/ 5?

A/G7LFKVCV&VXU9*_E)Z2$,:VU^W70E@1Q5QD\FAT]ANX1_#X







WW\VUFY35\V*DQ1K53-Q)5QHS?+'%GE
RMV61&

PGN8X?-W1V7?K%A(U;YFY[AM@$KA/B22X'OELMC+D

I7#G8DL817ITST_3L..2)
)4LAR_=\:3B


Y:!:TP&@


1V%Q@V[R:D:@N


^F$.[%*]BHK\T-BY9\; $OAKA3GA-6[\BKED U89 N1
MU8606-W@HS26$J)O)(NG\@N6;
NO-R&3GCT%A?4E
Z&!'W*?CIB8*AR)EL+8

M
/D!% KC#G&M#/Q42&2IB)XP4:A([Y6T\\2+^CZ)ZF[\






VQY-(@[KT$&UAJ9**Q



M@76#P^60@.+



=KI3C_TSS=;HN
M/)';?[_HTW


MAGN+'$EECEZG
D?L$=9.%)KI@A7QU6M!R*98N7#N2H+0:AX!-HCW$(AGP$Y5

M:1Q\$7V4W +B8;99-(C7(-[+1CQ'(F428ZT\YY09@YG&U'CFE?:&Z:]PWAO$





O

!?)QB':

CZR

MB+?LE .P::4H0RXPC[AT$FD?%7*888N)8.!V)
1KLH
:Q'OQB
=Y)-XZ$JRV
M

 266




 U4^3U?0\PZ?-

.8%U8TWOIJ M^R-4ZUI$0U)/GB!$O4O

M;P#OZ0'OT@DYLQ0[YY$L-$O\UT4JU;%(4&
]@77SD0'@%4U*T$KYXM\1J:2K

U*%E) M:OF\9OT(J/-HWW
M:1WQ+7TF&RZ65568;#DD\N'0Q43
IRB2VG+$E5#(2!61#DXR&2
W&CP$ML$Y
M7BNR[_MLRA4!M]4ZZ?O1L_'C!U O1*.W&[V]=GH;_%;0UUQZ'01/\3OEJ08/

&UM$R+A!.-0T8#!






S4&D_7X7U9?RN-&+UEEFU
M7/I&-OC-=#*L9Z74DODOE5J%-^V9TW'XN?[ABB^R.
GI!7UW?-HSYS]W!_G5

<&G_E#GC4[!G]76?8=P[8@:B&T2/$
MY-53&9[;C*T853:D8QL?$7(H]Z6H
TS2\+S /[J?0^MT..U-1N?(CH;=7AB-6_](.6[@)XS.(P^AW^V
M8,E:=A0B./2WO[CN.%Y]@_?-V3LR4Q/BHOB)6<6:X*&P433).HDG=X<ZU

;;H6VV

.[=2YVSCO;;_N=CV_@



L-8'NK^D[-G0Y!;B.=C<<YX\!S$PKE5D

MM!;A?C[APTSFFFK!PA5
<F2\E.(:86T
+^^\_4#;=R7GB^
BWL-V1'Z=/

GN ;YV.AGY:

%XDN8(






M
VMI:[;8XU6AD/\!=+I;B9K^HG



2U*!7!4:*LHDU6 V
&QX*BW1-S9LO5DB
M5






M+/V%D1SKO!#]$P=F]B?ZY9?R]=O]$JI5\X[[PX++;$VLDID!1Q; ID'!$(
M%#RH=FF]I&!I$*HW;\JUK#7+:=K-66_





M3#7=^!Y9IIN?]0G:P_+C3=^%8PA_E/


MC\XZ%[V3W=_V+RZ7E



ZP0


M^Y!M@8=:*Q:

ME-S5


MB-





2)+5(S
H:\DJZD&A7XV6B D]+YSD
MDD98H(@-P\03X8C7A8B


J/P]&G
!K_?_^E*)&_9-9B\!=*




!N#6Q!9M .XA &YN?NK( O:Z0#%ZAC@7$EFP1)'GDB15I03!



$ZQ $+B!N?6R0QN8


Q/N'9O!




MZ7E&#YH8Z3



%8;!)GJZ



M:RN6:L9QF[43Z-^UD#]/-TY0:-^OE_]S+VQ$+3%0:=F($J-T8QLBHPQ*A2

/C]


V\L=A_X8PH[<Z


QC#I/1!MXU?KNB]N]C=.SKK

M*N^



VDM6 ZMA/Q7EK?IF[(*
M.2EK=W) L BT8!@'''BPV%JAZZM-3CH2,P#'%PG!SI%EE)H954.[XYH++_

D<P'W[W^@^Q=;9P<G[LM^_\U99Z_3

E2CQ\*?H(D?O4:1 'DI4G?
M6M]
U0;-5T%$UP[-


1YX
A@35& Q2

\*;8FUTS]/=R#3

M3/:.0^O781^&==[JCENF=6IRIY
A_#BZ
7O
FY0NUC8C=US.$JTRPS;*Q#+3




M)K)YU6!NV6ZO!S]LMCX

+HD=$85DOD0.26*R^-MX43A=,L
M6.N9RD(G,:?JBM M2];[]/S=N#-(HPQ^$,;CO6$G3'XMATEFTH3HBQ.G]ODN
MJ+_VQ3N^N[U/.R?[AY3G 8*0B0 3T8'5)21,09-XX5'AQI!B[856GZG\W6
M(J8=FP1JPU13!F#9R@IF(^6TI@_SG_QTE$ I5@..%75=.9H%$(JP]Q($M4=

E/ X#&K)')O8OTLL

'4OWH=NY_#5: [


<6.HQ31:+J


M]X$=]C&]S?OR9?S;X2A-5*]K!FZ^RXH7M\D6#0LGDB; 6%K'HTV=&E**&B5(

AX'?@%][*0\)








M23!.HC;


M@IQSA@DKC)0:K%S*-J]V[9D+3KPNRCH/P4YG\;7:U:H5U'9P(84?6D0]J(9R
M*FA5*



?Y

SA*


MF+N#O\VHFR3C/;SBSXBVQ&)C54+@YD'?R)R'A7+B*M%*AX#MM/%N&%N35
M:[Q)Q=6#L21P]UOI(+2-ELA8J,#!0 5/TX-O$ZQU7N FY5^G)5.CF1DA8'U
M!

'



Y+D[^
P?R;4TEUARU0?4[[?CGVQF=
MKVKWZOC*/7[M:'D.V?N61#9$G#]94'T-W/5WO:A )7!*.'L
8AL :24D(0_


M#]ZN^!L9BU:C_(;\L!*+Q2E:]3J)'U7C_F@TRD\XF[W)+RTJ_F?5:AX?#P^^






\N1+81!'-8*6:U

M_(9JY151*.MCLS10V$#AMT%AX[
](AHN^&R*\T+9P)'&2B?*8H5LHK$'(-34


@.0R%ZK/Q.$Q





%5ET


MQ^T]QW8_=DX6*^([%SM\=^M04\J
8@Y9I4EJD:&0TIZC +XR5MY96.25;:.^





M:D0+HTD-2G)SW?+[K3@%GSRDQMC=H4_MI%UOZL-&RTY+QOG4





M0K;^^!D$Y
_Q3N5$TBJ'
/MA\MGC=[IF!V]H1OS;Q\$ WEC%D]-.[SSF[05.
M1MW8^*/KIGGH/ L?-;EBT+K8M^!*A^7MOW-?PX&\+4YO




M.@X:#Y'$7%Z]#F8Q

'8/&M&T=YM
M6^#[T*@[^G



2\FPON&I(SGPY)E
MDCZ'3V/S@ 2M

C\/(L:XRAC_]U8Q 


Y;W2D:74X)RQ0B(&XXE?LS4Z3.]L$35=W3E?K]Y=FCH3[^8I
M7)&S2H$]35E6$Z_B#V,3ZY]9'@;M04V(&O=!D^8/C_O.[IG7+G.Y-/U!NTZ

VJ7T603


MLB^DI=5A/X/G/W+$4ZUMU%9OGCP9YK)]_*\?[=6I\NWXTG?C15=
1:DQQ8(!
MZ4J@IEE.A?!2JIC 9J0QN6OC2[?8UO:[)NA*K
X19IWE;5!OV!WV :MS\+KA



+\#EC\PFRYC^:VK511T7RRZ

OH7;BK:5JP;['8=^E^8!1[ 78H
M$A1CQ(EGR 2/$8U2Z42T(
J @=HBTA3X*_W6OWW'R\@-Y06^*E5,IF4O1
M(!BHA+@3#CG,!&+!8^))TJKS
#?WR4-2!9<#

MIUM-JV5'QP**KP(4GY

M1)S+35'=DD^QE?1KA

MQ1ZT7NQY+-E5
U87X/*\M;$Z453C 2U&ZR*
UL_3SM  G#XZIA U*1NM'B/C
ME$%*2






M7$1Q4(&











M8ON?V]U&K.F\6-Y2EF8%\&9A_8ZD=]K=B Z;OPFME=2?

4)

MQ5S?\_:%-ORNV9;73Z!'#8N;!T67OMM@#Z(:^X]0[UU?@0?U6(IPUP][+O8;

MY4C!K

FP/'_1NW3$T#79TNA*M[\

]5[X@ZV%K3?+2W O(7DBW+]GT=[L

/_H\]D.
M_9@]B#
593%W6&N#M

_MG5]*$'[E

F4

B


6
MN9
!\WF:Y/%







 2.8P3HB3JF&A

1?/[*J8



MG\.T!=I2H/QN4$ZF;5C.G63$$Z2T)(@3*9$!LQ:)8*QAUE 8R[4-)5M4/T60

MB6EM@ZH6PZ9@XTLQ@E=PYX[LN[WMOAU/UG4WN#XY/AM#,Z'WLAUXK?Q?PFZ
M^1GW4UU,9[Y0W?ELF_@5[7DW[4EGO.,4R



LAA8Q!7
M$2

XGK*=5^U!==H'5.A#*RH['/;;;E1W2C7LS3W!MP<9

M\_G4SAA398-Z_6)PZJ%X85V_U?6=46B^
7?:-2$BZ-QJUP][+O8;:62D57]Y



M5

6WSG: H;263&HQ250)QCC[1A(+1&2!NXQ%[ENJ%K
^'/BH0U [\LEYM
M=CI9'K*

M_(KPE%@=VKQ-#SP%!+@-(A9GWPCW.Z%]6KO$A?J6P:@/=H)-$GWVZZAUA3.
M]&/'YB*5T++3?LX#')ZW,DK [;D]T.[V:6YIJSH[;/O#RD+3\C9?GQ3/X+F

M8&0R:7F*FFF.'P
ZKBEQ\?H@8OOOW7?'!\ZQZ Q/B%?$)=.(QNM0U$F*;#E
MRG[ML'7Y_W_$X!H@5Q59Q'F /S[:^R!YJSEHH(.?J!H1*
#_%=02CG(ATF8

M]U)W9-2^%]8 1G]IA[R#6_5-B8&1=7G]\*PIPB7E
ND(#)4'M(C#/9
BRP
M!!OEX%U-7@DFZ#KIV=KYY:J

8:YT

M]08 


M\6S
.@-B@Z#9/



(MM$GQM Z_/4[\IKQ* RUTD

;32\;1AX
A:%6&ZGF8VU1_%EV=^9BX=VB 1






G
MG%_H!PT8U([YG.=3041]I*CY3!DCN=Z[FGU/5$:CJ(2B$HI*6!Z5L(T
MGJ(27H1*V+FD29GBS&+D5;


1
M@SJAL\#ZG6']P[3WQW.)F8LDEZ+ B&OJ$9C^#.G(# 8-GR*5&:DT)?3MTM4H
M6DIP6LZB=P7^%K+[X;
BU#:9: L_;N O=&+'@8,'!)38#%^P*&;@<P#?%+OG6EE/!4?!<(.X3!19



MC(&8+-\.@P4#P:^9#)?,/ 9,7*TV






M8[6


L%H8 !J$A=0

M?

M!'!P:I$UP


QQAH)0
1\'@SJ./JXI7P+I
MCP/K^#]=Z^@?)N$J3\/;3_^9 <Q_-P[R;N*C-.HLF# #9


MW$@YY3%0*GKB%8HA1L2)4\@PQE'PC 



)A,Z%\2(GR% P:)5,@(V!4XMQ!D!]33IL < @*\* )<@/Z  X$(
M\.
% &HE.0M
(9%B9N]&(

M[E9?;&?4%-6SG4[OS'9]++D!JY


FQ!1P+

MXB=8P:#_[O P]DN
&KG.]?HC]^@703=6@UVF'ZA_U=S5GQJ]B<#+T1GEQP.3#
MYWI]?KX?Y[/-[: GEPF];CLZQG&*6OC96A%/][;V;%YH)UES'F-./7 !!B0
M *V)1
DS@F%H#:

RW(
M3[5Y8!PW446-L




M

B+-ZV;[=/Q]S4#E Y=#D]L^:4JHWSX








M;^W]7[?PSLG^
;3Z?/_H^.__?MV:WJ+)&A*\8@8Q*33BP3DO;(.!\5#C8Y
MH=8V!&M1

M&6TIXMIY!(-H$ 9=@9F
@CFWMB%)BS-25$51%455+*%POSA5\92)@$55/$15
M3&W2A4GRE

MWGDV%76?CH
C
W5#_02S=#D(313^77LP[+==3CNI$W2@-5-'?IAD(?PSIR6-


M B(4 \54C%



ME$_Z!3!1K3(\* !&(E$SFJ-K%&@P$95.1K&[Q%KUF/6*!QB6N(%W_#^
C%




]Q7$ADIK;(]5Z*XOV^

M






M?F^_KEG?-[ZZ1;ZR4_[*Q))VE+BD-42]%,2&EE,,$J.4R4IE]H+T$_K_GJ
MR*VF9WH)XG
%Q9=!1%\LBC_01U-0_'%0_-+;0I6@W@2.I#4!6$8DR
+X(.DI

MMK/H:N6FHJ)NHZ(^SY3W!
;'%(F(* E$ Q02TAIK!(30LR19XIX]F;MH-8
9



=6-_<-@^
MK3NY^B$[9E^^_[/W=_K7\G;?\); 6_S4K[!R.44WF';=CKG%?RHXOAI@W5X

M8?5V4/W4L_V03[YK]Z




05BY_
!LRY:32/R
%U!(()%
M&LL(/[BR




M(73LKKEZS6EOT

MF+CA;]\S1=M\A*G47TI;+-?









:=$K22:%B

M#QQQIQTR




2


M-4DAV* 83D#/N00L])9+9X3#5%DJ@B)7DS^:M(3I


;
M2
]F8%3V]+3?^P*&:C[XI\WN]@'TZR^V?S)H55M=OUXKJ
V4VITV3)G!.)\$
MSL!

]UY?43N#!+=

+7




M53:^L@OM)A
LGYD0 CO);


4::Q9#DQ3ZQ/&

44X

^A=@IOM7MIM8W-LSG2[D% [6(B-5M3ORY+-X_/=S0
!EG4B

M(&S)Q3G?1(PQC S7DN'7!*A1'

MWT=]@

MW]&/:B=Z+Z6VKZ'_P@%^'


@%#=71/:U=YDS




M#@-GNWOPG+WW=#O7\@)(H$9[+WG*BYX8RDE-R%)MD% QP2G%I'8YHY OJ!&
M9TYJQ9((*7#AD^..PD_&@-=['E,M$O=++RXB\71V'WWX8!*YXCW%!'A0$N(
MK%BQ3* T+


MUYW:ZP^2E8$K'E$4&#B-

#E&^#)%O?UT([WN6^&^]?

978..?JF[.(+KHO;U-@^AO]



/9.?K-MYY
M=\P__?7'R0Y]#\=_._ZTM\FVZ7NR__.5PN\GOYSL[_UQO/OK!WCG1P:6/X9W
0=

BS+<;QOC%:(,CKADI?)$ ?*;2'/QFQ22=TII
MT ?B.X5FEH4[U)(SV,J5TMJ]EY^+^[2Z8&N:.E!'@J1 &%@T0!UX\L@P*U'(
M^658<4J86-O0K6T*ON




T@C/*).T^0#2;D\EH.F;PQ&



M#7J==J@FW_LBF

MD-.!:1$=)2ZN;3!


0IQ)6(N&B19\E+PVEB+*QMRQS3Q$87TW75@F)

RQ]+:!N%B



JC%V4M1EF+\7 E5-9B
MK(0*FEJ+H3QW(C%$&


\LVU

M..1ABJ
LQE@AY;%]H3RB4M+A1%%(R0/-
!9983$BT5C#N54N)U01+-9Q8DL
M$Y58M9#(W&J,1Z,0937&BG(LAKC(6K@[VD.@37QG&F#G
T;[*60*W_$!R

A!@

MVYD^_W-O


MP=

MT;\)H_X9Z
9![#X9\#5!T5]Z_?&A?!UY=5*X=;;][N-!LB$1A6/.D:=Y;S2-
H$!.!P<%7EKU<7-D)M$;PPVS
^A5IZ/^

6CL:
M'O;Z\#5U4]J#W$8?\]O'$Q]^@W^&

39835(T5-!($UE(5L; II
W



MGP^$\1JK !P![#



!@

V<V?/!VH\S7WQC5S[TVU-:\+?7XP-HTNO7$O



'\Z)R#S0T2%Z(=




M0B[N3Q.RU$3$K?7(.@M@)!*PNV $=6)6N%$6[GH










D /(H
9L0)RPA+3!&PE.8C(EX1_/.392M\WE(:=6:YCX2\$!]



M!(:60*B*DLX

DWLP& R?:
3AQ93C@0TZ3)%.68MJI
M





_#Q3+B

5C0K^ZY]
M0UU!]

?.0=G'I_1I%.4\R+K%1=&V#B_6$/U&%


)WHAERB!!J4@!JB4D5TYGR2FNCTQHZ
+B&CB_T#
MK$$()VD.JB-CB&%LD)0X043:+'662J.]$:O/LF7 N8/F.
\H7ZV*J%\H5K68

D^T+?;Z]]?Y VP38F4P0TSA'S(<?2*D$

3KE<4GTU6[M)L*TO\V$ZFXZ$O?&*#8!PV;OG+$FY]V4XR



[!C/+G52YS30FB75.9B*]/AJDHXC'HPB9XE1HH8#5* K

$Q:BJD

DZIL #/F)C

M/K@ L40:I#C/D2
&*YDISN1W*(AT%'$Y15CIK*\KCKB0()I:(9'



A'^HM_!&;T2#&1^.95%WY//?
MP(+U)SOL?1X-IMXA&W\-6NOP
'CESBQ


MA



MR5)?$31\4%/IXE3G=J0

M

F%PK(TGB

N$:9==R R@AR9[*V
M



HNZ^^+&_'H_)'%NM]Q;_#\]V]3;J]


@R












M#9L$GC+_BX%UDQ=R.AF]K#X(U9;B)\I; L9^0P?RM+0OZC^\;

MAN'DA=\K4Y2G WG^HAB&70KOK40VD:WG)


%YM





MNK%B7\
VW



M7F8E[OA'QS\Z_O&4B?O9\8_$$IM(I7@N&)



M\T/\[;8O PZ5:Y



M# %Q8.-(HE/!US:R/IQN!WU/R'AY#[ZRQ]ZYQ5)*3R-*^WG#]TKC)4^L%!FA

M
6)53D!U

MMRE6EHG\EK;+3I!]!
WSH:YDOJ94*LSQ#,B/6^ZHY$IE($24J
METQA0U+0X8%8*.^@KX.^'QOZL+$R-2HS)%=,X ^85(CM015B7)ZV\#
SF/]


M29YT3O@N_NC'AKZ[=J'O%/C'1+V6V3)S69IK*A!.G4-
IAGB0F*4)AHS@#ZA

TJ,9LY183.)4M




@&%IT%/\.



M0
7IP/2&(Z L.['C$U@ ?\G/:F/OO9GMCAQ(_BGY&GI[!H?X:]4SL.^#?4

_A-?/)P;

M


90(PE.M
)4!SE7&4YP1FH QG)+
8KK8[S#!!H





=$<]RO@G< ?SU_-1H
+
SN
^@DXT/@
ML@ %FPU+_(&IXA




N8X4X@$(\I


KCOF(#@(1JZU97:G_RU.?_?]


J


M&/*9%#$!U3.YW]R2KXW5^.Y#

M^VHZ'L
?G[TJ$J



M.=ZO$Y8[8?D;HC+KA.7O Y6+SYVL_!6H/-?A4&5)RG)'D1(&^PJ2%
E
Y(@J
MH1FACE
?I5S_(:;VO&=F_=CMM\);?Q*H#-4F8(!A6 YX@Y4 %$




F689EE*O++*5TC=LTRRLV)R%*@7



7JDD].!3[B'60X&]KJMN2?GNU6
M 'Z?71X(=SJ$A;CI8' ._G2[P$+*6V_2=N/:




M/




9Q87.5
GEIX:TG*\

MCT$_*88!9$


MYGH&Z!Q





MU/;$1E*(=R@/%# S
E9H(/ISEW
Z/AV-_;Y$TD STO!&Z[#9GFP^%V8JO0E
Y_T53-!XL5BF8S:)IXEPZ:?\(R8OIWMKW_S<=J/
M_S\Y+.5M'O[;EI/%.6R./U7#U'?TUO/X?6K'0
5_%'H4KD'9;'0TX7D3\
0;
MQL()E4#H SFN[&

[@O'[]LMDQ

.9W8H$&.FF5'O*BH

UWU+3MREEHOR2;$Y46)3I9
MB5UA_\=  2Y6' TBV_P*EDFN/K1KB#H2% CSU:O.X

M@_
*B?[&D[^*Y+_-




M^)$





::3J



_




Y+EA

MP?=BZM&'UZ_\:P$DRTJ



COUO]GI\\25YZ\RAPE[CX



I5L/93V0ZY
M]QVARTD5-G]5U'P[FD*TW5_+:N]L7O40
T=
YO307\%Z#0OQ?<FR(:$UI,_&9]4












M#@4;IO+A@M]!8


'FD.:0YJ0J ,'?:M=
M;Q@LFWCB69#KV'KK5;AFER0RD=6FB]GFK8[CKG'OKH@7 EA[K^08R-9[HN%

M#-






MX0Q=.$








M)H1B;)I0C+^




'L%V



M)7-H-T

:R+\_ 5(
M1*UX5[N]%(<9=-^XI'H'9@0=4D1,.R;;&Y[@S3$^VT\H1B%64YB?6#O^J*A+
M6/E8CA=!@_2*0EUO%\4 W=Z)#; 89)4M;]_TENSH%HUJ8_2L^(=:):!C;LS




EM-Q,8H=?WKGH'964EOM=5]*^5PZF%D^1%S*24MLC6?*^:@

-Z[T.LG:&C56?A[H9EU@E(;97@RD%[/S7J870C



MQXU'$SLKM%BBTM32'583X^T
Y'I_1GEJQ1:
!2URNJ0N^\)S4$XM=R5
OR


MC5/\TES8FKEVZ;#/4&C=:^UBX9$&F
SGR +K^


Y[WMMQ4BTHM'U0

M#P?71:GZH64T:]RA747BVY57^Q]EO7@0 :%EP+O



8)KH*[*%X
VGH_


/[[9.?M


:4T4GFFD:8)


KK=O73W-^6=RZ1#B38BTQ
MLP1SPS.'4TMS1DV)K[G'JGT0^7_VG57TZM'UA^8:\.C!.IH#)!U!J*&%$4

M=9
7$E2IE]4'XP!DX1





M?FD&J%B4_^CV

1?

EF=B9I:.9CF9N3C-[/N^R(YF.9&[!
MF7Q
SM&E-/


^W(B?^[D



M@:4*$T$Y2BA+$
N\@S5S%LXF]XEA29I@LK:1


MB*4 X@R8



*T!





L2S/D4Q3C12E-L\3EOF*&!N8]W-&.X![0B;$[S%PN!B&FG8_

0440C.*4&.HM \<8V!QXE:;JVD=(^S;H(

&@K1J=(Z(5D39CE&*Q

DFE0[EP
M6(J39R@B-MI



D-=Y.[QK

M%*2
QYVQ









M'[5[Z 
B^DPR5T02I9E&QN8^FCC/$
\=1\KA#/

:\R9ZZ[J%?:_9O=P]=

M E


H/T


=?RZT+3^
!C

MSU&B3_X:RK_%=/=X\^SCW^_/]R_^.-G^^P\8_WVR\_:O(\#FH^WCH^/MM^_I
MQ^

ZE0#

R.

MDSP7VB6



YHP*)A4%]B9D)K.4&^LDOC9!J*.4

ME#-E4LEE9A@1A E09BB[%VFUHY0[*+I;AP=8B0P.@J+$85_&6CL$YPB4(I0U

MA)]?+]0V@N%ULNR'M_]'GIR^W.S9+Z=V6#XIF=;?H
-6[=?O2
A]
QK#D9V
M?%=;.Y'% $[#P)9-P_G66W&MP=K3C?.'.^JM_0Y[WWOWKM][-[$G/9!^=T83

HWC]Y3P$ZSW?_WD]V #JWMUZSW3WS:?O8#+:W#MG^GF8 C9\^


M.6\LT?

MS2U$E'LP

@/X,\JJ7)BFBR3SBV $(?]%*P?  $$=_;+QKT

1UQD&3(FPWGN&!$):.FI





M&@ 8#$YV]MX



:GMO
MX





MLD
WG/LVA)4GS&:)QDSC_[^]+^U.'$G6_BMY:LY[IVH&L%:07'WK'*_=KO;6



[5M
S6J!@IJ%Y3^G2*B50%^K2[MFE[^;E;W]T


\P
MD; Q]=K12^%1$;N+LT!]+=8!^ 4S6#F7L* EXU$P\?:4




M5

MT(;_]UE%BFP+;BY]_&'V$V@[C?E6^L]JC[8V_YYI6:L8&FLZXX-0_ME-1CO5


M8KHADI)NP@WRW_BD 5?]5D1H #1XTBPW]C_MT2^S1GC5254YQ;VAO!-2OA)$

MNK4S$-@D
A8KN:YQ
5S(O#C^W;H\/H/G__[XG]Z%]OW/@\?O?U[V_M
[
:YN



#S+F?R)9+%2!9WR+
MN)_XZT3%A%$O=DHOI*E0&B&2X

MX@TGD4_BCOAU!F/88@+\7C6DC=;[J[$(7FVF#G\\B\AM-\Y38#3I5
7;&3I:



AO?C^_']^_6^RM$S\UF56WZ01C&CR)/5:1+
MQWD[Z^3AT+@C1\?WX_OQ_95X/W+TI^WY+=];



TG4+(L*/S?C&4I8\


M=_AA?4W:HDZ;\K*Q.@:SGF'A*[1L7ME5EOE9K0ZNF./[\?WX_DJ\'U?

:L5
MWX_OQ_=OS?LK1


M
?%6D=7SY :&];)Z
(WUA:S^*
5'=SJ4=72O;O/L'LO5:=WQK6;=
FW;@?'L
M^$8+4WRVP.[O^OL1]ZHP11'W
)OU3:&NE
U*FQ24P&)UUF[1NN5H7IVV3*ON

/6[-WE ;7\IF;7NL;3E.NZYY!K@S)G@R
M;L=WZRYX


MOA_?OR'OKQ _QW36;2 )^'Y\/[X?27J5 RZ8SHHK 2^V$N RW^^TJ.&RIF/9
MINLZ[8YMV4V_T]2ISF0Z:Q-7 BJV$G#REU@%$*L!!W^8%M




M3O:^C%\















9?[8[&+[3#JT'56G9:\+&T


D#3LNG
TE9QCL)QJ4]*.3J!5G&1 SBAG=D
M+$S-57)'H^ O


MRPV'[ 




I8H
M7#&
TX F1CY8QZ&N*%@HUNE*\

M?KC'%3(

8CV

LQS27

MBK3-6]Y;(7!6A.C4+.%61C2
?_DR4?0&N1+S1?5($/+YWW$LP#D!.'3(QZQ
MG^=%6MIC44EN0!N$&]4$_C\G/%0.( UMJS(HN/EFLM87D(Y^B3N4$@XL7X_
MSV[_WK@A'09F#21/1QD
(7U
O@$#5%5^X8:L#Q^BAXBMR)P//I6C;Y<GWL$+ FI[%65  '3+P)%!N
M\ZD^6J;C\EIGHA7TW:<PR.Z3 2[UC$%/.]@Q
GF4K+YOM!8K-!H&/;(']H.


*(%VD1Z@'3.1AE@)AKSL?(\7 MBTM3*ZLE?YC(0(J%MI42'2C/=1 T

M)0]D\WG.
0.M$

M\#S6%^E](Y[1!P??_HAGTS/ZB%ITE*UN-D'-\HKL'\RZ?*C_HF; H%&BI@(
MY&1D!I:+'
C4[5 .PY:/H


ME5P+V;FE





Z




Z!Z1K#TH=I3IHOFC;M\/M;+XRL.&4
O=< OOZ9)1L[DC7#M013EP\C7]O7F[<24X2OW
M):U+Q]1-9


EQJD %S;YC\
Y%)-!D)&NM4\R/]]-%V/GT\^%3T



Y$W(G;O)1%05P.?O5%6EO$PLGM





GSYKZGIGR1[:%INW=)
;=&F(]O:_D#K@(-H^@S]1B

;D'M[_$$O/;!@4J.W4O-]LE;P5
MI6QXD3 1+A0K


5BVOQKM=L$7OLQ:G
5XHRGN'4DWMA1(K[\@^4

M&FNH;-65N$TT2?1\(D
\5@TD




?1
MU[U?:^B+OK0M2[





MQXMZ1BG1S9INM(H2:JKTK4Q#*:?Q9$^?X25.%6
TB522S? @S%*=%)[
X\LR


KJ#(^E<+VL%3BD;C
MZ\=

Q]E


EQ(K3SZ(L?2*G3-;+-C6S9EKVHL?W


M4X6IR^

MOV**NK!BWO\M

TZ#?JW*+E

N;]#=B<KCDJ=\:A.ESN1AXN5QQ O_@\N0TYQWV9]M^,J<#5\.R[
M84]\%T?8+3RT3G2)ZIO6UO;-S8RS %6XKI]M:U==<3/13P5YR+N9-=<BE
;

9[.@)@[-=
&O









MGLU-QLABHB@3@;DTF?XQ(Y7DMYPF@+?A8.C81

\CM]4FC8KKE+Q1[CD:PYW



M!P1/@R3-R ''

MD6]WD.^V&R2O#WS#W QM9?1S$/U0

MJV1 5$V/I9
B^1K$3/A;+L?_OV
L%TYH8C@!PPD[%$X(.F\032BBV6M$

L\2IS:\0#SP
M

MA/;(R;SMQ
XJVXF7*22XN-S2




M]9RW9
I8T!^9\I:9 F3*[\24SVFO?Q]$Y##/LO2%RX]N
T6N+-.HMF (^6M!

L
M U3+HVP MSRP
.Y+U


XK2(%JB8*NAY5Y&VR&#?_W@


^Z
$\!MY3TM@6/*WW\8?83:#N-PSQC

)9

M[H)+%MT/3MRB+VW+TBQGS=L7OMBQ5Q/\42K)G6JC*5TGIJ4O\46QF?2YO5






MSHNYDJL.?
L2Q(MM%PSQ8BV\


\#J2OJ\R


:)'^;I^71EKW1!&25BGHKR8_QD#9X(
%KM
MWYIF%NW


MTB2AD;SXB?Z04]YC/



9DU=TX]3$9#83QB/9C^PSX^!GW5!+'BKDLVX.;2QQ]F
M/X&VTSC,,_99669M_CW30U#%+F\UQ[NV_+.;C/#ICM7;:/W==J!INS3\)$.







M@&%)5Z[4U*I2@
LX8@O'T)XUAM/H4D^95X=/N6;OI[*O*MG@L\OCDW^3VRMR
M\N]?S@[/;F_V5T'WRC7G%F9D)P[#^)';&V4T9
;N6*'@61:$7_24%7FR=Q05

4*.E@


N^U


M@:5[S+^CR9Y/

MEV]


&0%



M3(B




Y!4M
5?
(:]H:;KB%89: (GS).N^_@H(


MTHOY]$+71_1B.K^B\P;LHH@;K







P+]T


MW<W=.\N +)C'@<*'1C*NG&X.EAZ
9LF2E -P;=F-=;++%
MW=R[ U_&D8LEC_K+N#%QIQ-X#!P7_D'AS[RM&Z._F!OSVWPWQME
-Z:R;+#:
M@B$M6X^6X=EK2
N0EB$M0UJV[B&WNC7.R[XQ8#*!QRF0K-GQ$LR

Z\[?C&3
5(7)<V@'1FH&NFS)(A]\I&S)<HWLJ;#AP;XA]V.'F:

M?@S\KMA4XVF;8'\I8\_S'X;:=QF&?LLV)*VOQ[2H/.RU2Q9!R&T[S7H\E@
MLD=7)Q)/]O
J1






MJ&6^=
R\$E_2K-J0
%_\R#+@3E43: 6QY8&/<E<NS;IP$




M*NGQ



JZD%
MEP6+*L(5F;6N









T)1(2)Y[:IK\53-X7I!M[RDR8Q1G/0,DBR2?O)T&
M?D3@ FN


M0Z1? ^G-?R#4(]1O





/5B0S\?R@X
I@B:\P2 ;L ZX-PR+^=9
N2J ]^R!(%T

MI#N&I





.#\X1
Q







A]$OM
C.




3CZ7A8G2-RV+$V2IT
&XIBS


Y\
Z*'V:
!\

V&2
$9P1G




._8'\$\WZX5?_C]02P,$%     @ 0CR33[G2
M^Z@L$@  .\0  !$   !S869M+3(P,3DQ,#,Q+GAS9.U=47/B.!)^GU^AR\OM
M51T#!I.$U&2V( D[W)$A&\C.WM.6L 7HQMB<;=A?_VU9!L;; O;(6/N3-76
M+ 'UIVY]4JO5DN5//[\N#?1
F$TM\_I

;W9:CUW^^'8U'TS]KX]ERJ[2-31V:
MQC)GFWMCYJUK'


!_GF(;3



9C^D'\WNEBO#6A
R!J_
MUG(OD56Z=/?P2#3+U*A!126CV0.SGJDM/D9Z=!!!V6GVYH8YN.%%YX)O#%!N

XLKY/I.T[R#@38#R[3%C#\N-/=L[1-*UYZCQUB



MJ6V3%^9]HOH5K!PSST*8.52C*ZACC[M.+5ZZ!]M
NL]\VF@FFZJSEC^KIG-RI6KG2ZT]TXI\OEEAB
M/0A]#S^9)M7Q3LX@$,H22\YF1'/H,]EX*Y@1R78ZY&;!;:-FL.\&A;R]M=^P
MX7KF&X;UPCLGH!@NM]3&9A0=DCFU#:\<O)-B'*4.=:

MW7VEJ=--:O'#Y'%UNO32X&_(XP8Y1/N&IYN(WEO?6(;A4=Z#(!-&.0!M%ESI



9EH3



]]B
M

FL\-T9Q8F-(<S?R];2_GEWX4\<?47G)^=1-=^:GS_3O*


MFAO@N4;JB+4MT
V=#)A 3
:_]J(0JRF^P7&LK?PYCVWG!O<=A#EI'R:NT3!&<]-Q_
<,8A!?%8DQ''V##6*_X ]B@
M;*9':/=)E3[R8B=




6IR/SL_B\
MVU2^L%]$(KCC63++;0_)1#'_RX *4'B-&L^)CP169
KC::RV^1JDH-._HZ
M'@T'M]W)W6VO.^Q^O;D;?[F[FXQS-G8JC(0 1?3Y)K2ZB!0!B)0R

MOP[#70*NG$.UT6AGYS *_U?D57!B

=

DCT?4


:NN4GWG-&







MKA-^&XW9T.6L=E0E87-[B]6@&L&K5Y$((B-559UF.H

MU?F[=9*O:H(6[//KA+'!GW5Q^;V9WGU7;^L2!]=$VGU:#55)V&_?[CZA2LC7

:8#;:K;B2XLX$U4











#$Y
3 S
M
[W_ J?V:\'8]PO4TFV?$U<QS-V+$^R^XF%2\/B

M)^

D^VWXV1/RY\4?O9A<?NV&G\YG
M3SAE[N9/NY^22=QPFPCESA&9.6.6D4<
=!<+S#B.1;NSKY?PIQ^FPXO+$:P_.^\@XV<^7YB<$:7

:_2C.1XN/W^+WJU8+I



]^&A;S?=77

$L\-Z$L

M-YY.YQ?+M88



M(.Y4M+R$,VH-UM*





_^S::/IE']51_O. K3O8X
MN8/_G?86($&DT N$P




MD6S891

*



M?#B&[NOMX8&7%#UL0USD%'UC[7!XH$C(C M/T?Z437S2W9#ZM+\UX$9EG51

M/NV #5E22RLMPEHXTBT)$0D84]QJ--U#QM%2M @

.)$FC(1XT?-PYR;076
M()X7;&86DB/E\BED)8X6M+^J*+ 5?8VT\9#[:%;6)4A-^?#D5JHEUP
HWP5
M?/X 4^@^PX;IRI.3-N-L%Y!QRE
X


MXPKP[A*ZA7JFSR%/.MA(:/IY.)YTBYH&







;HFF9%WP^I3K*\--RJJI6)49[J(

!;K/
MPPC3L\DH#91R:)Z2)A6C$C'RVTN+@X!TJ#M@9H$_[OAM2G_?$H1MP.3E71
M0LV3


_



F2I+/:I.
MWCC'V9%W^:W-/FUMQVKQ6H;E@6)K:+GY$+AE@02C%R6AT#351J#GD6-
6CGG


B.*?R2[X7GM51[XES
M-S9/[


M^T




M78[&D^A*O4F57(E9. )
*;1!32E(UI(JNZ$]

M\][ELW
TJZ:_%G




KHZ@MB0


MG:Y4QIQSBM2'3(!S7

19!21'%X+



([LNSVCBXZQ;7(K@CD0%*D6):
_#8/W




M$$ LU0HE((7!N1'0G6L4N=T):A^NV7]EKE73:+OBFC?*H%BK)


2XH:WNR/OYYZ.]F+3R=Z^ZA.9JJNIWB5I''6I
MBHO_E-M;G_VH2.P](BI7N*Y3?Q =RQ$M1))H0.

M^ $@C[Y.N#T?8QL3F)4
S9A8BHRS4G




'X'JW]UAC72X GJ&IT-/XV'






$L8XYD)SGWGEEO
MFYSL;T5S=%+W_/)RM*POH*WDTAC12)2TE+'@B:B3/21NNR$:'*:O ;0IX/5
MX_5^*^GZ$#%7#'

L+
F#XHKR_(DXE2I).+@#8+'23FDZ[(?4I)ZD^





MXAG;X?2IUG]38ARCAKJ4\*/7DVY15G#A47T\]YL5-?X4E24&NU(BN4.FE:



)F$T7.8N'11+


MZZDDRAN!ICF7Q#L322E)I]'2TC(WN22V'4Z?8G '
^#F;E1!\M4
EDTLZ^U0
3[IN\F4X_E0:+D_8
M#1=WFE\#(.Q?Q_,II.=^5-((%EGOD]'G$J);O#3U[%,'BVIIOBM7!;#SX1A2
M=3T^VA:DZ0?RFG



Z
[ZSD($KK4D


LIH8Y/:







JUE)DPY)*K+!BW47![/PY4X*YX;
M76[9#J=/5Y[;4^+A&FC'AMMAO8$$2JV.@GAO I'*:.)!:L)E=L(SJKUM4@9P


0-'0F2YIR%YM:?9NN]%:V[


DV228


87ON5SE4I%YY&0Q1NB3[LH3.&L^41&6%29HY
M:.

_&N8AI/?=9/79YANYZ/$KZR3)
D7@NMMF;B.K=OG]@4@#<B


QQPEI=K2ZJO%IGPSH


M5YZS4KJ)6?A G

ME_Y=3
W-..K!I-O14CUY[0.UK5@.M\KO;*^UB%I:Z-M[K#Q'']Y):Y'V9)Y^


M-^@32.GPG?#^1D\BL99[XAW=5MX8#^SI)!(^^19Y!Y:?A^/AQ?SB+?@IO/=?




(^YK6Y [=.%BEZQ[C!E/@+I
MAI]7DT.7MYIXXB2X





M1H1X\83Y]R_X]Y]GP\]?1GC^O4]3+!O1GP^Y@C(5SO^H3WNR-Z9/!&2:3B
R




VK\8X[T


M= MCYWQ(HTFZ\L)1-;4F%U-P!!%'B^\.3F?L(\7P?LY6;UUI2,9XOZ=#;(




 ^D4]X%
OF*DJP) 6M6+99Z
14+H@9
ATUQ'
M5F$]
-W82^K7=4*VT(E7L]DI(8/
DZ;_F$E9
FV$8!YL9MDJ
H=]=IZ[0^G#






*7(G-'U$#
MMI%S ^;?XW1(?LO58X]?%Z;30$=?K).2627(AW7TP9
YR] ([D-.D-K8B3=@





5

MQ520B=77LY@\
!63+#::2#]MP?X5% ^;_=T%WB !83'
=_CE=)H^T;CS\]
I
4F]PGKZ:9FDT 54R_R\M:B.G**W

MWB)A\\=M@V6R$8 C(TAG%@/2%BJM8P&X83I 4A93R*%-ON8JDL
[ CTPM/DR



M!_8F^BUPK^9%D]2%0Y6M+CJK$

MD&.M





M]'_^ '\

;3K

M80T.0)Y-9O
WY9?))

M
EA%T[U-7MAF2 ]/8WH2?Y





:PC]

#'!&#JQ(R14LNLFNO0[




/3BKU%ON;XJ(?



MH%^1WI7+7*\J%3 Z^?*%1G+)5WYV^OET=!;\* 73_ .90;

)R=*
M

M'(=0E6NE\ [

M*8\L@'0

M':CCF'8-N9PT(J+!)KD6FXK@M4^1R6SKI9]0&' ?60XZ!Y\


MKQ!-A-H)LTE]FD[H#F_Z[$_DZE[3.PM]-@^:S@=7TCK/9D(P&80.@5D=54T*
MI[W5B
2R+9([56SQ70H_T]

M:;QW ;6%3=&)_8UH#FM
]$'3I)6

M!9+#@%$DGFU\_LMI#U]8*3M(J@FI;U6KD,\_5Y-RL6R8J4V1GNHUQ\(FL3

MN*H;/1+0I

M^C9@C\0
V9V
!CV;KN

M#J-C7O%:QI6V1V^\91:=01E=L:I-#[@?&.Z +;(70:N7LG:4;L\QI+?323Y-

MTR]=

M?RS!\&2#
XYPQ*C)
.*AV:']2/N
M'NOI+$=77^\#.F\]54'4'T;8QO1'-X8ZXFM22M1][T6; 17?
)D168BZ6J&
M:



#ZFU)7N^Y


MW 7UV8:3!FKS]'0XJBVNEEMHEBJ86K4NRKB(F6CF.7CF(HE Y.ST:IBB'PVY
MN/P]DKO3$UZ$W,#2^572)^&8YQ^OSS2)319!.$!PVJC/]IN::?UEG-FA4[

P6((G!0TD9:F:J'7@L1&!F=3




7ME.'?;O7 IHJ3=
MK)X1269#T&R$E4VVEE:




M'B1:!5SG4+(7



(-*;T05FD9B1$[
M<$5)Y %H5[2U-PHG)A:U'EQ6RAJ)7KK&=.RQ)G5\\J$(Z;(*96%],;1C 2:

USYF9$UE50G%7H[
MKK\+58OZ9_;6DD5;2/A@]6JZ@'IT)8NV(:I;R:(=I'PP%; %;6W4R_TD#F8

M=SR_TI7(;^
<U=*WFS%Q*2-&/LN


5@K!=-2*A: Y





LP
O;QEVPW.N[XEL)^Z9KQ[M(
MJC5[)4A4(!TK@)YI1R9V%.3R2BYC
.1*:0-WA[7N=\5[(VT; 1WWKG@*5MGB

MN8[MY622SX%AX4FA8
%A9MK*PFBDR#1HF0
:@-PM
'K36QX.JSM*KN\ RP]@

MSZJOM/



M8]DJ
F.5HD6I5AK



MTU7M*RH* QVS$S9QP&[;YIVYH- KSSU*;^/T;GH^K:B'6;\XPNM?;NEX*X^
MHK=CTANQK9R':E5\1' I!*]EA!LM-$01BE23G(@-1FZBLS@J$(E5@$1*RR3
M44=9C








M\)JV

M! :=4(.(I

MIN.V\:Q0DXK G'5&FR

MK




FDC?6(7H9Z;58PVF4C1Z=-SDW&=AG$

H*(HOHDO[JCVW





2(0EC4PA8M$KD

E)7I=-;W\NED.IU\JY
-OM!/YM\')@6/.BHF:OA2


A%IZ)X)*%TRDO;[KWW
M6Q%:[K!T=JR-S;A^]=D.O_T#O_K=#BM5].GSR9DZPQAG' @BM0E.L-JF4F

M*+\9_Q.FPQJH(#
*R6+F1DE?! 
N:^
!VO)[17F4[(.@])\M0Q8Q]_

$[




<&RSS:Y 9+4''(ID 6MC($?$,D-8DM(E[
M<CY+:9.S=CF;]G?6Q._C7C;&'9Y
GXUILTLPOCW-Z4@[4 5W^M73]^\6VY$
MGKQ1:Z1D01KR;G6PM

^2O=/Y
MX!V

M[7YW$?:8L7H!XL*VO!W&%AM[=T;[G[0=JN#OSL JAWN(K\\+3*MPHK?D96;F


#^%4;V]-BDK
<Q7F]462O!$\


5M/U$UZ%F'?Y6;68#KOH]@!


MEZSD@
HX^DG'3I6WO.C /0M[(F/22))]GN==QO;K9(IGV
Y1JA64*FH3 VU$

;8N*[B*]A8@.O#1-EJ!%=4YCV
M@SHH)EW)?MBA92V2_;AW6Q4V)#'R1N([6FB0T@+'@)G)4BEU75/(?(LJ%/

M;9H\/0IP]^[%UQ_20I@=NA33]FY*X24:D30'0:LP]ZGD%)+-Q7BR!!+7M0
W


QDG/_7),Y.TOQ-(;+=
M BM47


MQ[ &ZK54FH7:BB5&M/5.4)76L8SW=8#ONPX=A*@&G7*NZ?X_871ZYE^
1I-O

?+)

\M


3TVQ5D=_5EB0W$F

MIP=2)WT+M^=\@O=G2G
9TGE:6@=0?2?Z;$1S^+2?GMB:M!+UP?2@Q. 2:LZ\

9IK]\G'Q]4A]7&?:+SRJ[_C*[9R\[







F&L0<+0!K@_PL,#2LEHD EE3KIY)1#+(P&Z-Q&(.UX ^H4C^0/3XEVI&5
M/N]%5TETR2^@#7PX74KJ O: ?BA 6F/3C$S[9)@P9)
2O)6!
65
]V
TYTA



MO%[73-](
]_
/^'T)/_GZ5EN

+$^Y=$DBO/:.WI,^;
MT5U+U P(: IQZ'56)&) D8,KQH,,T0Q#CZ0U)E7TC*-SM9
GLA4
J ]9JWQ



M=75\%F76W8H
](]M[ZR))?7OYY/T^YMO8U*/3\
O]6TOWK]Y^PQFGRY#G'V8
MU&\/BG9)EVA9MJ[F:DO'H/#


4/!SJ#AY(U(48RVYUP+!3EF0@\6M#H
MO94M-'1OY(];6P]+?(.3GMT'

#;JNZ6R
M?^KJ :AN4VIT'?)G)+
:RODX'OXW9C+4@BPT;5B!0!K05U/-AP+&2//R7E


MP9':L\EH='97ZBE
/Y( R#4]F4[K78$*?S&AO/5.1XS
FUH0ARO.O'::.2ML


!T5S93H
M@

GRQ6@HP]*H0FU(9INVFD5G\LY




M@NO3$JM X(]+0#Q/(!3I7RJU@90-R+Q
GM%&GWPT

&=!7?(
MNRB+W





E-6?QTMKR;6?//#+J<2KU/)FO$
M*]?\,UYKE.9LR3$T.9@VMYK['LGASV,.K,G7;DP?51<:1#_W'M/9?':T++7
M0A7C62RA
&V291!#K7


'#7+^UW#^Z=4X


MK[GP3CK&;6V/EXMD
=&7
9(_!


^)'HZ.'Y;;/]B8[(7_Q





X\C!,NIUSQP:F4)(NRUJIU]13)\X23SJ)[&*T'4O_]X;IT2CC

MHY
[!SSW&\?BPW]




)4R

M!C*$T4E*TU



DXEF7]$))2\88I/LS2LH
M#EVD^
B*L%K48&=CE'E9:,@?@QCG.L=D=_@\WF+GYC:MFKH\6@CM/:8P]=
MV=9$/!31]T6)C4C6!M1

*V#@RQ%DXS:M6CN


MW3#]=Q=\CZ7P5FO+=X'Q0+N3;




7HSGP_GW\^[@':#V;51M


M/CW741Y+$C:2\[!,ET@,/+\%L8-&HEBPI-RIZMP?+H%*8O7OK
7Z@Z?%[L

M:

M\TIW45^?;MG)X1#K^([^3C%RT%VB%*;G/+Q9#K43@R#S$R**B$D
8*T8W@
M+F^[OS3W+LL^4^

F )BWD


MMV_?_C*#

M
&?#SU]&MY85W.4U3WZ
[.J(E^^ZPG_3



M@-$NFX]G00.RVM!F&VF@@88
0-ZI  Y*NTC#C_=TNMR[QO4'4-6C-;G?1L^.
F13KSPL@74$P9R#)I[G*G*QIW:#;=VZZB#VDV
M[:%E#0+L[<9YO75=#D$+I*&BB<T<61]:Q\8)&NS$F27ER[WXN_0A+K/K0\?

MX[U'*]]=/Q3J3Z_NE3-[




MW?5IN\WP_YRSQYVSS53U?I[4=5BT



'XW
8-L0<E_:)W49
MTY\]P+;O ;:5KARBC](N1-\7)5:@<S3

M
)W,*_'^.*/^BD.?-WRG)6RJ)GC\PD

8RWA[( L?:C-?Z
- E-1&IKX


R3
MPU$3P(:%K($5:XS-RJ/JR4GVPJE AU;M

M



I VAJS X5




?L_A(


[PR&F3P?I\O







NOJJ/-@


&;%I%.52T!H!H[3CRDXG0$]NB:TDN-9

J^S4TECNA'&Q
M21[Z253C^Q&G*^X!F]-04G\A/7

M*+-VP';JA4V:C0:#-49G4AL9[K0Q:5F2P10MB*B=T8 N.RF+R_13MFX2O I1
MR
A2O;FAA=/
6Y




M=+K4CRZ3
%?UA






K



*<X 1?I5'AB]45Q[VWPIZ;%]X ^/B?^^,-:KE'-MPB.&TD

W!:KE
MS]T*:YO%NP[FR[M5W(67(49ML_;
R5!32)Q@E*)K9CY;IQQ91Y_NUV




EXI3D.JXX/
R::P^];OS2A.DGJ#I'8E*UY?!(

?-Y4]
9S)*<\D+;0FA%/7@@U%=J1XUUUH_
M_J[Q^BL!K:5#4MKP$<P_WDGJ)O&O@.(_!9%@:X*=0F0!2V'N)1

M_IZWB1.$/ZIU@*OS)'F=N!M=9?&PM!

F]O

/RU_^'+W1].T1GUS-1D5+RD;EHR(3$
AEQU)%!Z3
4<BQHK#'?O+$\X[Z\&%LY1!E#UQ?^[VJQ
MF:8XYM9M\X\;4Y;9[C%P4K5M$Z)1H&D5+ B,B<'3MO\(Z6$1UYP!C+P



UN1RW


MY



MQ









MMP!%:1OK(C;[1_TEPA+_][_^'U!+ P04     !/)-//$1LXL)Z  #)BP
M%    '-A9FTM
C Q.3$P





M








AV#Z7]AQ%EI-R/PX0T;@2N)2URVUJ::H[I3_
36W@3WPA%9MU1
UJ

M#.][OYJH%CYD&);E8-^:4M.L)HQ&Y3]X[C#IC
GI82]'C3XU@N46
-/IXC1B






MR(1=64FFGN)K%H/7DA1QT')_W\VOC


=*9\*8S=B[R$==0W(E5L_.


XX@U^+=B4&!9603:7LF\A/GU[

ZLNL85Q

/J\O9\U[$HZ ^A*]<J/V(MD/NPZ ]

M

/='(4

XW:)W<T4#TWJ?
^BI4Q!)T8EM1L'P3
MJ%ZC:./\@$MLPF7UFFD&+\;U#2DGSDFC'+5#U$LOCC6^V*(;]\N-RLF
B=?/







M]^'M=HAN2^J:#N5M2VDSG=OB4 FC23W+&C5Z4?BLN)LDU17&CC
O5%+8V2



#]CB'&X.LIR7M\A.G


M-S





=%


M^@C--!T\



V]#[\=JL5\N;MW7;5'&JM2=I!8<KQ*5L\E)Y

M;_

PCJZTT;'3JR&
M_




8Q[GM6?_
4-VH?



MQ4%3X]O]:YAL( 3U^[Q!ST#]O*@ N:


OZK^VA39O$R9NB_S-GPXUNS-


C @(X37Z!;!$ ;
H((N
M\*3C8 !U*

M1





82K-3F'*@'^GZ#I_2VE^;Z

IN$71\9E!@P 6.=/$?1K%\M\KXZ&LQWKJ!8PH#]&EAP*B4UN_;


]0$
C]ED)V
ML#78E#J7YOW(/M4%'?L_D$$Q#++R[-5#PVI-7]OBJDG++^^MBMN0L47(UJLF




M9%P9L@P(


CHX,&')OP_ 
NRBO





XMUJ(@
M/CY#_];-[
C-M)49/=%!PC;T\QYL%Y0 &;3Z2/%7D_=:9HS7*N&8Q5I[=U_B
M$HK-+KUZBWSX]YX !-75&N





)!'Y;@



H[H-!HBNPX6+JI__T^!-AJ









M&@HM
S*^$N<3;5OS[,9T=#F/A\ZCC.#;8VY&WQ'C\E&KQ&<P;JF
MW?+R.T_*(Q&






M?N9@[3:-Y
/9$9_KG%: P6T.&_,N9CYVT$#%#^*8=W(K$:W5B
V:GIKU([

M



MYG\W^H4^VS)VCZC!M


M%9L5K1CESH88ET9L]PVHEJ]3?2L;6+*1-$D0R'V9K1
G1-[.L&&;%U:N&\
M+3?0\\W0+1V7=.D_[09UB/*JN=+KY-)7/6?*^DEP7/9BHH2=PY;L$Z?TN. 5

M;41*4
_Y)P2([]XEQ; 7KSWPRX;+S/)



M =NE



M
0LT&
6?+6HV]O2X]P';WNI05K)]H!^[$TT^-X@(L6]RMW
;


MRM&*
'JN?2SQ(R8N
WE6_6][1[A-CY4[C4
^M)]=G3/&O/%K1IP]9(3OR#3$
@O7.YOI6!7[@HNJ<C<8?' VFX[ZR]FC.#\@TV11C


MQ(SGB





MPA!1EZ9Z


U'JDO5!;%!02WROUW^^31]^(LIB+9

ML_LQP422K0V:#2B;FDL[SW#5D
GTZ
COT^4/:M#N^SC6RR?0I4(JTJ01?C:8



M5[QI8MH3@A#?N?#\AJH6WKA(U9Z:%IRASB6!BV+Q/.P
WSD+TU\4S)R5/2




?&K@3$+.9!

KYMF9_


M
)I)BGF*67X)/]K984L^1^F-U97BF_TDQ'M=J[;7#;(*$H[960U7=Y&/S7(9

%:\7O.*
V+ =^+K/CCJ&62.D

T;S[EDW2V.W;!90-:2SK5C\?J3B[FBE](BQZ!

R!+-C*23)C;RD!/36! 9?KY
5'PJM^[ J2F!4#?19%&_OHF*@^
M2A36CJ/+GELQL!+KC*+DH3H;\XX?-=1T=?Z]CYBK8]%PV Q+^-#^JH'4:K+
MBA%II;!ZNN99'R
/CVPDGLDF- ='FP/=)ZN
Z3?3@ C&3[BR/H

MFE7Y^_'&^TH-$6NT



9R
R


F=,]_3ID8S*+VAV 2_#_[K<OF1[
MJN#H_^KRO./70K6T9NM,=^%E]7HHY,LJ[8ZU[34]/. CW-*1N]@T+Y[GDEJ

Z;[-_EWTS5.TMS@8[GJ!OKL

SH^T[$B.SZ=:=%\@/MWD*E& $#M:&U$KI$)W$K%\J


MJORNI







ELA)J)-



M

MN)7$\U3+N'-4IQ$7$H=@[JN0Q,M
MWR#0^][#5Y0E.;#'$!/B*_!BIOHBA!<EA)X80(?3M/EBO1JZ7PVJ9DG88SS



MXV1'?E+GEJNRTY']C!M#D^
Z1

F6Y0T#4HN ]J74G5T'O99YUH=O:/.NU



7JUFE'X;M9\DY@0!KB$(N_6/ZBX\@ENX%$26A/TY%PD9[
M'!BWGY;BY87@D@CO ]1J7[)85&M!VZ6UZ^L\LB.H62882T)']H.[)I4I/H)

MO-]6N#)1



+P


M+#-RTG;*34N9EE;1])T!M:L?/]).QQZM+SF;=#+?/F6AH+'@0-TJQ7X5!WN_


^#79
MG

-YS*SI-=




2N&FII!0WU9YZ\P3-7W&J%WO?=EMV



4:'%9(4\TG@ '(!DC6KF-6+7R^9EY:L7]S:S9OKN@R 7
M+-% VE



. [WSWLL)0+O




:?E&[1E8E]=9I
8QDQ
M/N$=KLD;*E7XQ

5#3B


M:B



+23B(^H8TBB1-289=1'?3FE'-(Q
MMV*5 ]5/P /QZ=)US#BV9;8P@
?FUGRW2]U[/'7I%-JZ AHT0F]*WW(1^]MM

M?


AIQ&H:4H


M(
'=/;AK\


EC7E$:I8:&
ML<O11H-W..PWJ/%.-ZN+^[HM8G6F&U#=U+Z/<[G+5LZY\@F[1KW.+-3KP[+


MJ0^UZR/PHJHA0M92AO4WOH9%@B.@$D]MKJM(=\HC\1E MQ=# _F]T+L3O4ZH



MGJ/KV?65'%VC(CN&GYNO[
_FMNP;)QO8_-L'(HYG(




M8@I=( '^[T9_S^S-FZZST:CR7QA'CAV#PL[$']57!

M^
=%B7!]?_8VS.&R^*?-AI@^
MQ;K38,ZOP,J]82;Z:V]QN2?X-1SUH[4LI[+;W9 NOUV*.1Q[9];B=QJDL^R


M/@^37ELXQ(N=5SD3^I3NGE5%=A-/I7]/(UY)G8'QOO@8OIWX5'\MEM5)[:2)



AZ
U3QQ.#L08SZ6.1Z N3
MI))9048TCQ
#

M?%E)@SK





M0J:WBRTZDVFHAI*)TFU$^#[^T! ES-5B3$38\GL5OPSA!2J


MK0L066JQ/IS\=N-1AV9_N(G1INK_YPSZU^1
SC?.OO7 _^52\QGP=28E^3W%

PZSB


M8!%XD)3YU'G%R??KQNB]'#^GYTPCV]ZRX&/.?N'KVFYWAHU'.*#3RHIE/I
MNF4XZ!U]U[\1JBCZJ9/B'
MC@A6('K*QBK]\VV*B'-IP*$H'E
K=4)![@%!2


R

MK(0ON?**AWOK1Y5L]GLB&&)%HN;%^A&*N];VM$Y;8/54];+ZWT[-O%M
_D
M''BG?1N-M&7#(]J8[RMJ#A8^; P9UQ$U-I/14ER



M8^


=$;CB=P5K1C2@86[++^QMTGY42H5Q5
7A9L^W16\^7<897





@)R;:Y;[(;!


MN
T32*5/P7@

KV[Y:JM!RME;^(Q)+YX4-P'WJL7*L;K8U_G


ME?/:PBXU;)\S;B4?^WH;-%./KXG''%@F 
! 
#!^I+SO?


ULJ?A7?^/XA5F&#0K


);([TC
MK6C.:

S
6O'39^57#L


/

M56Q
PJ 5
*!#RA(_[




?\@3BZRE[S0(XH3\7L7



ML@(MHFU94((7 ^']5/(
T



M5


SQ7D[YRWT@86'6H





IH&_[
$?1S4
M#&26114]'-E



W1DHZN3K4Z7L_!KAR

@)G$EPA.?(F?+PI+DJJ@-=/0$CAQ#OOW)9;_L^F?Q5C*3_R?09(^8_;
M1S6



M




/%$1IXF



=NP=^%@GPWX
F#
6?SA#


4N




M+XN+C;6NH3IS-Q:( 

/V?_]S
MX?_?%_(/EE.91W%HUP;Z:P09SW&_+A_%\3#WZZIRY:F;8B3WRT7


S70N1%
IZ+&
(^'4
LN?JUY'E_5D)HMB;S'3;(03Q#HA

MQ\_

M;4N#S*Q65KSL!&G7KGU8;4=DC7S#G'BE)QX3Y_ND$_X&/O#P%!$^_



MF+



MZEK(*=7HBY@




M.]J55QU'+D$C&EO^8 3_/V

7O$365]78\L_L6T$2^MS:=1S4A
MY:*..&5SN9M8S90TE/)E\4+;?X%F@G+/B8++N3_TOJ@%((0L885? %;S:_OR







RP5FP

[;=I.7+*AEFX./.F5*/#I4]==C
ZZLX2 0/_6YDJ]=2YJ

M(1?EKA^1/R\@IXE0
[%]E=R)0B.TD%_







M*D%.-&/[U



V9006I)@40Q


M9](

D*9+ ^]CP2FLH- P2CB@0S(OPO


M



M+:Y:UQZ8PH0.9#2A$_0FNJG

MFZ+1*+F3DC[11I04:J#):EK8C;A@-':DL0Z=)B \Z?/K+&8OYZH6YG=-
MABB_9K[?X7&)8I%''O

V2


_C:OTO8=2^_8
T-J0M9X
M3BBK_:C0G;0@B[ K(/ZE_

0[AB6#QP!2! P5ARR

$S@VV!MPM7*\U(W# @2Y-.%&? CG&/^H9
M0GRP
][\+L\TLS:BAW


@E

WL#&$MF/(W6H3
:W+)E
MHX0.:=)62+'28)AL&N\2W\4OC



MND-$YZGE
V!NIB


0K4VYHHU^WK9?LG2



M)1^[$OV3=3J='N-6AD-T;+N?-V5ZO]^V/*T4 2://Q?[48/T7;

M*1&M21O\S2'53K*R3MG6B%&MD_5^*KO:+7:\T







E!VWZJS=

MM?=5G([)M2BSQE@U[L^WZ;+/@



M?6L$(V+RCTF+X



6%CM4F:9M


G*#MLYDZW*Z4G'EOT;8%ORE5?5U4VK!RI*3?M/







D?&,,F<*8?%]:1-0G0



5

;X\I]=IZ!GPZI)A?


J$1J%LD(_&6_+LQ_;FIJP*G(FC R KVE=AQC
MII4H2VU^FA65%69'GMU&JWYGQ2)?FO8YTA!U70:)'E%2T%!+4) MI!67XCH

\)JA'Y/*#M\CCHAM4-D


M
\!3

D0*ZDVZB:SC7]V%
T.74)V(G?:TB

@0#$./C*5G._(M3!7K!I=;



&APD@?B2)2.1(BT%AX#Y6_=(]VI




)]T\F1XMI

P0+Q:2JO:EXA& -;
 &(&G7F0?PD'O;

M     !/)-/;ABR^]IO   1@@  %    '-A9FTM
C Q.3$P
S%?9S(N:G!G

FA522V@.1
PA(3@*2D9R1G$&R@(D

M/0V(@9Z&CNXQ


7$)9X]

%A8F%NY?=F'<\_RK 2D6
M]A-^'#)Y'=S7S@\9!0+QR!7BOU9WX3
)ZL(IWKB

MCF;WSV5/EFT3[$X\)1TL/Z+UD6P]*2UBE-*B-=*?IRRS0-Q/$@G[IF+3V6
M@^2W.M@Q.W.K'_:90


R
M\U

:M];(U]&3R1D Q

M:^Z77W

MW$J+N'J)/WU]QCY&WY(H1T]
\=/
ZU2E'NZ&9(OGZ1AP8@_U:OO&&J$E]%S_



BQV

M=ZIJBA1.
_
[##=B!6?5BZ2L#DLKK%[ 5F&G+UIJ0AQ9@^XHJ)Z[AF

M?-OK%^\#G


M.DCIY
XI^S/.TM(.LWY6FE#L]*GA7W-I\!+#8LAMV67'C)O.GVE37-%Z\%LT
M[&VU;[2(ET

);0X1MVQW
MLHG#F:<S&+0YMUMMMOX4
D%;X-^**M]P




M7F7:=7'D(&PD!K;V9Z%#W_&M;[U?W;YH#XW*AWCXN85-QP-F O$=JYZNO[







MX]E;RP*? G*
V-5AVFBMKI:-D(P JVE8MC/1TR;BT?%O.HG?!YDJ7'Q$/_)*
M/2FQG8T)*7S.U-(0

MS\PM_2]3A K!=$#//@6ZSH39]Z)\#U6HR-C45+SL?5.$ 4GI%6]4DHT\$-



1



D



@Z8_*;VZP<!P *[J(9 F+ZE;KJ:S
M33C.;3S
3IO5VZV:V_;QF3%*8*XNCV]IX1NJR0B2CE9\)ZW&NV0BG;5S+9TJ
M6
3NI^).KF

9?M^*$ A8-PQ@KV$_;\SCQP-7Z%.A7:G












Q:+O,M&<D37HH Q%11P] <%K!;?,^'@_D\__+WAA_\S'BL_L#2K
M_G4 ,QV\OR5I&<'?OX3(0ESK%Y5KFFF\<@J@99V+C1&WW^X
!J@@_3?GI 2


!^]


3R'GN4+



M&2L_@V9+701$

MI
VEC;=
'K*GW;RWZ'^/+&N 
8Z(F):3QMR\$9?5:TV3A7(+@='$]OAN:
;P
MDO?T:44!K((O43NJQS[LJ4

V]-4IOCIU'L?
MAVE/:BM?BKMO:4P#2GK36N_M^]XLFI@;C5Y'9\V\D842?,48J!2$5<W.V^T



M'07@PU)0@

B





TDRVDW:1A$TS0XG-I




MW
NH(






WB*A

_!LB8H^/(AYVVU[VFBX0%2+QQN45M+INZ^WDK[




2W[K; CFP
?









'
B

M'2=VOFNM9!77;UHSIGJS%A=.WL7LN-ZNSF$&'XXX2%?$57\J;YCS%A]'TL

3MBYE7Q)#ML






MT'PT6&3^!DMCUWE=U]'\\79?(NJ!@


M5PY+-[6F*D5HPOS:P8HP2OAF



YD6CCKM+SH3Y&D-?Q9%2
_VY6P;%0

MH&(
/3+KD]K9JHV7T/@Q?1XG*_;B)?\Y]?7%*JO+=-BEZW:+&^5P?CDEO/CY




CJNH/;)#
9+0VH2)!IBEM




M/L[[:PB@O^Y/(J]DUTP+F
L3^*&&C@?#A^!-.ZBC$73L)^@2*8OD2!6I*)A7

MFAKAMN?P)



MF2*)8Z5%942/VV3

HJ#](


;$WO Z^)#WY9$Q Q
25E]=FZ(?GZ5N0+;#P!BBC'6F

M;S7A?K2D]$KL!LM$2D(D3


M3!$IE9S@O_%LZ75T[JZ(%=-[%J4%\@]W

M 4
!@_L7=X;#12DYN[QV(-M&4V3LULS85.UFY^W-X%458OQOE:DZ0]51[:F*

M#_Q& ;WIJXKGV0N-

M2+85VG
BT?D?*B#V/VH%N4T_\=K0XC7;6Q;](XW4WZO)$4#D/]$8.?_O-==A

:!6Q.#YAWOI?!HM
MPAFE=Y2S)+@3#V_;4@ROZP0N-'S[9#AC39L;I[GKUE\8TW(:)$T(WJII M:@
M7L$8_HF6!?I;V:\K!U)/*H4']%R%8U

M5SZ+D^Q(.^M2J5ZQ

L:3'A#N@[0^L_SD?/$^
M


M$$R*/6$+4UK5TRV3+E9H)Y7L:





I[Y%5@GL?)$+[;LJ
MHPXGCOXIZ$-/ZS.=J6P48 3&]WKE%3!A=[AY8U'ML^AP/N?NB=P^T_E%L$BJ





M\W(45'^Y-6.E??YP[
RW\1JWB=[T^@%GA_Y+[5) FP^@PS GN=1NG(4&H8#@



0=FF^R.C;.C!1YL&+
MV^S@R($^'?]RAN&*@8B4=5^E6U:^H!VY1U]-0

]47NH_==%:


MLA1_FSZCVZ/?EV6T@[-D@*6&++GO@\PYS!L


M^(99 B?)Z]H@:Z+!8FW_N%/@A[=4]:X=+S=K4PR]PJ(@]O5C2:K@^!B=ZJX*
MD\TVC2H+A



M_2TJ.BM5RS



MXOL@H

V%%6@Z

MYEU\QFF


+)W55


@L4\%4 !2!10 $(G@19.F

F9X
M0+2WNZ]HI/OVQ6YC6<,BYL0HR8K\]D )CB?L5&D2%)M'MHO'D@R0@?7H*_
MSIRFO'_M3)!@V8\_?'^9YA3I/-ZVSDD

X/-%8KU7*P

E)@8I77]4TK;P[X

7UAV0*+M
OV.W#N253

.M9-$QEGT==MLE/0\(K]TLD-WZH^

M[BEP=:F'9V;!

R3D0DT:S$HZS Z?2=DOP
 CH
M3



MWR7


M@B5;HRVZ?'VJXN!06V#U+0_.QN/C 3%QW'K;;2?RB\M'3WTIYA-?F!@SFA=3





MJ=_?8[X?(T&_^\QFL;6%W40RCTV)I&C;.R4
#(;Q.M6U+K@+W9GT'7.7V1W+



F0^F'T


T
M;J^1_GOYE29U-FIFM0;(1O.9KU$K[)(JD?\Q 
I_[ZP@MY;Y7]SXP/@W&.K\



:C*V^
MUX!M@!?T8=E3??;CVB+R4@YTW3LC&7)H+-V4[B+CM*AGW@_:IQ^;[N\TF=

M%QX]C&]\+FFJV(SK&5\$^G!I^R0PI**



MXITEFF4B1M1!]BH8%#S[RG)157T?Y-AP^X2TOZV&G)HSFE8B LIU!-C,)(B
M]?[U,11F(U6RG#ZRT.BF &OHDT]PVR4?OWUX6S?9_%\E=_*UO2L[X
FXSE^



MCFQIZ8!7'6OJFF%/\4MIK GL?+BA.WSU0N@@[
3)I%#2S:%DX7=].FZ @/EL


70P5]#*:4L(T]*BK2.



MMQ G\%&Z(_JW&C&&#%SCXX/K-]J=\=?JIOKW*D!)5G9#_.9&\?+UA?K_K*BA
M_TO\_XHXYNNU-)+?OQ'S^A
O[IB%I)-1?\21!8?=WM+XQR-V5D+3Y5^=E0S?
MCU3C=MK-J;(L/LWX[



MW D5W=?GUF+SWK+R)N




M^H#/\0V&.\UQ6*)?$#'J6/DNZIC-/9%OD3__S-KZ?+]Y9GAATOY3@B+D]2/8

J6[%V


M?U@!OJ2#PL9:F:ST[@'?+

S7 ;Z1*&+Q


M^(* _A'F
\X.]4M&U@(=5R5UFXLU=3ZEVRY% T?+FVO4
R4B_;])?#%O/*P.
ME[J\K46_1:D'].*VZA7=3M9B/0ZG
#\.\ 9/W)'LQ.'C*Z\JG6E/BT@SSV^Y
M#X-O=4POF([0\6AM:4W6U2$N**W/EXI[UTW3;F!@K?YI
:A^-@=*_O 1UZ
MN21VQTY=:S\R7TCGZH@B:S!@O[X6Z-B97+\)4Y*-.6P@9Z@*L0LZ7Z.L^+ZA
M?JPRXPV7?S7G*%Z0#T:L?]/7,WPORH]2_&3/?@P-\IFBW=@;E!Q+[Y&QU]


XXBK=%
M%
8QM7+3O]LEMYBL:J:]74BN6


KFM%LOB'EW


MQ#9LEGYMEYX ]+.P[*M4!$GT3 ED=[?NDNSZ2\M
8B/\I&54Z ^F/P=\]_)&


MN7X/@.%9([2KD*I737?-






&A$
M$K$51P P)5A/Z++P#
ZDT


E^



^&XP6LM



74)] GX.6\WP2_03J^5:DKHF$1CTZ
M94Y8DYB474/D4S;J6GW?T6[Q\Y\YJ(3EXT/\VS
VVSYG95GILR'[RXO0NVLB

MN0:V
D8NAHKBO:C1KIUAA
CKI.C2@05(2.#:*X_T%$:'T9B=7E-0Y5!: ?.S





M74/Y45%)

#:I0)0A[]_G!X=ZU\YW
M-_

-0M/C8XK!Y:]#/RK0@3WL3KZ]
M#OK&/$+V-(D



C

M@


MX-M
5[4EK!YM3JPNFJ0\EK]D6'K:NN?DC]!8]X&C^?Q%U\S*N(74W3J+7P$U


R/&S6ZE1
RQM=9KWYI_:77$651T?5N+5


IU)028JL
M'$Y.9. E$@DUIT#=% 3BUQ8;)FQCMWKL0HWQ;=_][8'@F#83R@)WHMI.;]
M.P=$W)E6_?ISF@0/ 45/*I)%)P-Y/)M[EU:18K$.QT%B,ME 9:1^KZNI#@

MWO1%X

DTE].J%
^+B%V?_DS)!E!9VN!H0KT]Q-R[0'_8V.4981S+4@+Y^_0
M+FZD9B328T+3Q
MA2K( M1^R%6EI*20XQQX;L=I2#/-UG]GDQ#[B9T7)WZD
M]]=J:T\0FG1
TU(5Z(A='$_J@*%(*K-869CYY!7O?V[LT0??NLTPEJ^CG









M])_F!AI4-%2G_&9EM/K5E]0JX]\K0;\.JE]_'H%G!90+&X78JQKRS:@=)\/V
M.\F]8X1Y?B1^GO
C8283Z)/P9AM^D7#.!W;#*4;N-76=D!ZDGO1YG61B;9?.
+L%R^)C<A[\^N6Y_AH=?







3QW#PR





^ZJ 7I9

M]#L

[K!7L%KE)^9L=IC\=C
M#1)L0N\!


M30?6=TZ3)!2.=C3$I@%:4=3ZF/65.\C).:1; 2.:)FN\5;:T&R&\J+5Z:(\6
M%E

M6OO@F;.S!K
@K V=)0_UPW2'P%'Q//MQQ=QS#F)&Y6/9W5NW=^OBO]#N 45U

M;+?)0*4@W.HSD-
8;S/1O
P]5^R-)UZ5W:J.P-*N[L'N#G6<^YA<N'GFDV!V[M#*4
3

M%U1-4!W[&;C?(OQ6-8YADL'O.=-DA7&9!+._'[@QVT_DMIF_^!Y@/JO?$OK#


@1;$@70F4






M?Y3H*[KQEBIB
U068^(-#WW.O=D9_
-OMMEG@-QO0(]TREEDJ^ZQ]MQ\6\Q]






M6EQO$S^6BRX1 

M/V'=%2(FJU$4J*5!?JIDU
 )+(PM2^6-5MA=ZQDKXH-;XNDEA6M!EF&SMBN2
MY%754CRX[! .OS*O=?GK782NN*A;J#E
EZZ

(Y
M( 0&7%?P\;F?[.I/:49;Z
XM#
6C9;D*SC8]V8^X2C)==OZ[;)Z&F3Y(/
M3ME-YYWH;%(4:D(,.A=N/8Q)\5L

MUU D;XB
IJLB#+X





%;'%;L;-7*%
&9F971U3
!(+=0:
[2!D&(EY/Y[7
MC-WF565P';=WFQV8)9P5TDZX@
J?*)NQ1YS-8!62U\@EB/2W@;G]2DLE&-VW
M2

RY R





VSL&3
;
 0XCX'$)I7O
ML7IS%Y_.5K$VPR80^IY91,J@'F=7#,=B+&96MEA,\A:L0N?K+4+Y0MT?(15
MPQ/*]K81!Q00(


MY&:[##!^(X4!B

-)
GS0T-]1 ]5AKN^2'L/M*.:#16


&##X!%XXR9
MCK^A50Q'!NAV#_!4#-296)W==!6B/Y




MTM([!BP
+%(+@Y5TH:

MFTI*3EPR56PX%:_AMR\8[T%M?;6#__IL






M=^6QFESO H;$ !GED4W/8O;BU^I7


MP[\/*^8R'RTV]
J_=;+1*K[67:#

V6?
M7IE]^U1/1H)K_#U -YW_=#[*L'D2Q1X)@W-Z1



M@D)=N

R8^_TC_W)9
I?







J62+X-HW#+XP4*C^'3
MAX#21W[:D_N!$H#I5S]7E'L7Y\.BZWOWZWL=$**!;I+[+\R3+E*WZ


MV%# FK\$R5]1Q/O9_P%02P
$%     @ 0CR33X;3AY;690  ?WL  !0   !S
M869M+3(P
3DQ
#




#$_];^(S[!
M W(*2BKF1RRL;.P@D+(J)B

R-C$U



7X__B-?

_*K







5'0A6


MR'?'''/(O



?6[

M^H

M9



\UV



MJ!R]
RXE9B7
_;\'[O]!8X7%FX]Y@G



I9]/#%D[RMZ:/'@L8_$@[[A3MK\XK3W$BUJ

M0]3:96
D.':$AQU
)
\2'LM\)HCP^6Q_Q[5H* @XMKE_P:)YR!+:5)$.
C(7

5 UW\](9A+B?B


MJ\.
WPWD,_88R:*2$/E=*)J<B^RE)

M*V



M;N.8I*31]MV

7A%6X[B54Q#S$]Y_NGRH49&
M^PFL/9D6S) 0'\


M




MQEH(18R+


MTU H.R0[;\TXQ

MZJ2H5
3*U
R1FHJT*P#QIODH@#YX_FJ1!?D1)K2WM=?1#(:5X%D_+%


M]=^'P

M^+LB$T.WU^ZV(NVZ40-4VZRWLOZT&Q:UCC#N  OJ]YUGG07$MIH:%=!++$
4
M
(X//KDO%_/;0)ZK11#R(WMC1_\)2V[@0B 5%YT7M_8C Z$U):/D3.GNE$YD

GY*C*)M

M9WQ\Z



'[0%:8_SHP8%TRT\Y(!
M3L0LYR/A?DXGZBL&BJZY7/21!@4I2\/O5L+=\; &XZC34PH@. O)]L;Z9$
M5[.&VWOAES0!B(=3'3=WXJM64A;E_]0W\*U?R95I5-[G8Z4?X@\)Q+4(!



G
#CPWV


(X]_;%P
.9:NP'KDH%0X4K5K)83H\NS_U'3<
<@'4DIH4/^*9<B 0C6*\*
MFA)0P*-G-\[@XUWX L\_:72T@

A^
*
M=OSI_='SF%:Q5/<S]V^&9XG-3IV?Z WNW8DE%/V!OKA^$_@AQ9E:&G#62




#MRIXM










1


M^/KZ
M0L N6U/)11GX^BWTAL*G\=$F
GXI ?=.;/?Z  JH'?AZN=?0&OU\//)](G




DTK.SW2M278?$M_=WKQ'RPN=<(6&4F)MSM*L0R1K;^SBPY$/

 !!;\H
BCW9#IH#\0(6EG^;I..
=O]Y%0&!6;/+N
$3T)(#A(\^B1



MY

[/GAT93^TE\(?2]HQ&W12&+Y64H0SR'$A*\$+G]U7X#SN6]Z_
MS[NT5R2K9YTX SJ=1/RJTZ:22QOC=I[J4YJ.&M2OA?N]&U7*+*E_WV)[4$O7
M%DW/%2&/3



M(!#BL'\^W-,,I\"U[)7SK!%G:VPE$2MC-\94356+=^V'K8:0M06W 5[KGH
M]]B01L7YLV7,;=5IVMM[^+2[OWTOF),6!+B6^_H3B$4TI!4^


9[^77M7[



1;53UR%6ES0-[$P_-KM1Z\

K[8






#Q1<G$1.;\4%;[N]TTJ;61HW[]XK2)QD6(H[OS++)Z9QR%^)
MYE0.-U# @N'VGD3D:-:!<*NRR1+1&7:,63+SOA7;]19X,R'16WGI#/J6:1<



.
JH_&97+19CQKX


M7TC?/8

@




M6WS@]9T&B_%XOZ*4U^?C49P/.C$EPG^HVN+ 2=AF*7
4IGJ\;FOJT*& N^_V

+'&.=1\XWD09/IZST3W\2K?*6;

G8:\UF&UQ\CS?
MM
$.



?XOJZVR^I34W-PJ80&X1F^
MDAPK

M%\-HQV#'G=GMT/T[ K9UR6B


M7WE






MX\[DDE EI\_E;X3J@XTC

/[


M8T9;+)U+RX_*X\BK5)7Q[;6
GE[;-N (93
6[;MOYI&55RH%5.N[^AX1%;-*
M@5RV
MY\H=VQ*N'_63R.%^_M(-V@MW'\R7N=I1]#[TCHA^W )([\C*5\(O-T$WUV$
M%K49.CF/0(
).FQHTS8A&7[DS_$IGBU=@=&F/BS5YQ0GX6_&JF(.D@C@4^6E

1

LZZGP#UI.HY
:
=*)./%BTS4SEXO5NEK9S8;_Y%TRN\P\+&P_


[/6DY-\&6X/D_L3XZ%_ED=^I$/TRBJ+\R\3

IL





26UOWC)
M-=];+&
)N6T3='2L
LD


M/IA(4OA/;-P;0D

M_=1$NATD4!'7%!J?4J77!3'/4E?&
:'B-=07?DFRJ*YNY?&L01M-N.I7

M.7&2\8X+'N2S/HJ\DL@8%




M$:7LE_JZ:]6.2(\]GE6_SG31^,[86)WW4@%[&OYQ%N[6[ HNK\G3K
'\%O

B;
M^;='/!'3@VI_7N*?]T7KAT/DW]_5Q/@KE&OU;4H)#SHUW9TWU_/.MQ&\2;EJ

U6DO8) 6Q J@VU]J?V%20UQJY=<R5DZW9,]<
MS_+E(Z74]*C^)FPC52&P+;.#4ZG+DJ]-.!I4B^.*$2[F-VJFRL!-ZIY!'(:
M/I^N5ZX#'EU&#%U/5E7!NQM73/ZX(__':
%\69!.^+'2_IO=^:/B&DK530=E




M5 7SJ&9
?K 5R2W[Z-G22OGL_5L4M_#HC_ RBX3.%48\V69S[.1R^?9BD(



MR;H6F!;SX/G



MV(2VLFSA1H[%7XV37





M8LBC)=F7#VL2S'_PT&'



/H[REW\ONSLH4$7%R-4Z)$:Y1

L@=&;W_


M&NY*XGQGHE^9




):
^7U_%#4GHF&$J1J
MI2\OB#7+\G_E$R^RGZYC]Q9G82\.D\K?J



%%E0XA5GS@4422B[P=Z0^-A(*73LN=UP+]@/BCHN^

MFQJEH]A :L[81E4I([K0NIR.3!+=NJV!^=L]

MZT
!
HF'V
6?ENK#-0:*EK_()9@
FP%




HQC!_F/!
MKM)?W9-BTTLK[QV=JUN*Z_4'!.^KGR:2#-RI8/XR-FT[0N_PBNDK1% EC-#





M5P?%L77[-A((P4YP&22! 





M^%2W#X2963BDIMY.\WYWB[7(Q
\0Q3TM=/^JXJ#%^UI33^H.U'#^X9+[7Z U



7NJN0X)808K@L
;&#4M7\


GTM*A;X

M@*;=IO
#R?'#)8WF5=O3
MD^SM[
IHPQ_+.WL4!G(0\MS
T/4X0'C]R/H=XBMUZ]^?$66ZD[/LU-^=?Q .


D3^/J=^9-7\Q_L7X%^-_A5&)

M/2 
'4W&X\9__I./H;R





HJFLO!
7DA']A/'/]LW!G:2.F[[4HU02V*4$E
M01W

M'5$ TQ@OD^]]RQ3RV4QP/NGC;SUZ8(43UR-AKRXTZE+R ES#W[^(*BH6@RQ;




M%A:

M^+

MU/2I2E#CH3+#[&PT8D!01
[/Y0U5P
%8[]U?4DE
BYGQ?J!0@*G-W[&5?=
B

ME@E^4-S
\1N=.YTK;B0F:%WP3@IY=9195C\$IE D
5F95<:E/L<TZ=EUQDUSZ9%#

M;Z&E

B7-QR?OP$6;W
M-P/QK:.^X0'[4
@UG=W7.C]=VB1(KG:(#A\1BKI]8Z7/J5)UG=#PJ[3PVCYN


MA#63

B]7LL*H_[
MAG32%PFJR6+!T9#=\A;\E;O1.TXJ_4/]Z7:)?OXCCO7Z(YOB=: !2)VP1:




4L




?*+
ZJTZI9WW4/D29O

P/ JLKM#@F]T'G#
MP;;K-+5+K@.=]8W:X%H2VH2<;TH23AC4.2*-.::DVUX^M?ZDHP&Z5)O#G0T

MXE'H-#WJZ*G:&+O$[49R3L\/




JD3J@CDAK']*'BL$V:



/) NSR8]SW

^


MU+]@:_1'NX069&W1[M7W9)6I%5ZN^U:2S4=Y):?@M?G/383V.]/*MF$/T@




M?LFXEUEQ7=7J]9I%Q&&O\=6


9-IGF.GE:1H;+YV\T3

.U;8=%BV++F/F@966

M(=*  [C5^NGG!C%4M7/94XE+KW/UM+-5TP6:PLGH8 1RQCM+Z6/(MDR1O-=G


*^*?E)=58LL-9M8N00#S6RAY.JF\ST/@SGCF%E

LX





SMJ2+@ C2(I_[
LO1FS\0G&5C2
IT1Y2U&!3M?
MC=SZ84/Z*70KAO?5


(%]DP+QW:N;D=+ Y!2^KI!VJ;VA.
?K0T99@
M9FPT6_W-G02-Q_U3?4AT0V[E)L_2EF%OX]JSK[Q)CCA-]');UO/X[X*^BI^)

M-_G%H&N\0--MJIR9[^WD#T4TK%1R'24MM;F.1[=@5X!
O=GO.SV0PWO!I
M)(F6_+O:Z%TNQ4Q]\UC4 9]#.9^CN*^M52.$H3#Y28R?L16_G3I=)BIM63[
M=&X2?C[+*')ZM ]-7A&AI'ROM(?RDEDVR2E2K68/NY11R[F5SF.@[4
=F IP

&(LHI\L%A;7EFCI/1AEK


M38PSI2L4TIKQ6*WLS@?DW2?_40MKI=RF5
.?A^9D$&Q.:=J?\F_IF/KN=B7Y


MEI[K]?'5O8C@A_OBS))X%/'*W4]
'?+PJ.)$$?6QF,$7KYF2?&Q?F1KW9CN
M%U1.GX&
QCV
KF[8 !8SIHN#!7


MP@T6!BP=?&JCCNB9+7&
=RPZF(8!]W Y?+0\7.8M78@QEH)5WZJ5F9PJ)GI@
MPDA +-2[*


9C\'B^G'/$@GMT?-6?@L :RF</&SO
M2FT+)=6SZZ(TR!CC%LQ\]UA0JE;.N=^@?58Q/DMH;6J
EHKW/*0(CAWHME





M-O:CK-IRZU;\4841I
M9&=Q1-[(0):_;#EHN9=S8U
D;%VOO$Y\?0MDKYTW41YMYGCUTR@!RE0RR%8)

08TK

SN^%4[\R#U^P3UN
M.2? 4[6^S:A;O
=:O_@^-BK6N4Y]. I-X



C Q.3$P
S%?9S0N:G!GW+P'4%3?




'XQ\'\+\/#$PL
M;)Q;N'CX!+?1 ZKO I@86%B8V%@X.-C8Z+
^Z/
 -@D.Z0-^V5OW-%_C
CF1
FEM86EG;.+NXOG=S]_#\\#$P*/C3YY8V]Q\0E?$Y,R
ML[)S<O/RPHK*JNJ:VKKZAO:.SJ[NGMZ^_K'QB<FIZ9_SLPNKZRNK6]L;FWO
MP(^.3T[/SB\NKW[KA0%@8?QQ_%.]2-!Z86)C8V'C_M8+ ]/M]P 2;)P'_+=(
M935Q7SO=8Q+PQR.3B\XH;\-G%GQQ2/[FW2@!!8O0
BO\MVK_T.S?4RS@_TJS



M ZLULX+76\G





M\7O8OHMZBD$CE? NY2E4^Z@V[L .EX'$Q'EKH:\K_VF;K%H^3(1C]BHY%;
M-^0;2;!PELE2;Y99UYIR
UNW$MF:%65$_OX2)SN5+KOUI?HT%G
RK5.S$YQ2






3)=MTP_!?
M(XQ0M





M N 1B#9B=5\+K?NX2D2/Z&Q\D9N3-672AQ_A&X1YXM][J=H8IW.
OM?J5AHV


MW+@\S^D\EOXQQRJ]1%4\\]

@G96-W5F2+/]:EDLXVD)4VWS
OVDT#(N










M-
 BMAP4G!0J


6H6SQU@OQH]0&-V
MWX[S.GN)\.UQ[_W-


6I3# V5QQK /XR6_9U-XJ83Z6J5LPG(B


M?\IG$^W[WK@K/L(\SAX^*[C-M9&#&JGW7&G]*Y.)XU3:&.'CPMMH:4A6& A-


M]09NHB2:S!3TV$183B
A0L6.)(K?I.GQ*UG@0]NMRE]2H

412C@-B:1ZM/1W-&1A48;4;E3ZL6KNW@
];@RKR_5
MGX8Y]T'E
D




M@S\G



M [?GF4'K]RDA2U:7JH





MH@!9\KB2G5I-WO7
[5@5_$_0V5OO_?1BS[TLIZNMMF/$QNR^!\A??UPCWURG


M85]]:.])@E9/?U:*B?L9QE(%-_+$04LQKR^(7I5I.[93NW1/DFXI)!Q\[K







3*;6:_7

8ATWS\GS02(\

QB*&)44ONWDDO(A))<^)31*EY-F=HB.R:I&T(&P1\?3
M0]-F?_O72)6F@LVKWZY





6Q?OSZ]!


3-ZR*M&6;C:+K@FL==
2&
M\/5=TI&A  \&B_
%WZ+-RZMO:&=Q25[^ES=\M4O]3
0R^+L=RG+R_XL.YMI%

M4]](P39]5DW*G]G0_4CC.C/GOP3QY^
GG76U%?7UT3DZM9']'R/C[HP.U^=H



M
/)I5KJW6$O+^)SN1*E3P=



_^P@C6][


MF\M


M)2)O


MO;0!]I




G3G5.\GQ!D%
M




4[3$FJ-
AW

M?4
!O[C)9D#]R=6TUF&/2H

ML)

M5U_9;$)
.] 3!=



T5C<&=9V<\%
=H].0O


SX6+GMI^9[0_+KR[-HRX;ZS+F-C

;-7$.X_VL6R'([^X;*6O

Z


:JJ/[0L?O@:..A:SKRTC
Z[G37XT_:JU:6EB=?)6/3G]5^_?G%KJ[_[=



MB Q%VL5M=.J\9SA^19D#=KX_=11D!U)TLR.].8%'5+P(=DB+Q1/TBX/J] 9
MX&7K1=)49BCC62S2\KSU6 R3#



.U
M




01
CCIVIJ$@ZEBZV'[Z_#&?[)&@VU_52Z-^9NZ&(O0*1JF)O4P&^=


Y*END8

H-$ ]!_H4?+(5#+O+^1./KO%&G;OY
ML.53*L

ZKJ05




M_ CCUAO7::7X:E'%%ZK%AC

 *D=FOFL&IGF?]F-+4\GWG=!P1^/(&<4P)L8V7K%<_0XI22BVR
MR#-58$ABV)L-ZJW*G=E[G:92N%.GK\MN%?C?XS) \WT.%TX&
S'-P_1+8?



MK89%#61:IX'\J3V]]:_V$([B?^

MUN[/'O;#7(]JZ[HOS@G#X!-O7]0_Y=T=;Y7K6K\I32





T



M3OD$8VM8U9
6:JVQ3






*&RI-$=EM&QE*Q



/@1_.7A.GM+O']


_






MAA!.RCT







%-B2#UW=C'H8\L
@-%XG2-=14WWY$G?7DM.OST@&2:M_R-G9
1
JPG^2

:!XT;7VW
MO#5]*\8J2I4VJ28C/Q%/$FJ^J(=UX8-C4%E57]O8'&^[_9 Y]?'HDU[ SPQ'

&AAF*(T'#-KF%L?RNZ1
EZ-

M-\9J5==%7&;6?#92M6/&?J:\%+_#/QUB/:^5UWMIE#!@&G4CUSZG79;4?_2


M?6

DEE-M7'QY@[&
YOP GMCDBKKT8K-


M?M_0%6)H\^CS70%E':











-ISR-19K=]^'!6TJ[QN8*TDV4'*3N9G&R0RS/.TZ+


2NRY^1TP791SW'!B6E



KKY0PK*S4;)$=TYCTD7:5BX&7F.@4F#HX?3C
M)NH1.Z$/D9.


ZQ7[[9'ZQ?
.;LFOP&=@MV[GMBA?8<+ \5WE04CLL?WN%[K&J3@R




M3



MOHX-1





$B*]WK



MX=6.7&BNALC%G/T-+J XTRE#=6'BR1/BYJP--:FXAO@EV1\OMNYXRA/,G$








M? IK_02I@'5*MW+A#(LA5#68\Z_E(.\UKD]@RTI_V:2]&MX2*/DIK]Z+\[K+


M\A)-GA2A]=6A;7YSQ%=/FOV(+ZC.[F!N?I6U,]T*8HXM=?7K+ZY1'B6KQ84
MFE-\0HIL]8UM(3LZC1*[N\G=NNW-DB3O2=O/ALPO;P
1EZ3-WN6A?D$LN^7
MP(YED*&9E_LG8]DK94?QH\AZW,'E'_&4H8_UP:GS(PM@ ]0@&P-X4PVP;=



O56./.-J:4U2$0LGU&?/6. :%F.ZK?






ML:KK

Q?&'/*+IK


R N'C^^CM2Z







6R=HCC0H]SF /[


MR0!9U2J0:7_YXWN7%Y
GC3ZV2HWC]D&OZS]G.=B=




M6PH2=722!C*WDLW7QH6%T


M?EIGV@FK
63IK0ND76-%XXJTM/500$(FRW  !6!&7@:7I24LMO[XO1T120HA

M^'5%^NM+ZFX'[ OPS_*Q5WTG/+AK1)K_D#.EB?P?]QZ#V+K/;MYH!!47'X\L

G@8
[SEII7L,SWIM;
M#BC&<[_N1F_U$&8 =4XPUZ)2@S]W5F#_8F-1T:N9;R)D2;5O6&B;3WVCR




-DC

M)+\8'3^R2J+
? 5N4A1&^
A/GMCAW82M9.%=HQA:4=/CR2B+U(^H0^5\CUN



B^1MOA,5\8
M'[WZ,P'_G$5FT^]Q)Q)3CFR5)J5H.SEWXP=BAVYQ;X4)A881\V8RP@FF?
M[5\8S



M[SS3895;8'_V%E@I%8RR+ZJ[LVAE[A9NM;L%P'EO;H'C
;FKLZ#SDC]2BO_R





-
ME2



/5


YYQ.3CL57YB4+

4#E?
A\$'
MP!@


M6W4S/I!'Z

M:OS?


M:MPWUIHB]%!^05 ?@L$R 3H%_QS,I1(#E59$-:N)0Y_#,-_-!@]44F/9/AA
M-.[R.E8-IIPI8A..IKU$ HKAWKG :UP7YBIZ-^M\YX:3_!'.C*TS1KNE/L]
M4US#

M
$:
?0U#KWTN6/[?XHP!]/N0'T$0H$UL^PP5!,)]LZZ]E.X$[CIWTA)QWC
M6\!1.)S=OO(9B5)G
6NO
D*TE
S#\$0NKB@63&\LTTGK)CHR\]1_=1!6(FX%

M
?U8GG;P%FJIH60SGIZ-


0P91OFN'A^\4XW5'2I0I
3$K(?
M



0_+





+[YME)] SQV



LX%Y&/




+&L&3L*\J2+(G&1(*!SDQCRS/0_UH/=
M8

M-08GHN /A


M#8.##








M;\)TQV-1#






M

7M-;3;G/#F()U


PD



M5
:K3=@T/&9%BL*0+55P/%^[28T&T4G8-[

?D.K




M3



C2NTLVYRZQY5-9-ROGH ?2XSHH)AWL!X?YD2 *'5M




MNBXTB^]6\S]D4XI-SFV_CTGAN;C(P;2/=



]*4
&

MI^5D7U[&9Y?$:0DG:SN

M[HC




%3(:]FLJ7OY(



DEK



'T:E;P%4[






M.&






MT@7X:BOK$JVMS@!L(2.

MKA7QNHIN%W7#S(]W6E  B0EAQ)&FU9LHIZ\GB^N-[NMI@Z03X?YF^GQ*8;RM

YT&9[MKJ-M5U]RLP-TFT_B6/)L

MM.81OR9-3]O^S$L
A0T,\7_<O?CJT]$2Q[
!
M+\!-ZB66[ZDNOXDZMY][O_WT\^,8PVKXW]=TD/)\J?E9+Z$+6K8(LR^2:9
M'G:IL&9M:Q&R

4

M:S2@25_


M;^:M#W V-


)H4+JYYC


_E9V77?L


MPB


%&/WQ;O-V]E\ 4$L#!!0    ( $(\DT^SI^2D

#$Y
3 S


MXM -




9#X
8
M  &7-QS9[_'^
;B2*]U8D\
*39X]3;YOR_)


MY&G&D4I2OR*:!0ZG=

?VLP^
GGN

M&

_M=37;C7*7_6#
H; 62KWU\BN
M.KU ZA%^/O8
Q*I6J*!3W46GBGN7Z$/B(
\HJQ@U[#(+FU81A6/L3]0(E9HJ
MZNAO2:7:3S6S?





MSQKW!L@W%Y@FSZ4E.V_DPWU6
'(



\'A-2E9]5:Z#06IC[

MC*:C]


H[+#TIM8.*M;C3.6\[GWELSK+6ZKV?9

63#9K*SJ9ZCMCND


M @0ZEY:UX^_/DF*^M']9CY(EC'$6HKX*7VBG,]BC+]1T3:XZ@U+7NN6-;%

=@J\Q


7

B_:42JH;3F/GHNG^AYQ


/@4^QE3%[%CH+EV
U\

M*XIADZ%-C.BZ#\C#]


:;Y.1M
M?-SERQ=OZV*;-35MIGZ1]J7

MO-(]+@9L U(
CF#1YP-J
+E




]+;K


M==O5VC;4D9 N

MLXF7]6 ]#[F(EQK$$XKK+)[&8&D\J&[XU(!W;,S?%OMN/Y\4Y8BE+TR8=4W
M5F![7=\)=^BWEXA+C\L1_
IO2-]2/G6A0S&^)O1A8M5N1_V*K.4&U&*HIT1


ZT2S




+=F^.KA43#W'
\)PZW&


MJ9U




M?P/=
^__%K!G7!SHY:F0\+P9MN]
2KX_LNJ]N\ES9T2)]]

RTFK]Y]R
HAPCW)D





L:B$X\[+M36:Q#
M8L1L=@3 \?_!40'F;BLP4:&:V;Y?E6Z-B2[WD*3YQJ.TBF[P*.=)MX BYIBP
MV36F*1* X8+.2.63D !C)/_-
@


!3

%&
!/C/+U-K]/0O]E0[/;VJ1+/;;1##XWE(0#NWGKZJ





A\K2$2DG@1B\'^?WOLD1
MF

MN
8T 
-PD

C@BR&86N$5NA;
J

MIAP9\%\/:^-=D:/?KT-
%1@7TA:(H*4]Z_$_J\%


_VHZ
M$*T7YPY5%XCZ]LI3+2_+V28L='Z9A]=4^SNV!OH:CXKQ,MZ#3S&TC*Q5[;5
M8AW?^YU RX0+XPD AH1]:PJ4'UQY[=Q\G4A?=W*DD*M.5ZMP+]XX1_C45.=

_19PX'


M37[=+?@70Y+1^






MX32F+F6N . 


MQ0]#47BG!^N

MYX&O^5&HFH T.CWTSEW


)T


M6F0R.^@)3@NJ128!;[&5R(&=\[WM%D[V^V3)FZVF.



?




YJ$4A _=M;2-R[CD+I-KI/9R6UW7:M#*W#





I


MX^=C;AXWJ(Y[/Y3\A'


M4' 4ZY$N*N6Q7%Y$$FR

N


7\B$XYA(BJ?*9[1[IQZQ]UK?D
M7=XI[8;N





MIE+JVF:]!)W 6PAG(GI'_%7R[(^P*QN?LQ_/-LQRT2^G5)R5V6T6J;FO]PN_





Y
 S_DW)0Z.CXIN5H[6%U


M?_%
TAM5&]$IX'\5 +Q;1)@S

VY0FWSM+D.9T9

MOL4SZC*\/]3)JDW3=V^TCB&#1! G-\ZF^59ZQ/C..]:PJ8O9TOL[I.5(O*
M3=]1[N\_T=]Q@\U PFNY_;@_^7/ -!DR5*R@T1325;_1G+.
/3;R459-Z^Y
MV!XC@;9.T+))(24E'4=V1+307'::7PMXR&HD



G
FFN=:%ESDO(2V0

MWXM\&/_VEOB.*Q'^]!C?N1+.;%-V-WF





RV7%]:

TL)/_)&/W$WZTC

S
Q;Z


M;YZ6:

]RYG'#ZH\*=0GZ!#6U%*O
FTOUHYQ;

J4J9DH]99/C[



O+B&.C1Y9F'P9-VQ#
%IUEQQJ3\893T;#YMIP?YSM:[]$)YW



MMAV6C^;TM7$Z9';'PZ%




Y2/'Z%4UU^%FO[ML9^:2X2E2Y@OA:
MQ^.\WVQL7&ST$7WR+4W1:_*_TGK5WU5OZ42YRM00K65&ZVW8H=\ZZOYBC.=

MOU&B=WT


M6!$*H.K8

 &NCY?_P:!\+4:??$1F1LQ5)S)TJ


L*#F8+'*-9^H3$0Q
M&%TY#C&V]=(
) S&D/@%$]LIA:HKR,





-));(]61#KK1K]^WECN!*%U\L$C9


F=:R O30\G

M?7Y+[! I





BN@<EA)II6MH-I)L4$M[0D20B%]*,+A?4$Y$ZUF:IZKDVJ*-@);W&)7F
M-BPDFL569Y-WAQ*S.TJ9XEDWG^\T_X:#<X9M% L

U.CQ$

MY)NJRX=7LE+J_!'9PXQ^2A3]KC1^
Y8G_;'+^V.
+JGGC0[QN2BAF1K%_B;T

.KG'W?H3L
)B0 7:FU




M*[Z-GCW3S*XI\WO%#05B.U8



R2SM(
(31

MKY &*@L[I=M8Q* OPXDDSIJ2A0&SA[MYDI4XIF^P1C_-T/T.X682^55[9AE9
M^H^.Y:;2_9'XT-WD63ZC19TB^;)_D(*=Z'
!2C&LSLZU6/H9P?EO\(VEW.M
MO%I8X/PHD??YQCAW*:#HU2.9WVB4E^7QK







M(YU



D_(A



MDMDEZB[_
QCD_XP2W-R)K['+T:8F\GTJ]LO5VE7.;-O2BEL=4S%@B?ER]4X]

 _/]D(9YK9RI;[#OWLB?&W=0O:H-Q


M AVC47U?YSAI?3TC%;#)T'&&!

!SQ\O:!PAM\'A:4#W(:0R;V$7?7D!9MIV4=O




S<SD8!)*1D

M
73-!_(H%^^R02X_H+M<BK4_6C

?)9Z8?H%SY[]X-:))


R*Q:]0]


MO7W:;VUG]^J*Q;-B5AZ&6A+1X)









M@Y9X:Q1Z\F#0_42S
K6 ?



3:03M41SE,I# T/!X@!5TE[ 1GJQH10VOP(I58)2
MG+#4VD*C'A8TD&0UL/5GK

M^F0YF*4O=A'#/JM\\XOZU1T$L3ISS*&_+#5]_AI
7&



;B._Y(I49[S=D4Z
M$);5AT7T3(\)1;6M@5.F86S[I22PXO*
X&U^8AL$)DSM19]DKX_(5YR6#8


M

DX1[1^JV*] Y.[V#?34OOCT!!Z:[6]OCMWDWK-BFK


CYZ]*_L_3_RHBH
MO_$





9YGD

(:![*53R%9G!#.6YTJ9]7.RS=PLL^7T]R YC
M#_\OE4K_,X,]!LX@20G'?,^QPMCM2J(9@DD#8T;[0==ZXVI7EJ]ZD78S)OI
MO:I95B+


'YB]-]_!#WAR@AP=O





*0AL23OE7CP148*HHTIOS(;

*TX


M%+YM(I\^(J$NYLV1D00+N'EL71HUE#.FO1_MQP8_RLAO=ZO%=PN4WIEVV;L[
6V@9V6]'.L3X2_;:*FNQ6
M@'A,_HT)MEBR]](IY;8TK0!9B-DR=@VV?4YH)T8]&*9R%']T783NT&X(4P.A
M+=+66?_A$@L=H!--^[0&[Q)?KW'[V;=C+L F;X:K*_@;P^:&$L^Y=]Y]J


:7;9 R(

;8J.NZ96X\L9F:1T M
ZBYO!OVY :
MDE=G?H8?@XF








M

M
M6#L2R([87;F0'TPW#R)5^=TOCK.HI$P43R;;P1-JF^1P?:YV9I^*X%#T\S




MS:%$^YXAI*G^8=NNB/HB'&E[9\6AWY^HXO!#L.?OKX%K&'*P:[#=)L!_H&2
MZM0,#I3=JJZV6B/54[N6-1WU4'46=%DRG6!^9 A5YZ&QM=7.*-_=A(**7UE



6[
@

M^A





(J=9@C

FD^LZ__Q6/:3^9-/3RA&*
MTR '6!A;DX\CSN$C?&V.R[%\QU6
B5NR5M8;

MX]*V]D&8+M[R+[L/W1K#G?(K&G==?=+.4$2+]3#:OTN:/Y7(3J#R;;4;[1B%
MIZ5;-[:I6TQ@


MZFE2G+:K#L;YVH%:-BI-MF/O4+TMO
O)21#^4=V4.5@#++_GMZ&0WYN;


E@XZAC8##V8!B



Q/Y];#Q)-L
H9GV5=N<ZC@N Y.&J9/I9)S8HI\<=6E#4:+Z4
K-:JK#]V;



MKD6


/31GR^S\.2DO3*0%@SN74H[







GY-P7!N;6%5


*#0
SI

F-JEBJ3S9%




'O;1NB!AIFFL#B?-KIH'GK_AC'K3*

PC7#G\WTB*6=)%8[N0PDGXR


7PU[ZGC*R<QG3?*'K[$'[*H:(A3D*\-UH[UWE'[I-+


M+\



=NET&T8
MN_(BK[9&1GQ.[!.7G:&*51?G192E
XMS[HS8]H?)Y[C&PG4Q1^27LJB?68:

WUNX%G$O#:G;C/
W *OM'G#A5?XF5'MH?.
ZFY'O[A9


U:5P N[(FB08:3.R
M?W1W?7PO.VRF5X9)4



ME% P&SX*T3
(H\D EV<+)L._7P


5B7?1
M9O*QD_U K2M[IQGH.0BR
5^_6DCMC;D8&136G0?62N2'M4[:$3T6$:OZ-
+?






0O\6RE%^B9F;_6CSF4(A?R
M4(YS%IC0






# FH1A%$$:;\(KK##*:X3V?0\9(MP







V<^KM+Z/VLSC@!






+-VPOB@P^Z##NT09%X]E+'K(U


M+MV)D;+GM3V50$WS(]:C0F





M#[OOH:D&V#XZP5/RD6)+2W


-)9837$0&=YG@KM%B?([)F&@-V!MJGZW@?7$WUMAOE[$4N#DQ\
MJ/Z5'[:&V]MJ[?*0-XW

M=
*[(HHWC6;@P&)9TQG0O??'RO^^M'R6#SU:UXK7KQN.

#$Y
3 S


)R9[(J


PS]_*\6?_O.? *CA*%8+^4DJ



T(20T15!$D:ZWDK








 TP0R(
F4J8R[1]7LS4





M]
JV-(K_Z$89-O#;\4?/H Y
)H=X:H7U1PMJE4&E
]!*UYO5_9&+ T1]
HV-


0T224
ML:99!E(H DPAF




MI\SC? =7-J(GV;M#[XV=ZUCP09D+1.D

MR^.][Z
&H?KMBXE^'PZ1#)/[3D:*AICD]^(68S%JUW7&:8RCR7BQ'J

M
JYD#T?G5RZ7M
A7OZP*^5EK$.-WLBS-3PA_E'IP+M?-:2DG.(P2&D 12+T.


0U\6#_(XB
MUGH)
M_:27U64;312().1$P(2C&+&,0JPIF7&4R%00A=:D?T'(UB^4A/LZ^E
M*)> M*#G'N 9F(Q/D?'AW$L0.3!L#U-Q*
5[0^8
S(N((ZYB)\+HD#4U
MQCA0%1A=@5'6,43;!F0[TN@)NH%9PQLUCUMJWCT&Z)U6=S(H5E7[3X-R;K^


89(?-YFZ&X-(?EQ=.J

M7CQ_





MQ[D]P#0PX9[B



<I1(1JNL(4PR1*0_TW&:*(S?=+O5R?

MHPOJ#%BO7JF]]'$=56=43GQ7]Q8\W%F30RI?5X)TDR8I=;Z\ETL3]+C+
_O9


MF1O[U



M!&8XC6%

0NL+5V:?A$<
G5<+
2.Z[+8XW#BK#B\ZEMWITG3*O=*9\PY





!(V=




B4_@\7(F1

M\TBM9A54VR@Z W7)JP'2)%E@TBM[=

BX^Y:7


V/['5<O/

\Z.%[U&-H:?W\=JFUJL 5,LD4UW]PY-IHOQK5;3D[?*C+/*5
M^)O,[Q],$9/ZWNG/)F3@%5W+-S0O_DH7&SG'E.<R@2F&6<0213 3%$
.5(T


G.#*4(P8RR 
F%$ABR.
M0N$T[4W&LJG-L[7Z0&P*$X&G;3
?CS;D_Z)OR6[&GXR^$W(Q]C





!$GDJ8NV_#GQ4QM ]Z4

ECL='7


OGM69@Z^L2.


;+7?)?D#K?[#9G&ZCMO0J9TZ-/CN^9ZNHV.3!





%TT.H.W.SB7 FS5


$8BJ$+$(*(B@52&10L
M3!%.& V14V+J\V*F-MH;+

M
.

7QP6*
M0Q_8

+JW2X(=6[1\-PEO-=P6%!O RW!'K.:V$K?2Q$TTXHG(F]81K


)W.#[X@UH


06F&P8HO\





MJ[D;F_/=:_XBM80WVKJ7JV45]&.XUYNRO7J419OEWRQ,57\[C0-Z/^9N[)S
M13*A,%(P0J'$$291*2)
@E4&012P5;GG9/+28WFJQ



MNP;X)$M9?)'S *688
GUDCN6$$4HAEF6


M/#3#+

JR#7+VGY


M
4R=$BPXJS UFMO=K]DE6'#




M!W?WA:QN0C@$35P!N9O

MS\6J+.=

;1;W-0\5H^:[5?P
MM..X_E :F




M&=@:!W;6M;N)SZ
[=1-N4+^BBNEJ5
M2,FP,BGAE,8?R3B&66K6I5@PRE1 A3.ZU*ZOZYIL;9C+RO9+N/J6(/AAEBC



MSVJG-Z@JY4;_!BH#'&OC.O6

)UGR.6%3H[-7^[5VZ\SOCHOT3FCM*HOP ;FHX.:N[6B5;G=
M01;A-I@,5'_W5-[WJL)[T?*.6KR7WQDAWM-7O4A])R))$A0E
(P336O)(+
(Q&C,$0)BK5G)DB#FFB&!1<9$($2!([]NR4
C5F;+4#

P6=E#8Q]P;&-Z![/H]_=81?_MF%&Z!8P3B&QCXS8$

M
\50
MJHC;.9$(IZ%2
%
\A(A1!#/$
HAQ*N($HX00IR2Z';*FQC%M^EAS8+NJXL/K

Q=V3T]9Z#[\L$M.[*7X!AH0_9$W/?:C[UD=\=V[
57

#A6F1C!;

RRX U/1E?P8.]B_3WX
9T9-UWL]%]THZP^
!J8F'8J-I=Q3/+56LL^+]-TX]#O-9D+LD:^

FIXYC3.5!!S!
 YBB-*4







M)

@9EABA/611K)\HM'KU+W-388JLMJ-2= ;I5M4V+]D.^;'Z\
M7 _*!W@[XN@/SH$YY 3))E_93MD^@\IM0.DW@+Q3XLC!XC;6GP:&6[WEF;R$

+2[92J[+(!DG++FZJ6KV&:I2+7*GN6/Z$BO4LYAQCK
 XH (
MB&1@EL%1 *




MZ3/![9HJ/YNL[ZVYA +TT#D6IU_C0CXPC^Z

^$%=

.^F^UWWJSMO5FU9-COOIX.
M]OK#M_



Q:06UG# 5GGB7D:
3W#.QC[ O6SKF7/;CH<][P1S
M7FRD^OEU2JD_5;3@&2:*!F


2THCKE1F.
A:EG(C$ZI)1





W5*G8?.
M9#U^N5I6R5A


:J4A
M:[0&/RSEVARP:DFR^)_K
Y066.(PXFW6Z]TL]BP6 ]^UM/H#2K &\U!JWH5
M8M J[Y/=P UHARBP0 ?*6!@J__L O+47FW$ $O\#JC =Q:'._@W\O2@S-^


M2*NZ 7O';85W
ZB=JSW_UL=;^=V
P
$J\/;6W-
?\[7UEE'
Z_Y&)#%U6^
M
RZ)DHF,.(RA8A$)O(R$3.LT!Q)GJF&V*X+,2IC;'5$HV;(;-9V3!Y^'
M\LJ4T0=  \\&'M@X)13NM/_6Y




^SCLNZ7G<^CT+4[]W? ]%
MC'RC]ZQ]I_=WSS_F-^!-.FF33=KD-?ZLFZA3Y,N(D(ASB-)((J%A PQ<T!(
M1:QP%L6ATZ@_)V1J0_\PK_8



S
 OLIR2;@9V*

MB!*8A!I_%(8IS-* P93J/Q*!)0L=\XTY:C UOFH- (T%YI!UI:?MU@B@]-]V

<+EE%/(!HL;$@MU-C]:
M=B$;(_=3#%D]WU]IR;=EN9%BCN




T\)4WFR3KZ1QC%C&.08&R9(&60L
MT








MG$ 4A(GV#%4 E:EH$Y*

M!RB'WE)J
=0JUEO.LQ:['D.!NF'H-?SG@JAQ0WZZ[3T)\[GRN!\/OS2ZFE3:
MY@[CI[S\X\7S[GD#X^T^*/VS9(TH8)+&&4T@H@D,:0TX]I5BQ5&A!.G;:9

?Z N
4X7
M'U=E;ER=;54!*4.L8I,I.DH3B**,0!9(!$,NTBB4G%

M ;35&K1JVY0@\.\ .RKK&]:!*:P'1#V*.MA#U&]Y!PNY(Q=ZL$?BM.2#P[L^
PV.^=!;P%NX&]W!Y-?;@OW3GUP-PK<+BGK!X1]K$SU)_S&^!W3$[O5]W
M3GK71D=

1-


M7AI,O*ISUHG9[?W-2:
MQX[#]L3HC93B]?V]J8A;);%J[L'0E*
HE@QF$8DA4D)!D[T ID+2@$8R3:G]
M!L



M7Y





X2A@):2(AD1A#1 2'#*
 8AHA
M%/)
$J[F2WE/UU+8




M
+
5^%;]/
MLM2^)E\W=WNEN+H7WY;YNNRR8?P_-FDD_TLOZU?: /_T%YB)*0,%50TR22
MD8!
!@F
J(HR_:M0.Y%.\:
#*CLU_MUIWJ2;;]5V##
=LG_M7
ZI]-K $T-E
M'*RL:X_WP5U1&


9R  J
MF2B(! KUC


ML:$IURL0O76[UT0T3F
W4:=;__5IM!2ZP ZLX4NSW/Y7:2Q)R&$&=9#%&B&*0)53#F61(Q



M'WS.U'?P:L:WL.6=$/I++:OL6A^*JNB


A3AA2*N901 1!Q&
&

M^CZIX8R444G@LI7'P[WC2=]
#FS]*B_Y8E5NKE-4QT@A/0 YY#02*]4DB#
2\ UW6GN84Z'S:


MNG'H-5CG@JAQ(W*Z[3T)N[GR^(VEK#])HW:^R*N('?T/M0-2ZC5 &$HA
HB1


M$Z3_DRJ!$\P3M]I&K@I











!:YK?K=^LUWR#]8;




P2QQ/[27T*HQ[\U_H!
M424Z



$I8HH0D0Q%3JE K45/#57Y.U22]$]
M  J/
TY+K-


^FFDJ-EK

/VTU?XPFW51'=_76PIZ
ME6;B1!Y-Y'=QM%_I4-!PG.^DF_:GV?N#N\Q-W.7%/2AC
MC9?%!DO 0OGJL$
R
M:C^3V=7OQ*VXYZA=UEDK=!Q-QBL].BJR!Y5

M2F(VOV*8!9A#HAA!B12AP$ZU3AWE3\X?J6X!Y-O+KK*?:ZX7X;==$ X&ZL#3
MO/T5V
DWT=5[2N


IP*J)$AQELE \
C5+3F2
36N




*4FD39F 2092B!E

M]^VT@5FTAVMSM86@-K&*/*F
_&Z]Z1 ]-UZ=:1 H^_0NV[A1(-T0&?84+\2
MQPL/&@2I@S@823XS-UF#OG8Q



M28OB6=4%CK6'8\JL8Y9J*!


;#4'1G5PH'O_N:(= !LB5;2-





M_9MHX/?* I=]


MH8NV-)&
HDP1#+G*8H@40Y I%D.21%QFF8I8S%U+$^T+F!H_;(ONU$IZER0Z
M +&;!_J 9NC37S=4O

MXIADJ4G3F1&3L%
D M(
!S!2F*5I%&0ALXJ

MWPC
T




MT5G;\-28RN1




M5!.WP!G

M[L)9*:J8]F1A&
5Z;D3F!JN(*=0K=4:R*(EI2%Q+

9J8,CB)9@4X
#D

M\==LH





_-!


M$0]V-@]]8[37CAG^VFD_ZD[@[FJON-M=@.U7I/LMVCH#GVY:-UB^U#]^*#ZO






M1R;74QI%
#


ZN




MA$-






MI$%L(M(DZ(8(YXXE7TY%3&U46_R3(\51/0;=I:UYL9)UC:C?G;$!IXP&^5

1MM

M_#S4=ZNR?*


= !9RS9\L9!#S


XS*

MJO55JT]*6%]_PX\F/LEU7E1)R





^&#1_'@6
MR9T&LXB5.GC%IWE
2C=7# KUP2R1_ECC;*5'+S?H_RFA?+=HA[!00.@_9H
ML8$]HNX;*.B/W)6808\'CAD^Z*_G421AP 

MP]2^&%:%*NP@JL4O#7'/[/J N7#;* Z
\
 ?B@O@SJ*V](/FMMR 7Z]Y_0%B




#8)C'@ E.*-8L3['6D=(


ES)%.! T+W

M@*]3\PLA?-WW]-_?SQ;5R6B*%




$!8FMT:8PK$F:&/.*.
Y4XVQ_&#IT83





M1/50/QO=:SN$)'&
M(I!$N

((120'&B0$:5TBDADFOME9O5.=SD*'+)%@\V

MZ RC8Q%D,14.77(JI\WM:7Z\WJS_1:]9F; Q8HYIA34T'0OQP%!UY\/]]_

@_Z&&'0O



NP1KX'79REE9
0$
ME9Q1+6A(W?
NP#P2G'H;J1\IDL ]I2SY !&9XI2U_WC920Y:'&0@.1R?6S
M;[NGK@]86H?+S5D(R5C

J5 RE%L.-.P)TM@!O*$4:F0^4
S'Q]$]W!3
TRJ
MPQ%6'S^I(*?L%8#=O []P38P?5:(-0=V!_$DO1\HN8'2:[_N[A'';=/MI/U)
M=VZWNP(LK\\V!ZA\V$]L:__V/(^10+3&,2(&H-+Y\;@8@;57B
I4Y219W2




M
 S
Z2IUY5W='_*DZ1'FUWFS6O]G:\PL$NO\IYSQC*

VTYC!G(H
M(69)+ACT*D?E
_C4R/IB;\G](11O=(A$K81G_T.?N7$CZZ$0'YB-K=BVU4(E




MAT*$F!KWM86

_;!8U7_U;/?=A;?SCKH/%(??(;<


YP86\HK\3I
CJFQSZYB


M9#D%/.
9
/M3S7%NZS0Z%6CL'&5J1F M:&E[U))&OU:BND;:=8+:S5*]034P

!OHB[GM7M_)]:
]
MPJP#0KD@


C*^E
M:?'7Q?;;^Y6T3=V?V+)]45-5DT.1*J(%B$F

M@:;&)J6K+WHTC_MF3?9'\\M9)-H!2$V/K(U:V@V:32#;?E
V2U9\*^
3UJOM
M9L&?[

M(



$3PZOG
MK9\E^:2Q[GD9N
IJ# L%@L(J
J
M@:ERDE%!';KB3RHE%,COEJ+R+X_4:-'M%,DXL]1HTK;=],L8,^M[C 3[\NB
M+S2= Q/O8#-Y _\.@/0PE-VGH_$\@-@??G#

1@045G6H? BY6UL?=;X(_&


4 $
T A


=[( 4_7

D0L
F(04(+
=2!5$&G


A0@@SB244$/!O4K&G0XQ-7IO






 S*  63&0(:Y&RS*\M;/OQ4Z. 2L*H%#&J



2Q)G!&4%#

H_CC
MX.AP/]8+2P



MSLNH$A'IB+VUTBS(:EC(5L9_\.:N/= %VOZ1
!
M8HR;'!&.TTGJPPV/FQUMERN?[/UFVR1X;*P^H=U4=3?:9'D-!:*@IS:*3$
M
D!%KD$L\RQ'*1


P




M2V0V?U2;Q=KL8]EF.P:PQ\
-!^\K]76Q6MD*4:_8TK^N[AD\69*9?766 HJ







ORP9O




9Z


]*/&T66V.*O%D453B3DN9M^&4E]_]^RS8VLJZP
M\=FO6+$0YH(WBZ7]U5PI K76



/YJE2
M


MG]77TG&DUE\W[-&\3VQ9Q\!HD:B$20(4S8VEF
69=2)SD+.
2HXR3H13+=G.



M#N?\2.
6PNG4]J0$3O?5_I_Z+XNM[5/Z?B47WQ?RB2W_:NS+3VI9&A+%M\7C



MBY^-&JSX5C:N_[+^I*Q:BZ6ME_%^)=8/RIYJ?EG;%@(?-VOSP5#RU?
OA9+O





M[Q:%8






M!E_8[W=/VV_KS?Y V[P(4.20V



I=N3/;2
S3TH5$Y*U;* ;AO
M2.R&;[%ZHYP3Z
':#])N35I[&BNDG





MOZG-EV]L=?]8ALS_Q3QB6[RO



MJ 1K1'?!V/





M@P 2* -$@W2E$A!#'6EU?7]Z[!ID9&.UG+S_W2?.=5$?U@#*WU=V6W:S]&

MKB;;S]0Y[AW'G([1*' W#VV=9M%.JS+GM*W7+#KJ=SASS.$-*7;;*^ ]E\?M








&\

<9Q\
HK]
M9)(B7+&20,((%( 3

4\A



VJO6
*D4CJVFT5_6E9]BCW-Y+S_1(

.=&L@S%F!;)?O


;4272H9T9O8@FELGCH804!U3D$DDXD1AK:17_8&!



P9=*&=P91N07BNL9%/_+83_##CNUJIOOUANM%EO;O;8Z
MB)[K#'

*M7
M8?

MVQ8^+^
5(KTL@G^JH'/NC WNF



M21#(4D8!2G@



MOX.

M#:;[1[4Q-MO!ISE&
D4$IR!FJ:T#)C1@&8P!)BEA%&F)==*#P71FZ#^$P;1N


)/.C3X%
ZD#%4

2LV](1XJLO!U:OPA)


B1^OG56[
MD\ .[QB/J

9

M/]E
]*V-VC(_V2OC:/'U/J4.&^
7FJBQ#G(OQEQ;Q=K)98UJ45NWL(SS/F?0
M8UO_0C






M+HKF]J@1RYQYZ798N


A8X93E*1)9XE2L_/\[4C+*VF%$I9_1K):FG-^D2


MXI?'Z

P\/
MB_+


MUM$GAY?#^Q/R


. 
:U!C(5&*


AKM[+N?G\J3AB2G*L^H!E+8XK4$6L[*:!3!2E$&::(

R




1H?17@NUDG^L%\+-
MF)KD%(_H&1RVF]4. _/7$H4_0B^KQ/WQ^AD=2S\/T@?JPMS,EX7JTLA/8\
MX-O]8!]VJ0Y*0LE38\\:PY;:R&\)N.;F#8J9YM+LKLUGS:_9P=EQIF9]6C%;


.!$$9!D0N2
IXIAOQWNN5&FQ@=[(:L(
M:$\3\RR0CN;@K? 

[5EWP@:



 $YTGG&%.4ER9S/9;^S)D78EGBVD4
HWBS:E

M9M+8^8)@& . 1,Z!Y@@GC

M;(TJ*[EG

@
M$B&3C

W+]L;&7BCYN%\
S(?:FWPY&.IS_G

P!N W\KWIHMKM@NOJNF
+D1OG)7'*HP:WIT[[4P

VH2(LC(IR@W8'5ZJG++PP)#1YXV&V7K
M9YE;V-+80&]_M[L^]4JME%YLYTQHHA0R^Z0XB0%@@:0PAH*O(D0S*!W]\

@53!T#1OI#:FA+IY(TJD4MMT:UL-$/M;@]MG!R!*;7 )(K




MZ3)SA&A&)61 XT0))@$C09

T3FX:+P?CDKP'6187+[JQ


CJEJXJ)+._8CR$*[K1Y3!( Q


M:0R89 @(PG.-%$IX+KP\8.=&F=J2+(4J2RP_%=)67*Y*+7LF5YT'%.)
IPDF
M(

ZHFHQ2SR-Q?RPKBM81R :







E
M=@XDG2HE--0@D2DUGR!F]L8H)\#LBTF648ZSG/ILD#W'G]K79R=^M)
_:BEP

M*.[U%UM'^&GS7):ZJD


MY[9@CA0IH#!3($8P9HP)+1(G1]T-
DR-7?8QF8;'BTBT9?9MV.H_(6ZD
S#

(YW%&


TUM *^QI40L 
$I

UU@DP.U6:CB[N.FWIZ5#V[.@B&&<$8&!LFLXT(8L#3- 4R



I!S)E2E.3FU:'S[7K+EH$N9C.(%W?LAAKNQ?]BQXAD\]+;
MHEVLE/5&![+%




U;0?4+TG2'J#


QWSFN=(
45D#E5  F;6$@A!UE



1Z]NNAQ0J^
M ;3Z;K/^7[42WQ;B[VK5Q!4P*+*4&5LVA\AP


D51T+$8KY27]E6R5$0




K6


M/GYJWW
K763%BWZM!/3



_[[LYU+YRXX?%2KW?JH=BGJ.,Q F1($MC%2<\ (
MT2#-$$%I&F<$)OWTB3HS^M26;F WHW;14ZM;5K76_^H<]-V9:LY]&0


50 A=2-S

QC2-
XT3YN.Q=1ET:D9.+7.T4MOH-RMU

MP4[CCNH:]D'BV%/L=6_ IO0+^_UQ\WZ^Z(H_[KC557LCO[G6!8BU@#B7$


IQ3F/4R3-C/B%()P=
M9VI?AWHY[.2
?FTD]8Y.(^K:QSS6@-'HG@#U1 *$(G#/T&(YP?:N1PA$Y]
M3P

WF+Y4I5916RWK2FT4BW::S:+.
M61V@MDO_J/=)L3U*-RHK]X_J
9$/




]M)7G! !

AIL9&[ULU


B$89&EJ
M+ ML=D)$ $TE)H* 15-O?8_;L-.C72NU''9ZU*6=&FTJ9S-OUJ%/ \''?'
MC:3ZAWQ@IAH0;6\.\P.O3R)S''E4-O-#XYC2/.\.[==4;.UC:[8LYCJG.HVM

M+ :(6AH1

GUM_5QBY=3I&

M/7.MH\?-8KVQO7)M[ZF-
FH4;.G8


M7PIUK]\6V\4#VYJW-M8T9\QLD1-);!EHF0!.;-Q_PI&0G%)





I-:\(QQ1GU.
-9G*2
M<IT!A!0%A$,&2$(H2J#,::I\F.#@Z5-;_U_L&)&H$S58*:K?NC\$SVVU!T,R
M\!JOY)KU=UC0J7?B_EP@%&7\%G=CA?N^8L/$UE/1^V7#X_;M0CVRA9MSVN
M^XOP-,9(0DRQ3! L?F/
8\(R


EMY(9(



LRG?KM:Q?
$TQX1+'

L 0\:42P03*1)))F/LX[\Z'6+:3JS@ +4S6+JY

;QP.&8
FR[XA:



F( ( FTCBQ&#

 IZ]D!IWGF

=Q
M[?DQ7^H0MQ.!CB/=[OOF&9?BL




:
 DBA%/ 4




2?H_9UM6)1J5GTJ]4M*I7S
M/-7K88+=K*IQIVU@+AQIQKR-L?Y [M-DZT&J40V[_E \-O]Z?'(@GV_9MARH



MJS=P1GJSC4/'#ZCJ\EFH%3

MXSKPU-9^(ZUWF2=GI!TWU /@-[@M58ELXXE:U=]V*=VEX

TBO%%J]=]J.O8
MX^XC/1$YV0?ZWC\U;^:[]4:KA0T[+/ZJ%E^_;96\^ZXV[*LJ-Z)O#+^^8XN-
M;2*OYH(P*062(
D3LV/
A
TW
WM'FD(-
T:%@..

4*X3

?#7P1T*_[CY


XD?'G=#L)A3][T:W.AC;EO%X76T,9IV2SIZ+IDJ(\NI[?9ZX
M[%.*5V7UR:/]-
X%4AE30%-& 9*$ DZ3%'90\VY0@EQJE_42VFQCX'1IB5

-\;7 S/1]V!$FWQG:^^U
MG%6OA3'*RRH]XWAW7F FAG$5C:G(_F=7FN+CNQ7D*8VRJS?W[B_ZW$]LOZ







B6
M@EZNBZ=-C^$)5Q#IDU

W886[8.WS^N




?NCGRLX]$DS
MEX8:E4ZNZ'M

$)HQD


M)I@38(W


H
M5&$#?-=/R^WFN:G Q#!C/%

1RI*EBK&$@


-[7?YRCC25-.88)Q. 4IU#HC9%P.LLYAF,8=:.=%O;Q)-
MC:-KR?==GNU9@;&$5*U1]%K%(F63DVE1_;5.XKBUAEU/EH8;YZ&/VRPND1M


K
R'5+RM;N:[TR1?U
MIIV)6*HX,0O4?.H 8BH%%
D%L)$=1(')^'J*K@'3ZAB[?/9Y7Z*H&

ML(I./4LZ-6K^66VCSVP97KJZ[YETW 9



6F+/ZAJC_?KUY_6XB_




A7KL2/K
H\
Y^)TAVSSTXN
M[GBQW3QG9.,YL@@ G
$$ X3P!)8@HD5IQBCA767JE@-\HS-:X_N+]]UL

MC @MXH1S'S8]-\C4*+*2T:[12DH_BCP+HQOOW0K.P&1VC$N/'E
7!/IDF[/C



]?54

M%-7U(A$Z4=IJ]UC&?HJ?9?^ZUPO7G
;2TMOI4DN[8E:G'H]O3@UPC8\74NKL





AE1K 




M)OFD:XKZN%BM)JD1$


M61UA1+$/&:



D@ BE%*$B@(6QOK\Z[X V_C[Z^$^;Z]F5KK
MNK3[J/F]Q#M_?'I^93LH:HO_E1/ME^1V76U!E0E*ZX4[+(U:4?\D$C'?T/L#


)!+$6FM1
6 ]*:2Z*$.]I





)I(13F*O4ZWSOS_+%1?B5B4LJXV77VH^US+8S

@%E9K5

MG+$4




T%7!N$NO'IZRJ$E@W3=UH4KZY&UV2WRIM/ VDH%GQ8Z/86/=
M27W!'
 YLK8:5@Q8?U !@S3D-$M)
MGN41;;7-P&-CMJUDR5N]DLNI*PVX(UX%#NL$XZCM
5NDHTR@UEC1^@-:)%M


M


MJ2I9^LY^)W]NW2=3
$RR '+M+!F'LN P*8 7O7=DUFF 8%H+8--C;3[FXY


M5ZZZ^[:S65G ?4*(8=2R#J#Y !;L\(51Y0 %8H7&C-FBJ!C@%BC8^?*KVJ
M

M1J6J[U
S:8T%5?X/A%






MN7RRZV_*Q716UGZH.Y9
X%#-N<&J*7..0NJ!Q !V@BN<A
MH#=).6HL7/T(-PI:/1-N ]2.D#=)+6;$\C^7D(A:P^?L8

6XKFD\U$UG8LW



7!3VG);'M5O/7MDQTL-M
M8EMCS7X@'MP&UMNGI74U[LH0@+*K^X1APPI4&
 9L785%W:Y$XBL2V8X57E6
M
R9CDM9DQUADTK:I!*WB@
\'U$9'DGB

M37B*4R[9G=^[%YS!@%(N+S.3 Y5Y\9I1T3*C-R%3&E8&)C[PK25B(@XW7/F8





0*WNI9K%QSKLNP_+[_JY?-4
MZML?T]4D@YQ)ZOH#\8(!GH)N&(,4)Q2@S!G'AUF#LWP-B8N):QM+1J
9/?
15H\HOR72^
MUW@\J?6Y*9L]6@=Z[X];K:+V(8^ ;N36XM=(-'2W\ CHG6@ 'N.I77MZ?U]J
M.2UM-_O]3)=&W%S=/BZ6Z^F?U2D#)0A! @E0M,@!)H@#AED!$%8D%4:E1@;5
MR? 9=&RTN2MS:4WP'6%#^X![8.X9F! 9R;Z#$W;$=27.:H%+/&]]\.S0,=P?
MH+C]PSW&';B;N#\2Q[W% ^[M$*ZPPVR;\(=):HE%DLQRC: $X!PIP%)C@*0












M6/N%(TH TAJJS/ 4\RRD MO9D8)X98 *;)_7#WJ93*N#A5=U';; MC#G8?5C

MV
R14MK0YO$^Z/HQ1G3
9N\JH6.R*;!,$4MZ^\
MS\ #=Y</P.*XQWS(S5VW50X+2MZ*U7K)Y7JB:$81@QH03E. <VN8, TER1&


6B'*&77Y%FZZK9E7JLX3'VM#;V[Q=IU
MHN*SL@8XGTTRA05!2($&0XP8P6@60%!D1646:L

M]7M5!%Q\3T!@;\=Y:6?6@=#N^Q2_42 Y6PV@5L+U
VTFI=:C_RD(B+[N?RH&

[L?!C-$9*!5?KCX3]H

OEQ
M&W),C)!<.R\%4H!UE@-&*0;&SD^69IAK'52,OK,D8WNC--74RR:KC=1)(_85
M07S=Y\J/X@:9@9Y9+P;XP:QW-7 QB;[
(-RX]68'=+E]0^\^L#-=19W%0\?
M%C-[_\KUW%W_W)P395I*Q;

MKHIN[4C^/_X;1;#XMZ32H/






)[SK*IR8)

K:=Q*

_TK
P&.5DW#ZO::N!:GGUT8P/N&I02T 1


M=D$IRL)8I0/L?ES3+Y@]
]!&^*HDK74T*_F36H'&6[5_L#JXA!VG15*J$8^;
MND
8D[$Z2#$HCW5'Z9#=KGA2-\Z[VR3XN-2?#ZO5DRNX^\85@YTPR6E&C;6/
M#

IK7TALTRK81-C&+9:*LO
FT%KA+L=PV
MH/WH[%KP!FH.MY-/Z.1


)L&N3R:SQ!XABC'
F4@)UF.=Y
M

+XO
U&P$1W2=P\!-#7! L'9:C]]QJ-Z/F69W2.:\'L#S&P#7)2OV
KXO1E


0@3H0X&]E%



M3D+K_%@9N[J


4%$4&O#
96 :7 F,P1H1D6*,BF1.I/XS?LV/BB
MEC:

M?ZQ+7KQ?EA'J=7&



M^[U&%M^=6@%.T]4SZN&



N

M



#HP8PDT0
@L!QG*);;
D1GH%=IS].2QT4
MG.=!QQ%.%\Z5
E1;$MD;EMJ2<H1#F$0!&5 <P(!(PI!J N3*8U1P+VD *&'ML

MB*Z\976:E\V9%_


*$33[/@UGD





M'\_O9GM_7
SOO^GEH^LH_
DB4^W43@3#6A*E0*Y5#C#-K?]78 0H%5E*%3/$

 O\#)PI)Y)R4P%F75G$Z!R T'
M=JUP7F-Z4GSWHI%L

PUP




&M@%S
\@Z A#SVQ4(7#7CDP77!UYBF





M]:[K)*



$ LXR175!!J@HR!4Z.




M?]7+YZG4IV.I/BWFSWJUUE7$U*H
0]G]NVLX^6FQ_@^]KDOI_JG5]DG53:4]


MN!'G+BFHDJ2L$_=A_E8;;7UL92^HBCT


I5

M
_W9N/V.Q=R=XWTV&RNZ/L^ONQ$=5![



/^K

M?_GI[QE7O_U4EHN3G_Z^6/XV_0:

MZ:3/C
L0F

]XTQ0%Z^?+=*U#\VJFA;+BW\Y

0C




J


M0$Q
HR3WA[#




1(=
M&1(O3I?+:^[/A6?LM+4*T;%(-HU@33P$Y0K#K$!Y\H*

M@\BUW/Q=YS-_FN^^'W^$6&UF&-^LUJ=XG)BLKY&


'KO






M7!N'Q%=)+(HB- 9RG[
9#SW4;(;9KK/B XF[Z@\_XTSJ;I]6P!ZTF@_3%:

=C&IX(/*.!A2KKQX-V!TGQ@]5)2=G*@^F\]/8786;$\@

8BA


M/





C)P@

/V&+V$-YV5#


_-WMHHM.V7I/



MR19*!N]&(I44$JO^C2[UKH@$B*

MQFX4'VE'3E?L








MIO8%B2P62;MZ4J[X)%/&+;FUXP&T$W4] .HH%Q:J^1@G)%G%Q=#F::4:HB_
M^H )B:DXPU]Q?9%;+!Y\$LDQ'B6YC8F[FF5$5APWPOA@]^2DAO 0MU#U#@-





1.F=RJ+P+3?*!LA#

M





MYE85UT'6U#GJ5-





FN(66;@Q.0T?H2 UT


M7K*Z
[UK

N


9C3 VL$8ZP-AM


6C3!TI
1[. MZ(-ZN



P[ 
]5^E\N

Z9C((*)G

ML

MN
HZ
BB.6#
\ 9ETP #M2YON(J\38S8

DZ;_



:(G$
M@:485:C 


M-W:WF1X_GCENHG$(_5T[^SA06%UL-:O-3??S









O*B'=/.56^Q9C 5
M.D91 8DT/K49%KX%EK&M3DMW.EC!=X!9GY=S!?7N3A'_X\6L@6LSIA91$]N
MG*T%*L%%%BT8Q6/.N8T[]!EXUJ@%G@:5AD=[%[5VUMM6MN=L?-F3L^FGTP*
M@ T9Z@W*:EE52F19T3)9W3W.4Y&^28W]702-&Z





C!2
&N

MM6EOYHN024O.$


MP


M5C67M?GZ9GX['/VPF



H

O'B)M]+KM+I!W



MAJ/P)D.;


MY*[==GQ YI;_WPFHO?1P9+KMU7P@--W*&5J?9#!!



LGQ#8G3(YDI4HF625!


MX/KK (LOSU][5^-0Z6
6/BCFE=B


E-819K^4C1A8&0AL5B4^*:6^\;

Q[^%Y7$#E [\J5'U]96U( MY %$S&3.&6]
M?)
-



MCR6\M^O3CP?75MKM 

*S


:=\IBT3(=7NJ(F5












P'%6CQ16 Q9
\D@DF!_ G%



Z9G'-R*#;

E.T'@RS9&SF'*=P$B+R%/ Q&2P
MR1L+/H0F]=:W21FYOWD+C=^^-G.
^+L $#T+5^L+\K/S07)7&.WJ%'9S6R\1

%W@)N+VR^7]5WS?!DO;Z[$7 J).W(7
M70D4

-?%;)IJ8O4:[L--KK_
M@0
.-=J#\H$&&MU^S27J8C'6DC/%@)M2&R_YNB&2 2Q!*2\@^M(D27XW24='



EB.M2RZA-+$Q;^/J&[M







[.QA$_!W :/NMUG=?SX?
7UZ
MW5PC/ ^A


2(RH

MQ)#*Z !;KRF^V5R


NBCE(D_EB



M
V\2)1Q&[CA ;(*86XG@YNI[DB!]N3B!Z7R.17-3J2&I@NQK+@I*R=$6M#
OFGQ==ILMS^@B<1EQ-15!1:E%HWN&ENBRQR$9DW06EM
M)=GO 6:AR#^J2'[$)@M1M9Y!SB_


MLZVSM6MC NXCRT'GFEE Y9HD@;81








2*Q
*B







#H=C



=!W6:G:^49




!U ZTC=/I]3'V
MOJ$5TS/6KM0.)^RY$$SFT7M
FH5V!91.M


3H








O^&K/^H4R[I=R&@*






M$1./




MY!0;14@()M6.3)9%80KF$E'$)LT_=J3OZ.WIFLC?78A\4V3ZB43]G#[\VT1H






MZ]LRQ[$KG'V]H6SJ(38F0VZ!TBPZTQP'Z*FH)2D=L?N_S7;D\D2K+7&





T3Z;O8?TVW4FO)?9Q4+NOE2T:% )Y@-96N&\H25CG;AY@?
.
M7&Q_?H^CQ [&PP B'!\'&U_25CYN(EHEV/T2ENF7*Z]KFIATN:82K.)1L+
M^K2[D=C^DI$N3#:T$ 




C\Z-DY/(E+TZ7=;W=J+Z+2GJ()K%@.ZZV-HM
MAW;3@(946E%=$W&.N]*8+_&9Q_4W%W1
Z!ZGHPA.BM@.=(0G3^DC2':1N$C
M&((%+,YDYE%6XMM,WFU$H%QJ7-V(8FS49CM_9VKN)[HD4VJ@UW(SL:CV


VVL









^L\O1_LJ*DMJF*MWV4'PP7JPXD[)[@
M\BNN)QQUH&#.
D




VE=.B9




M4P#+C_FN$Z=U\JE..=?5X38\LVB+8$GY8LGH.7[S9.8(V/QX[S@GNF
!Z$!Y



MY#([WF3F05
3]_'TZ]=9C50!LD3$2(R!9YJ\!0HT+##/HT)!W$*;6]@7!/1L

HU\0DHH^\(?PO

1#*3.3


?DS#
MM#$8(8UDSI**-=A:


HR!OK2XBSS
#H)!/HA/1Q91R:-*=YT!Z1W:A!\+436OT&
KK


AE \BN +-.%^=Q+[M5/[(.?N
MIF*#JNA)F:;#LXC;']3.-+7
(MX#L.P4!5WD/P
7-0F4@$5#^R*7)3B5
NU5
M3\VY^OMB^1L)_


G)QNA:0#1]P.@7X6QGHZ_WQV'B1'4N&YT [/P\J
MUB8
).9S[N3.$Y/G4<!
MVO JZ@5\F$EP].#9-4X0K4J^3K10=4





MFODL''
4H@IK:SF-;


M029 )H
T-0E&Z(_HF?7!1X]9V=1X*-1=I'5I@/;!Q]V'MH-HHP-W^0='M.CI


M
KSF5OJ46&WO1#&!


O @A
KNP'*^A'+T1*MW
MY/F)7'LGUS8K]%VQ04B%A?/0Q

M-K4O3V$ALY,=YPX2QOTUW^J9UJ[:7TO4ZU]M% !W!ZBVMZV$6%Y3D/G.N8
M9#WS(PO
7Q1!

M+*?5Y'Z -9Z7P;E$IC8Q?6&2)9DA$/0#(CT)G;:)LX

JY9.4ZU]^#D #EW


M&\G;4^3M90?2JI@@[E233 ^] B#ZVTWP7'OKN





HLD(N&.NDS3K)CETU#J$T'L(26XWQ?A^
8B9\^7S9IZ6N<
M**ZR
W7BJ^3T1P3!8CTE$;GH5!2/)

M$#]_7RS77S[@/TZG1




_'K\:RTOWO?AW;:7NRWZ+W=3'.7
M]2(;5Y9%G@7S6@E'Z[A8V23.;'.Q?]N6=I:A%S99ZS.P*!00GZYZY](R138L

M#)04+$


!J56=(2O



G:3))G%FN#%




S(XII7WM!/Z
#4\I4/V;%+2R'GUMHDY[22#G#T+

8RN7G((6GGF70YM
DQ6
/&OL+


M4MXEDD7@@M:@20H\YPQ\8!YYB
EM7Q@
/T5E;ZJ[S''8!U5/S5IIJ\
.G+L[
MTZN\U5%;+* YQ3R* EV(A4N(5ON2T

M'0V%CFTC




M?YT+$$748@J$U&(3$MCI\3([2?WZ]?MH],[Z9!'6_D/)C?2/;KJLN_X/S+
BCQ88]1'J1@OBVX@







/FU(\+
MOR$T=3CNYJMP/NB9RB%2-9QKX6@8(IB.)58G=*3$$I4])/
I9%-3.
1-/=;
MMG2


ML9NBG @MCZ!T0-5U!


M.D@QWK34'BR$T!850
)A3


^ZASM=6@:Y9]SM'6VN
M'0_@[P2WD%QI=*YDR()9
G58P$5).R

MCLXZ

1,EU_K432'J\A,FG'Y?=Q00IUT

5







MW$=]&N-T8&7OX
7DI\?6D5H9L+[R)%U;)DPE$U(IH+TBYI+.X'6N28D\

X'2M/ Y.<NEM
MQB891@^3



M!Q-86GM0S?70A?&ZJ_O\/E(&==/QWZHDDPR!;1.CIA'#9%%3[)0JGN;)%M
M&P0.P47W


4


)HM







MPZ*R1]'&



MP5H/6;
2M!*VR;!TQXT'FM]ME[UD!K6*1B?OX9'TC)O#HZS-JEDG\G6@JF
M
18(DG



C^MQCH




%)YY(482=8'4C N/EZC7%VJ6,
M;S%:O*IRFIMU7G01)KW8 J2)Z&
@FA-@9R350IUQ+!+S$ /O;4ATE?;F^&=



ME]M-^[??/%+H/I3V#Q;BV [J8-OE^^O.()QZ430

:

M2):?Y_7;DZ)L4B4:R

KF



B\M:7H


C









UL-5W]V#CK1?L8
MBO.0$4E0Y+(#B4A!
C(5ETO6O!WBGJ9MO'UI !0\A:D!53+Z'C8+E^MQ8X%M






UT]?-?+8X ZLU[#:Z
VTDMQ0@XAU6H^B ,)IQ8'

9 -%9K0+0C?






##<W1R&=4+W1![863#A;,P7JXS =[-UNN%A?KD\1MTW$MO<O ;*U

]$%8&UE29&GZ.LO:E\.=%I1]H0NJ3QQUL
:69K+4.[M
M?+'Y5OT]NR\$$H$5WN/9;)!44+4-H%B.=JBLK+8)
P_+9L[+37W0I=:QX@:
M^^9YKQ*R.V-!+[NFWZX

M

9=47C[C ?BJS=\/W2;J-'5F\'QR?K%B67-^N_7RN?:]+9A[6
MRE\6\^5RDC620%
!%6N'X9QJYT]%X;11D67OI':[#+W9_\SQ0()W _A+O9H^

M






MA%F?C%
29- :E%+D*OBBZMQF50PC

MP4#+-B+HE(
+3@6+;4J/A^)@Y

MW4T;(MY&H(U(@'&U:1E+TM@F&95WJ!BYA^








M^9UQEK!NEF7
UO=4E=R_SLRP(OD\:'+H

M) ([1P@FT;H5OK8HTLZ)-F.27DA)M7)
6 P%3*HMG@(Y!JX.02SU'D+Z0)\W


8%H?(LE-8N TKW#O%I6&05
0ZLSN!EX;B J_K\8W
(O!C

(8T*;P]72 :8.%]P3W6%T8<EXP<!CKA5
JB[5XB$Q03^Q-CHW3K_?

/J%(+&TR$I&LMNA
18C(!LN98. N:JR:F

)D@)
M8W):I&:.,[D?=
T_'P6H##0Z(S8I

M2)++4X\;
$UE9ZH'2C2Y];ZSK??=W.)?W\S++$P17 )]0@ZMU1Y\M 4RJEQ'

M-LD5V8_

G#



ZBA&FZ#E;DP5P%7--=R@0

M&SHW]VQ9:LF+BF H:JO#5&F1QSHWTWOO7
@JJ?'QV
M
+6YLQ4D


:Q#?C*#6+
&(C)RUUF2P=LF/O(]4L:Y

M&O#$X_VXJ5RGV





MN



M6*Y/$7']A

M
W$:


\XA X.B)J@9

955;DK)((LT1I/0&




M5N=O71/M





N]+UZ=



M_\5JLN'APV+#P;K)#PI7DDZ&'+$L2*+1@
^6V-%9FL!
LF67;M_T_%M IJ^V
M0?P8 2./UQD?$_
!%=0'P&X+9-
$B.?DI$GDD-?) ZHHA
!T !U=(%E)%O@N




2E=2$T*
MREI=E#0+:
:!9VN5#HC;9KV6YK/U2/!/^&W3=N_@F9L//&G@CD8_HW6@F^+:

&23CCIWR3@ZAEU@6%XL?JPE

M#R_'X_JK/?J\YF:D8=K)%JA$]MHZ+*!%XJ,(WB9I !]C(EKGQ*_1N3U^=A




<FQ^,/T'*LS7D_#[/E
MK_,5+C\OB/2S6?ZP^HJ+6V^Z-0;W^H8HLVB+1 3'#-;^I0E<<;2BF-&Q=J9
M2+00P$'4CNN''8N?;5O47F%]7^D]L.X/O\][_&%M+57#F[R'\
:
Y(D+VONL


M4%S6*2!*D0B2C^Q% /
0S3]-'X.

M&I+F$50H @*2Z!PF%X))

MG*+]P--^L.XIZ4I*.1;R:G63#E&/T#.NV6L/A.U4P0&T
G8[B?]]L5A
4YCA

RH;P\U^2+CS_)$3&9H!





M!QW@Z.-BGA#SFH\'-O#K::QGM%B^3U=3XE G8XNCN#:H3!YJ=&2$HQ4@L@A(





C&X (E+I+4;$_C



M#J&D1!6
LZ 5J^FAQH




E5!C0)*I\65F%5NLL'O2NX^3%]8?- M74/QZO]
7N<I)-8GW&

(P8M8
MD&EMFA1J/4)/%Z4PQR)BVVD90O;MDXTV/Z@?8ECB__IO_Q]02P
$%     @
M0CR33SQT'QJL P  K@T  !4   !S869M+3(P
3DQ
#
Q97@R
RYH=&WE5VUO


P__.WV9L)-!S7O0TGKCM=




KAQ


M#0:MI^S[O2#TNX^1V1

)'K@.O

6E RLT8M

T\':]I4G!ZD
)*R]JC:8K6
24%U=JJ
M
WN@X5W

MI7WX)OBJI\*#!;+$VB\
'2ZE
3*+O*=K#F;!WEB_9*HWU?AO4$L#!!0    (

#$Y
3 S





M\7PWRR_W1L

S&U4REI1CG
M2I8J$E41IY?B2Z2*;V)G1[?J9O-E'E].2W&PW_E%?
GR;_&5Y/=E7;J@QGG
M_1[_?K]'D[R_R*+EA_=1?7BZ._/XE_W?^W 
O;@ 3\MRF6B_OYLJG#TMZ\/


MD5RT_+O^1#26/W_51/+?JJ*


MZQ:^IF$^ 9LOQ2&P93/JQ9+&O%#E0JE4.&W/9%[&XW@NS1*H80C_H_(B2\61

M2_
!C^;!1:7 VJ)(:Z3-Y7AN#R(/8&*7B!I%RY(\AT76[(_'8 44^N1JK'!'

CI=SC-8V)B9-!P[FL1%TI$<3'/D
/:0#&K.%)QA X?'U(@9V_UU
MRT0NZ!C!BD'TI\7!@( ;P*\UC6 [D@X(G,4T'D]7)T'Q 5LD L!7$39&%M9
M0A%83U
-6GQXL-\X?
36P;:8Q

M_#J@F 1]DMSPC7L;YEOD)-;#W_ S
^+D9\81EQ\'VLYB7Q)XNDE@B(OERE




M(%=EG#-=;




Z_
9=62M-PBTWF2CGGH=:L8U(BM62O$I:PF





MMD!X(.VC)7STKU0.

M.\)5$.0.$T(;

MWGW=B

9D$-SF(/GNV_

&1XM_DW-E'_ZJDZ5$2:



M?A]Y%XJ3JS?AGG&
PD*#1+;3\V$K*WS*_V%=)71UA-W.[745=X 7NR]_IZKB


M\=KPR PQJ9)D23&(.HGQ!;B BBD%\,@;9A,B8S @7.ZTC$N+#!B&SGK&[C

MH3PZF!K9OEP#\48XL80



M4 ].^@*K



\J*6V(=5:5Y'%&

MS#HV).D-M3.E0

2[+Y34/WB1Y6:M2GP%Q(@RL0CN5C#$3

M.W*N\ 22I0TP9\?.7






EMZ


8_]2WKD#.9+R96J)U^:HDF[




5H.2Q(A]!
Y9+WI.NG$$UR+W:]

M:%6;PNFHM+G58#D

^:!H=VR$?E?$S$T%

@6*ANXM
MMNHP&/0(M0=I;O.
J'M+U*Y=(T47;

*M@%J\MD
MDVJI

M#]ZS!EI7'=K;FP%W@WURB.]C\JL]^]!7L0YV:_#.5'L(W%!=I/F-)=K0Y8'4


54]-^WI8QM++T:D\N?AL%Z

$3



@







HRL:'*YJIR_8S09OX42L/H9 #

'7K.?!

MTGY:EWZMI;^R-5+?5G&Q3*D#X#% :S6


1R(-!5TL+5)LZU!


(&+H@<^[.(X&.J1L.O:8+NZM
UCXTDCAT)L)&1VU:Q7I6/2Z::V
MY0I!Q)


Y9@HB;_C\3N8WSL



MJ*81+*A[/ B#OCCO'P)7]4^#8:_K]QNC@& 8='O\]Y:I!.[[IH 8\6A8^PB&







Z-S&. 0IFFH0B
4$NO 0T;_'.$P('1 +FUGM#$.NUB




@4GW;I1



'  #6*   %P
M '-A9FTM
C Q.3$P
S%X97@S
3$N:'1M[5IM;]LX$OZ^OX+K8+L)X#?%29O8

MY06UX%/PY/*'BQ];+7:MXS(3N6.Q$=R)A)56YA/V.1'VEK5:5:\K72R
G$P=









M%3H PQI \\-9;T_


D IT'?)-^1AES!?8!AF3+S@.E:P.E
M&(C\?!@

F4828
MEW9W$:K58P%
52.%ZJ]+ P7(BS-I?;9%+Y%[/;2MN



\)9^('.1((2[P





\K


MP(SP:1:H\S]@5/!LALHM\YE6
SJ<ZY&*^!GZ




M_]54BI3=W(FXI!


#$Y
3 S

Q
BYH=&WM6FUO&[D1_MY?P9/1G WH;?V2


=^'S98-<CHR87UT*-65*O&JHW[N_)SC



M)L?!I=M__CIX
QBRDZ1]O.[/=D]2S*RT_9S;L2I:WI105#Y-UZYO/PT';P?7

MR1E2FI\HQWA15%RCL336
U.PM\;F+.FV_L9
QO[.L4K643.WN6NR09&VL;@7






EBD\'KJCL.@#QJT




M$Y.MP3!SJER(Q9V3[([AP3:*H$(9UC;\:IFG'*$B3?#G5BR@B.!0?*2T


\+K)UA


IP_E
G-]]%UKK/5T\SMF24KF
MH)/+C/HHLFM6#A' $^2Y&7F+ VEQ50[<8)J



M3/V02C V^K;)KB=*9NSM



#$Y
3 S

R



MQ]'M.WO];N#[IN]0V&RHM#Y2U9


IU/9O


MO&?C:^#&M_[J:3\QF(\=AW\!4$L#!!0    ( $(\DT\%KV.@
00  
 0   7

#$Y
3 S

R
BYH=&WM6&U/XS@0_GZ_8K;H=HO4O+9E
M2U(JL2UHJV

_/


MOK
LF







EXS.X90)(F*&/ES
YRS&
72BQ*[-[ #*-)NO44A01W\0_C@I
M&1HM=.#WJJKT%F+;]O8A0I?K*

MZ[8)AE&!UV\G^PU_US0N%/8;1#AYP$B(!69+;'+$.^SVD
G#L(S#?X]-OV*3




M%@   '-A9FTM
C Q.3$P
S%X97@T
2YH=&WM75MSVS86?M]?@3K;-IF19
N)
MF\1)

MS/2D.*;9X
=C Y


:+7$D@U!LQ4D**Q.2S3'FU^EPEDZEP*BFM]LN!P+DT
M1\S?BM!;L8:]'6T%%:-E55%HO#!IK16J^3#)8 GJ6+Q-B9L9)NO0^_9F6*
M-.' 1
'(L4Y \W$LO 2$D4:Z!P+H@*?W



M-*^8R RZ42
S(@%O28C%@/-7_'W.XR=V;-7#LTTI&[VPU^PXB#G\C@(IA^
M;W8VN

\=N5

)4 O

MHV1-#JL!




#L8\.**@F%JL#EUGJTNP ?



:X


M/?#(*?V

3L.+^9P-_[&/JD'X\&$&5;H4
E:5N;%8^C(57P+K/2)E/I**8



M$0X8*=)2E;


MVD#9^3J&V: #V\

84^TU6EN



9[#A0



.'6:Q/Z


MKA)98H(X:#O':U'G:Q-&L(T45V5ANPZ6ZPLV$6@\[G3NZ[9.[4U5N

P

^R_0)\*#J8U
M1'U

'&OPU]P6




MM!/X(B53CLOBU:VM#9V6H1TZ]I3G,D=K -]3Z




D?AH%;Z5HD=3*L#NZ:*NM4J



;S; $C

 !VLUQ$%__''.NN)+ZU
]4P9 SGC6'HG@43P!P[88 W,O42E;B72&2JT^RH ,K$/F(L2Q

MTK=7=*+G*KYAY3W!@&AQEMIF

8F1AA%@70[
+E&IJGCZI!N+UF'?4Z-_


U%-G

SC
5UAQCOV-=A]JV=/K=+


M$BZHS1GY]6]AN/GWIF#N16

MJ'&-
CW45JTL[US#*&V$7^&E'






#$Y
3 S
2YH=&U02P$% ,4
M     !/)-/N=+[JP2   [Q   $0              @ '*$P

M
#$Y
3 S

M        @ $E)@

#$Y
3 S

M0CR33V-Y@1!C7P  ?+\# !4              ( !X$@# '-A9FTM
C Q.3$P
M
S%?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $(\DT\\1&SBPGH  
F+   4

3DQ
#


M 8=A!0!S869M+3(P
3DQ
#

MGN8  #1[0 5                5G+!0!S869M+3(P
3DQ
#
Q7VQA8BYX

M!P!S869M+3(P
3DQ
#


4     !/)-/B:
0H=X'  #5*   %P

#$Y
3 S

Q

4     !/)-/!:]CH#$$  # $   %P

#$Y
3 S

R

#$Y
3 S
@

end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018
Oct. 31
 2017






































Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution
 percent of employees' salary








Employee benefit plans
 total employer contribution


























Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution
 percent of employees' salary


























Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution
 percent of employees' salary


























Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution percentage


























Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution percentage

















































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }
















































055











046











100
000











503
000


875
000


768
000





701































Operating leases
 rental expense



300
000


000
000.0


000
000.0



























































































































Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.




























Amount of the unrecorded obligation to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices (for example
 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018
Oct. 31
 2017













294


431


745














420


896


337





552


371


376





800)


600







000)









339


105)


150





175)


















846)


936


130)





649


094)







072)


109


459)





362


623)


341)





338)


132)


279)





517


077


013



Accrued expenses
 claims payable and other liabilities

548


053)


931





506


982


208





800


413


953














503)


875)


768)







201







507)


674)


915)














000









000)









225)




416)





357)


966)


399)







463)









320







429)


722)


032)





931


831)


864)





776)


092)


174





193


285


111





417


193


285














106


090


990



Interest paid
 net

043


054


867














209


921


966























































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.

























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.






















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in accrued expenses
 and obligations classified as other.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to taxing authorities for taxes that are based on the reporting entity's earnings
 net of amounts receivable from taxing authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in insurance settlements receivable
 which are amounts due in settlement of a claim for reimbursement from an insurance company when the Company has suffered a loss covered under an insurance policy. The expectation is that such reimbursement will be received within one year of the balance sheet date.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





















































































The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.




























Cash outflow in the form of capital distributions and dividends to common shareholders
 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.

























































Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018









Property
 plant and equipment

505


351





911


751





416


102












172


814





155


862





528


280





333


235





272







637)


017)





461


481





284


309





132


793







Deferred Tax Assets
 Accrued Expenses and Accounts Receivable























































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)




















































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.



















































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.





















































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019


















































































































The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018


Accounts receivable
 allowance

260


260



Common Stock
 par value (in usd per share)






Common Stock
 authorized shares (in shares)

000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 issued shares (in shares)

203
920


099
780



Common Stock
 outstanding shares (in shares)

203
920


099
780










Preferred Stock
 par value (in usd per share)






Preferred Stock
 authorized shares (in shares)

000


000



Preferred Stock
 issued shares (in shares)













Preferred Stock
 authorized shares (in shares)

500
000


500
000



Preferred Stock
 issued shares (in shares)










Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018


Prepaid Expense
 Current [Abstract]








617


287





859


232





455


721





931


240







Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for other costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for insurance that provides economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of consideration paid in advance for supplies that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018
Oct. 31
 2017


SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Movement in Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Roll Forward]










260


260


650





000)


















260


260


260



































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019







The Company has approximately 17
055 employees
 approximately 2
The Company has vehicle and equipment operating leases that expire at various dates through fiscal 2023. Rental expense under these leases totaled approximately $20.3 million
 $19.0 million
 and $17.0 million during fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The minimum lease payments of obligations under non-cancelable operating leases at October&#160;31
At October&#160;31
 2019
 the Company&#8217;s estimated outstanding contractual obligations for feed grains
 feed ingredients
 packaging supplies
 construction projects and new equipment totaled $208.1 million
Between September 2
 2016 and October 13
 2016
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants
 along with 13 other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies
 in multiple putative class action lawsuits filed by direct and indirect purchasers of broiler chickens in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The complaints allege that the defendants conspired to unlawfully fix
 raise
 maintain
 and stabilize the price of broiler chickens
 thereby violating federal and certain states&#8217; antitrust laws
 and also allege certain related state-law claims. The complaints also allege that the defendants fraudulently concealed the alleged anticompetitive conduct in furtherance of the conspiracy. The complaints seek damages
 including treble damages for the antitrust claims
 injunctive relief
 costs
 and attorneys&#8217; fees. As detailed below
 the Court has consolidated all of the direct purchaser complaints into one case
 and the indirect purchaser complaints into two cases
On October 28
 2016
 the direct and indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed consolidated
 amended complaints
 and on November 23
 2016
 the direct and indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed second amended complaints. On December 16
 2016
 the indirect purchaser plaintiffs separated into two cases. On that date
 the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint
On January 27
 2017
 the defendants filed motions to dismiss the amended complaints in all of the cases
 and on November 20
 2017
 the motions to dismiss were denied. On February 7
 2018
 the direct purchaser plaintiffs filed their third amended complaint
 adding three additional poultry producers as defendants. On February 12
 2018
 the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed their second amended complaint
 in which they also added three additional poultry producers as defendants
 along with Agri Stats. On February 20
 2018
 the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their fourth amended complaint. On November 13
 2018
 the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their fifth amended complaint
 adding three additional poultry producers as defendants. On November 28
 2018
 the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed their third amended complaint. On January 15
 2019
 the direct purchaser plaintiffs filed their fourth amended complaint
 and the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their sixth amended complaint. Both the direct purchaser plaintiffs and the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs added two new poultry producers as defendants
 as well as Agri Stats. On April 29
 2019
 the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed their fourth amended complaint. The parties are currently engaged in discovery
Between December 8
 2017 and September 13
 2019
 additional purported direct-purchaser entities individually brought thirty-three separate suits against 19 poultry producers
 including Sanderson Farms
 and Agri Stats in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois
 the United States District Court for the District of Kansas
 the United States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas
 and the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. These suits allege substantially similar claims to the direct purchaser class complaint described above; certain of the suits additionally allege related state-law and common law claims
 and related claims under federal and Georgia RICO statutes. Those suits filed in the Northern District of Illinois are now pending in front of the same judge as the putative class action lawsuits. On June 26
 2018
 the defendants filed a motion to transfer the case filed in the District of Kansas to the Northern District of Illinois
 and that motion was granted on September 13
 2018. On June 7
 2019
 the plaintiffs filed a motion to transfer the case filed in the Western District of Arkansas to the Northern District of Illinois
 and that motion was granted on June 11
 2019. On July 24
 2019
 one of the defendants filed a motion to transfer the case filed in the District of Puerto Rico to the Northern District of Illinois
 and that motion was granted on July 25
 2019. On July 22
 2019
 the Company moved to dismiss in part those direct-purchaser complaints that allege claims under federal and Georgia RICO statutes against it. The motion was fully briefed on September 20
 2019
 and a hearing on the motion is scheduled for December 18
 2019. On October 18
 2019
 defendants moved to dismiss the case filed by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico on its behalf and on behalf of its citizens. The motion will be fully briefed on January 21
 2020. The parties are currently engaged in discovery
 received from the United States Department of Justice
 Antitrust Division
 a subpoena that included a request to produce all discovery in the case to a grand jury. On June 27
 2019
 permitted the United States Department of Justice to intervene in the case
 as well as ordered certain discovery stayed until September 27
 2019. Before the discovery stay expired on September 27
 2019
 to extend the discovery stay for an additional six months. On September 25
 2019
 the Court granted the additional stay of not less than three months. On October 16
 2019
 after further consideration
 the Court extended the stay until June 27
The Company received a grand jury subpoena in connection with the United States Department of Justice Antitrust Division investigation on September 9
We intend to continue to defend the lawsuits vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material
Sanderson Farms
 Inc.; Joe F. Sanderson
 Jr.
 the Chairman of the Registrant&#8217;s Board of Directors and its Chief Executive Officer; and D. Michael Cockrell
 director and Chief Financial Officer
 were named as defendants in a putative class action lawsuit filed on October 28
 2016
 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. On March 30
 2017
 the lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint adding Lampkin Butts
 director
 Chief Operating Officer
 and President
as a defendant
 and on June 15
 2017
 the lead plaintiff filed a second amended complaint. The complaint alleges that the defendants made statements in the Company&#8217;s SEC filings and press releases
 and other public statements
 that were materially false and misleading in light of the Company&#8217;s alleged
 undisclosed violation of the federal antitrust laws described above. The complaint also alleges that the material misstatements were made in order to
 among other things
 &#8220;artificially inflate and maintain the market price of Sanderson Farms securities.&#8221; The complaint alleges the defendants thereby violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)
 including Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder
 and
 for the individual defendants
 Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act
 and seeks damages
 interest
 costs and attorneys&#8217; fees. On January 19
 2018
 the Court granted the defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss and entered judgment for the defendants. On January 31
 2018
 the plaintiff filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The appeal was fully briefed
 and the Court of Appeals heard oral argument on August 31
 2018. On December 10
 2019
On January 30
 2017
 the Company received a letter from an attorney representing a putative shareholder demanding that the Company take action against current and/or former officers and directors of the Company for alleged breach of their fiduciary duties. The shareholder asserted that the officers and directors (i) failed to take any action to stop the alleged antitrust conspiracy described above
 despite their alleged knowledge of the conspiracy
 and (ii) made and/or caused the Company to make materially false and misleading statements by failing to disclose the alleged conspiracy. The shareholder also asserted that certain directors engaged in &#8220;insider sales&#8221; from which they improperly benefited. In addition to demanding that the officers and directors be sued
 the shareholder also demanded that the Company adopt unspecified corporate governance improvements. On February 9
 2017
 pursuant to statutory procedures available in connection with demands of this type
 the Company&#8217;s board of directors appointed a special committee of qualified directors to determine
 after conducting a reasonable inquiry
 whether it was in the Company&#8217;s best interests to pursue any of the actions demanded in the shareholder&#8217;s letter. On April 26
 2017
 the special committee reported to the Company&#8217;s board of directors its determination that it was not in the Company&#8217;s best interests to take any of the demanded actions at that time
 and that no governance improvements related to the subject matter of the demand were needed. On May 5
 2017
 the special committee&#8217;s counsel informed the shareholder&#8217;s counsel of the committee&#8217;s determination. As of the date of filing of this report
 and to the Company&#8217;s knowledge
On January 27
 2017
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants
 along with four other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies
 in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. On March 27
 2017
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants
 along with four other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies
 in a second putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. The Court ordered the suits consolidated into one proceeding
 and on July 10
 2017
 the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint. The consolidated amended complaint alleges that the defendants unlawfully conspired by sharing data on compensation paid to broiler farmers
 with the purpose and effect of suppressing the farmers&#8217; compensation below competitive levels. The consolidated amended complaint also alleges that the defendants unlawfully conspired to not solicit or hire the broiler farmers who were providing services to other defendants. The consolidated amended complaint seeks treble damages
 costs and attorneys&#8217; fees. On September 8
 2017
 the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint
 on October 23
 2017
 the plaintiffs filed their response
 and on November 22
 2017
 the defendants filed a reply. On January 19
 2018
 the Court granted the Sanderson Farms defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction. The motion to dismiss the complaint filed in the Eastern District of Oklahoma on its merits is pending as to the remaining defendants. On February 21
 2018
 the plaintiffs filed a substantially similar lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina against Sanderson Farms and our subsidiaries and another poultry producer. The plaintiffs subsequently moved to consolidate this action with the Eastern District of Oklahoma action in the Eastern District of Oklahoma for pre-trial proceedings
 with the defendants in support thereof. That motion was denied. On July 13
 2018
 the defendants moved to dismiss the lawsuit in the Eastern District of North Carolina
 and briefing was completed on September 4
 2018. On January 15
 2019
 the Court granted in part the defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss and stayed the action in the Eastern District of North Carolina pending resolution of the action in the Eastern District of Oklahoma. No discovery has taken place to date. We intend to defend this case vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of this action. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material
On February 21
 2017
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. received an antitrust civil investigative demand from the Office of the Attorney General
 Department of Legal Affairs
 of the State of Florida. Among other things
 the demand seeks information related to the Georgia Dock Index and other information on poultry and poultry products published by the Georgia Department of Agriculture and its Poultry Market News division. The Company is cooperating fully with the investigative demand
 and we have responded to all requests received to date; however
 we are unable to predict its outcome at this time. Separately
received from the Office of the Attorney General
 Department of Legal Affairs
 of the State of Florida
On June 22
 2017
 the Company was named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The complaint
 which was brought by three non-profit organizations (the Organic Consumers Association
 Friends of the Earth
 and Center for Food Safety) alleged that the Company is violating the California Unfair Competition Law and the California False Advertising Law by representing that its poultry products are &#8220;100% Natural&#8221; products raised with &#8220;100% Natural&#8221; farming procedures. Among other things
 the plaintiffs alleged that the Company&#8217;s products contain residues of human and animal antibiotics
 other pharmaceuticals
 hormones
 steroids
 and pesticides. Plaintiffs sought an order enjoining the Company from continuing its allegedly unlawful marketing program and requiring the Company to conduct a corrective advertising campaign; an accounting of the Company&#8217;s profits derived from the allegedly unlawful marketing practices; and attorneys&#8217; fees
 costs and interest. On August 2
 2017
 the Company moved to dismiss the lawsuit on various grounds. On August 23
 2017
 the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint
 which included substantially similar allegations as the original complaint
 and the Company filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on September 13
 2017. On February 9
 2018
 the Court denied the Company&#8217;s motion to dismiss. An initial scheduling conference was held on March 1
 2018
 and discovery started thereafter. On June 25
 2018
 the plaintiffs amended their complaint for a second time
 including to remove allegations that USDA had found the Company&#8217;s chicken samples to contain residues of antibiotics or other substances. On July 9
 2018
 the Company filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint. On July 18
 2018
 during the pendency of that motion
 the parties stipulated to the voluntary dismissal of one of the plaintiff organizations (the Organic Consumers Association). The other two plaintiffs continued to prosecute their claims. On September 11
 2018
 the Court granted the motion to dismiss the second amended complaint with leave to amend the complaint
 and on October 2
 2018
 the remaining plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint. The third amended complaint alleged that the Company misleads consumers with regard to (1) the presence of unnatural residues in its chicken products; (2) the fact that it uses antibiotics in raising its chickens; (3) the conditions in which it raises its chickens; and (4) the risks of human antibiotic resistance caused by the Company&#8217;s use of antibiotics.  On October 16
 2018
 the Company filed a motion to dismiss the third amended complaint
 and on December 3
 2018
 the Court denied that motion. Fact discovery concluded on March 18
 2019. On April 1
 2019
 Sanderson filed a motion to dismiss for lack of subject matter jurisdiction on grounds that the remaining plaintiffs lacked standing. The Court held a hearing on the Company&#8217;s motion on May 30
 2019. On July 31
 2019
 the Court granted Sanderson&#8217;s motion without prejudice
 stating that dismissal for lack of standing must be without prejudice
 but denied the plaintiffs leave to amend their complaint. On October 8
 2019
 the Court taxed $12
On August 30
 2019
 plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal of the District Court&#8217;s order of dismissal before the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Under the briefing schedule ordered by the Court of Appeals
 plaintiffs&#8217; opening brief is due on January 8
 2020
 and Sanderson&#8217;s response brief is due on February 7
 2020. Briefing is scheduled to be complete by the end of February 2020
 and oral argument is likely to be scheduled for late 2020 or early 2021. We intend to vigorously defend the appeal. However
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of this action. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company&#8217;s reputation and marketing program could be materially
 adversely affected
 which could have a material
On August 30
 2019
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and its Foods and Processing Divisions
 as well as seventeen other poultry producers and their affiliates; Agri Stats
 Inc.; and Webber
 Meng
 Sahl and Company
 Inc. (&#8220;WMS&#8221;)
 were named in a putative class action filed in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. To date
 three other nearly identical putative class action complaints
 each seeking to represent the same putative class
 have been filed. The complaints
 brought on behalf of non-supervisory production and maintenance employees at broiler chicken processing plants
 allege that the defendants unlawfully conspired by agreeing to fix and depress the compensation paid to them
 including hourly wages and compensation benefits
 from January 1
 2009 to the present. The plaintiffs claim that broiler producers shared competitively sensitive wage and benefits compensation information in three ways: (1) attending in-person meetings in Destin
 Florida; (2) receiving Agri Stats reports
On November 12
 2019
 the Court ordered that the four putative class action complaints would be consolidated for all pretrial purposes. The Court ordered plaintiffs to file their consolidated complaint on or before November 14
 2019. Defendants&#8217; motions to dismiss the consolidated complaint were filed on November 22
or before February 28
 2020; however
 on November 26
 2019
 plaintiffs notified defendants that they intend to file an amended consolidated complaint. Additional motions to dismiss likely will follow
 after which the parties will wait for a decision on the defendants' motion to dismiss from the trial court. We intend to defend these cases vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material
On October 11
 2019
 three named plaintiffs - Daniel Lentz
 Pam La Fosse
 and Marybeth Norman - filed
 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California
 a nationwide class action against Sanderson Farms
 Inc. on behalf of a putative class of all individuals and businesses throughout the United States who purchased one or more Sanderson chicken products in the prior four years. The lawsuit alleges that the named plaintiffs and other class members purchased Sanderson chicken products based on misleading representations in Sanderson&#8217;s advertising. Specifically
 the plaintiffs in this case allege that Sanderson&#8217;s advertising (including
 but not limited to
 on its website
 television commercials
 radio advertisements
 social media
 print magazines
 billboards
 and trucks) misleads consumers into believing that (i) Sanderson&#8217;s chickens were not given antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals
 (ii) the chickens were raised in a &#8220;natural&#8221; environment
 (iii) there is no evidence that the use of antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals in poultry contributes to the evolution of antibiotic-resistant bacteria
 and (iv) Sanderson&#8217;s chicken products do not contain antibiotic or pharmaceutical residues. Plaintiffs allege that (i) Sanderson &#8220;routinely&#8221; feeds antibiotics and pharmaceuticals to its chickens
 (ii) Sanderson raises its chickens indoors in &#8220;unnatural&#8221; indoor conditions amounting to &#8220;intensive confinement&#8221; and without natural light (iii) there is &#8220;extensive&#8221; reliable evidence that the use of antibiotics in poultry contributes to antibiotic-resistant bacteria
 and (iv) Sanderson&#8217;s chickens have been found to contain antibiotic and pharmaceutical residue. The Complaint asserts five causes of action under California and North Carolina law. The plaintiffs seek injunctive relief directing Sanderson to correct its practices and to comply with consumer protection laws nationwide. The plaintiffs also seek monetary
 compensatory
 statutory
 and punitive damages
 as well as attorneys&#8217; and experts&#8217; fees
 costs
 and expenses. Sanderson has not yet responded to the Complaint. Sanderson&#8217;s response is due on December 20
 2019. We intend to defend this lawsuit vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of this action. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material
The Company is involved in various other claims and litigation incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be determined with certainty
 management
 upon the advice of counsel
 is of the opinion that the final outcome of currently pending matters
 other than those discussed above
The Company recognizes the costs of legal defense for the legal proceedings to which it is a party in the periods incurred. After a considerable analysis of each case
 the Company has determined that no accrual is required for any of the foregoing matters as of October 31
 2019. Future reserves may be required if losses are deemed reasonably estimable and probable due to changes in the Company&#8217;s assumptions
 the effectiveness of legal strategies
 or other factors beyond the Company&#8217;s control. Future results of operations may be materially affected by the creation of reserves or by accruals of losses to reflect any adverse determinations in these legal proceedings.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019








 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.




 The Company is engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and other prepared chicken items. The Company&#8217;s net sales and cost of sales are significantly affected by market price fluctuations of its principal products sold and of its principal feed ingredients
The Company sells to retailers
 distributors and casual dining operators primarily in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States. Management periodically performs credit evaluations of its customers&#8217; financial condition and generally does not require collateral. The Company recognizes revenue in connection with a contract in which the Company has agreed to sell
 and a customer has agreed to purchase
 specific quantities of product at agreed-upon prices and when the Company's performance obligation related to that contract has been satisfied. In the majority of its contracts with customers
 the Company's performance obligation is satisfied when delivery of the product has occurred
 either at the customer's facility or the Company's facility
 depending on the terms of each contract. In a small number of contracts
 ownership of the product passes from the Company to the customer at some point during transit
 at which time the performance obligation is satisfied and revenue is recognized. Gross revenue and related receivables are recognized based on the transaction price within the contract and are reduced by estimated or known amounts for items such as rebates
 discounts
 cooperative advertising allowances and other various items to arrive at net revenue. During fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017
 these reductions to revenue totaled approximately $66.5&#160;million
 $79.2&#160;million and $77.2&#160;million
The cost incurred for shipping and handling activities to deliver the product to the customer is recognized in cost of sales during the period in which the corresponding revenue is recognized. Where shipping and handling activities occur after the customer has obtained control of the product
 the Company has elected to account for those expenses as fulfillment costs in cost of sales
 rather than an additional promised service. This accounting treatment is the same as the accounting treatment prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company has
 prior to the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 accounted for freight one of two ways. First
 when the Company's agreement with its customer did not authorize the Company to invoice the customer separately for freight
 the Company attempted to negotiate a higher price
 and paid freight costs associated with the sale. In these instances
 that cost was booked as an expense in cost of sales. In some instances
 the Company's agreements with its customers authorize the Company to invoice the customer for freight costs separately on its invoice to the customer. Under these arrangements
 the Company has previously accounted for freight by recognizing revenue net of the freight costs. Subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 both arrangements are accounted for in the same manner. That is
 in both instances
 revenue is reported gross of any freight charge
 and all freight costs are accounted for as cost of sales. Because we adopted ASU 2014-09 using the modified-retrospective transition method
 we did not restate prior-period financial statements
 and the separately-invoiced freight costs from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to cost of sales. During fiscal 2019
 we recognized revenue of approximately $24.9&#160;million related to those freight charges
 as compared to approximately $20.0&#160;million and $13.7&#160;million
 respectively
Due to the nature of our contracts
 commissions associated with such contracts provide only a short-term benefit (i.e. less than one year); therefore
 with our adoption of ASU 2014-09
 we recognize costs of commissions paid to third-party brokers as selling
 general and administrative expenses effective as of November 1
 2018. Prior to our adoption of ASU 2014-09
 those commissions were recognized as a reduction of revenue. Because we transitioned using the modified-retrospective method
 we did not restate prior-period financial statements
 and those commissions from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to revenue. During fiscal 2019
 we recognized approximately $10.9&#160;million in commissions as selling
 general and administrative expenses
Two customers each accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31
 2019. Sales to those customers accounted for 15.8% and 11.8%
 respectively
 of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2019. The same two customers each also accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31
 2018. Sales to those customers accounted for 14.3% and 10.5%
 respectively
accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31
Sales of offal are considered by-products; accordingly
 these amounts reduce cost of sales and totaled $31.1 million
 $34.4 million and $32.6 million in fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017
The Company sells certain of its products either directly to foreign markets or to U.S. based customers who resell the product in foreign markets. These foreign markets for fiscal 2019 and 2018 were primarily Mexico
 Cuba
 Central Asia and the Middle East
 and for fiscal 2017 were primarily Mexico
 Central Asia and the Middle East. These export sales for fiscal years 2019
 2018 and 2017 totaled approximately $284.5 million
 $215.8 million and $268.5 million
 respectively. The Company does not believe that the amount of sales attributable to any single foreign country is material to its total sales during any of the periods presented. The Company&#8217;s export sales are facilitated through independent food brokers located in the United States and the Company&#8217;s internal sales staff.














 In the normal course of business
 the Company extends credit to its customers on a short-term basis
 generally less than twenty-one days. Although credit risks associated with our customers are considered minimal
 the Company routinely reviews its accounts receivable balances and records provisions for probable doubtful accounts based on an individual assessment of a customer&#8217;s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends
 including the aging of receivable balances. In circumstances where management is aware of a specific customer&#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. If circumstances change (i.e.
 higher than expected defaults or an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer&#8217;s ability to meet its financial obligations to us)
 our estimates of the recoverability of amounts due us could be reduced by a material amount and the allowance for doubtful accounts and related bad debt expense would increase by the same amount.




 Processed and prepared inventories and inventories of feed
 eggs
Live poultry inventories of broilers are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 and breeders at cost less accumulated amortization. The costs associated with breeders
 including breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower pay
In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be lower in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be higher in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company will make an adjustment to lower the value of live birds in inventory to the net realizable value. The significant judgments that management makes in order to assess the net realizable value of its broiler inventory include estimating future selling prices of finished products and the related cost of sales
 primarily feed costs
 to complete. The Company recorded a charge of $2.8&#160;million at October 31
 2019 and of $9.6&#160;million at October 31
 2018 to reduce the values of live broiler inventories on hand at those dates from cost to net realizable value.



Property
 Plant and Equipment

 Plant and Equipment: Property
 plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation of property
 plant and equipment is provided by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of 15 to 39 years for buildings and 3 to 12 years for machinery and equipment.




 The Company continually reevaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets based on events or changes in circumstances which indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. As part of this reevaluation and when indicators are present

 an impairment loss
 based on the fair value of the assets
 is recognized through a charge to operations.




 Insurance expense for workers&#8217; compensation benefits and employee-related health care benefits are estimated using historical experience and actuarial estimates. The Company utilizes an outside third party specialist to assist management in estimating the reserve ultimately recorded in the financial statements. The Company accrues expenses in its workers&#8217; compensation and employee benefit plans for both known claims as well as claims incurred but not reported. Stop-loss coverage is maintained with third party insurers to limit the Company&#8217;s total exposure. Management regularly reviews the assumptions used to recognize periodic expenses. Any resulting adjustments to accrued claims are reflected in current operating results. There are no material adjustments to expenses accrued in prior periods in current expenses. The total amounts recorded for the Company's reserve for workers' compensation benefits as of October 31
 2019 and October 31
 2018 are $20.5&#160;million and $18.4&#160;million
 respectively.




 The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses and totaled $19.9 million
 $38.9 million and $40.7 million for fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.




 Deferred income taxes are accounted for using the liability method and relate principally to depreciation expense
The Company is periodically audited by taxing authorities and considers any adjustments
 interest
 and penalties incurred as a result of the audits in computing and reporting income tax expense. Any audit adjustments could have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s effective tax rate. Tax periods for fiscal years 2016 through 2019 remain open to examination by federal and state taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.





 including grants of restricted stock and performance-based shares
 in the income statement based on their fair values. For performance-based shares
 the Company recognizes expense when management determines the performance criteria are probable of being met. The Company recognizes forfeitures of share-based payments during the period in which the forfeitures occur.




 Basic earnings per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Share-based payment awards entitling holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities and thus included in the calculation of basic earnings per share. These awards are included in the calculation of basic earnings per share under the two-class method. The two-class method allocates earnings for the period between common shareholders and other security holders. The participating awards receiving dividends are allocated the same amount of income as if they were outstanding shares. Diluted earnings per share includes any dilutive effects of options
 warrants
 restricted stock and convertible securities.




 The Company  holds certain items that are required to be disclosed at fair value
Level 2 &#8211; Inputs used to measure fair value
 other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date through correlation with market data
 including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and quoted prices in markets that are not active. Level 2 also includes assets and liabilities that are valued using models or other pricing methodologies that do not require significant judgment since the input assumptions used in the models
 such as interest rates and volatility factors
October 31
October 31
 2018




 In May 2017
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2017-09
 Scope of Modification Accounting
 which amends the requirements related to accounting for changes to stock compensation awards. The guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 and it did not have an impact on our consolidated financial statements. The impact this guidance will have on our future consolidated financial statements will depend on the nature and extent of future changes
 if any
In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
 which changes the criteria for recognizing revenue. ASU 2014-09 was amended by ASU 2015-14 to defer the effective date by one year. The guidance also modifies the related disclosure requirements
 clarifies guidance for multiple-element arrangements and provides guidance for transactions that were not addressed fully in previous guidance. The guidance
 as amended
 is effective for annual reporting periods
 and interim periods within those annual reporting periods
 beginning after December 15
 2017
 our fiscal 2019. The Company adopted this guidance using the modified retrospective transition method during the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Under the modified retrospective method
 prior periods were not adjusted. Additionally
 based on our contract assessments
 no cumulative-effect adjustment was made to the opening balance of retained earnings. For further information regarding the Company's revenue
 refer to the revenue discussion within this footnote above
In June 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-07
 Improvements to Non-employee Share-Based Payment Accounting
 which expands the scope of Topic 718
 Compensation - Stock Compensation
 to include all share-based payment transactions in which a grantor acquires goods or services to be used or consumed in a grantor's own operations by issuing share-based payment awards. The guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2018
In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses
 which intends to provide financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each reporting date. The guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2019
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance is intended to increase transparency and comparability among companies by requiring an entity that is a lessee to recognize on the balance sheet the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities arising from all leases with terms
 as defined by the guidance
 of greater than twelve months. The guidance also requires disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. The Company is required to adopt this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2020
 and we used the transition method that requires a cumulative-effect adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings during the period of adoption
 rather than restating prior-period financial statements. This guidance also provides certain practical expedients
 including a practical expedient package during transition. We utilized this package
 which allowed the Company to carry forward its determination of whether a lease exists
 the classification of a lease
Statements, Note 11 - Commitments and Contingencies for the total amount of the Company's noncancelable operating lease commitments. Management intends to purchase assets going forward
 rather than entering into additional long-term leases. Upon adoption
 based on our review of the Company's lease agreements and assessments performed to date
 we expect to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of approximately $53.0&#160;million
 primarily related to transportation equipment. We do not expect adoption to have a material effect on our consolidated statements of operations and cash flows.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the allowance for doubtful accounts for trade and other accounts receivable balances
 and when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for self-insurance reserves
 including
 but not limited to incurred but not reported reserves (IBNR).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019

Prepaid Expense
 Current [Abstract]





October&#160;31
33
28
8
8
14
6
56
43
240&#160;







Tabular disclosure of the amounts paid in advance for capitalized costs that will be expensed with the passage of time or the occurrence of a triggering event
 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019







October&#160;31
179
150
Feed
47
37
35
30
20
13
7
6
289
240
The increase in live inventories is attributable to an increase in the quantity of live birds in inventory at the Company's Tyler
 Texas facility as it increased production during fiscal 2019
 as well as the value at which the Company's live poultry inventories of broilers are recorded. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be lower in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be higher in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company will make an adjustment to lower the value of live birds in inventory to the net realizable value. The significant judgments that management makes in order to assess the net realizable value of its broiler inventory include estimating future selling prices of finished products and the related cost of sales to complete. The Company recorded a charge of $2.8&#160;million at October 31
 2019 and of $9.6&#160;million at October 31
The increases in feed
 eggs and other
 processed poultry and packaging materials inventories are also attributable to an increase in the inventory volume at the Tyler
 Texas facility.



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019







On December 22
 2017
 during our fiscal 2018
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA) was enacted. Changes as a result of the TCJA that either  affected the Company during fiscal 2018 or will affect future periods include
 but are not limited to
 a reduction of the corporate income tax rate from 35.0% to 21.0%
 bonus depreciation provisions that allow entities to fully expense qualified property during the year of purchase
 the elimination of the domestic production activities deduction beginning in our fiscal 2019
 the allowance of a deduction for foreign-derived intangible income
 changes to Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Section 162 regarding the deductibility of excessive employee remuneration for certain employees
 and the elimination of net operating loss (NOL) carryback provisions. Section 15 of the IRC stipulates that our fiscal 2018 was subject to a blended statutory tax rate of 23.3%
 which was based on a calculation of the number of days during fiscal 2018 that were subject to a 35.0% statutory rate and the number of days during fiscal 2018 that were subject to a 21.0% statutory rate. Fiscal 2019 was subject to a 21.0% statutory rate for the entire year
Our financial statements for fiscal 2018 were materially affected by the changes enacted by the TCJA. U.S. GAAP requires that the effects from changes in tax laws be recognized in the period in which the new law is enacted
 which for the TCJA was our first quarter of fiscal 2018. Since the TCJA was enacted on December 22
 2017
 which is during our first fiscal quarter
Our effective tax rates for fiscal 2019
 2018 and 2017 were 16.5%
 (101.0)% and 34.1%
 respectively. During the periods presented
Years Ended October&#160;31
117
(1
11
(1
128
13
(28
15
2
2
1
(5
(2
(1
11
(29
16
10
(30
144
October&#160;31
Property
148
88
1
1
150
90
8
7
1
2
7
8
9
12
1
(5
(11
54
6
76
27
74
62
Included in the deferred tax assets at October&#160;31
 2019
  is a federal NOL carryforward of $255.4 million. All of the NOL carryforward was incurred subsequent to the enactment of the TCJA and therefore has an indefinite carryforward period. The Company has significant deferred tax liabilities
 primarily related to property
 plant and equipment
 which are expected to reverse and allow for the full utilization of the NOL carryforward. As such
 the Company has not recorded a valuation allowance related to the NOL carryforward. Also included in the deferred tax assets are North Carolina Investing in Business Property Credit and North Carolina Jobs Credits totaling $4.9 million
 as well as Georgia Job Tax Credits totaling $2.6 million. The North Carolina Investing in Business Property Credit provides a 7% investment tax credit for property located in a North Carolina development area
 the North Carolina Creating Jobs Credit provides a tax credit for increased employment in North Carolina
 and the Georgia Job Tax Credit provides a tax credit for creation and retention of qualifying jobs in Georgia. It is management&#8217;s opinion that the majority of the North Carolina and Georgia income tax credits will not be utilized before they expire
 and a $5.6 million valuation allowance has been recorded as of October&#160;31
 2019. The North Carolina credits began to expire during fiscal 2018
At the end of each reporting period
 the Company evaluates all available information at that time to determine if it is more likely than not that some or all of these credits will be utilized. As of October 31
 2019
 2018
 and 2017
 the Company determined that a total of $1.8 million
 $0.7 million
 and $0.6 million
 respectively
 would be recovered. Accordingly
Years Ended October&#160;31
13
7
148
(37
1
1
9
(2
4
4
(11
(1
(1
(3
1
1
3
(5
(5
(1
10
(30
144
785&#160;



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018











928


056



















870


980



Feed
 eggs and other















417


965



















121


973



















032


591



















488


547




































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019







(In thousands
743
845
945
906
34
104
121
18
(17
40
53
(22
(In thousands
771
813
852
798
69
110
70
51
41
11
(43
198)



































Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019







October&#160;31
Property
148
88
1
1
150
90
8
7
1
2
7
8
9
12
1
(5
(11
54
6
76
27
74
62
793&#160;




Years Ended October&#160;31
13
7
148
(37
1
1
9
(2
4
4
(11
(1
(1
(3
1
1
3
(5
(5
(1
10
(30
144
785&#160;





 2018 and 2017 were 16.5%
 (101.0)% and 34.1%
 respectively. During the periods presented
Years Ended October&#160;31
117
(1
11
(1
128
13
(28
15
2
2
1
(5
(2
(1
11
(29
16
10
(30
144
785&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018
Oct. 31
 2017













408


132


585







505)







189


014


038





121


117











527)





388)


638)


345)





786


890


506





380)


297)


106)














553


874)


785























139)






































Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Expiration Of Tax Credit

























































Amount of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation
 attributable to expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes expense determined to be nondeductible upon grant or after for award under share-based payment arrangement.






















































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.













































































































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax credits. Including
 but not limited to
 research credit
 foreign tax credit
 investment tax credit
 and other tax credits.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018
Oct. 31
 2017













431


229


810





334


250


587





031)


696)


294)





464)


352)


874)





270


431


229

























































































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.






















































































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Oct. 31
 2019
Jul. 31
 2019
Apr. 30
 2019
Jan. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018
Jul. 31
 2018
Apr. 30
 2018
Jan. 31
 2018
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018
Oct. 31
 2017





























489


152


229


388


148


434


474


948


440
258


236
004


342
226





743


008


396


988




866


064


847











871)


362


636


833)


198)


475


948


206


294


431


745
































Revenue
 Net


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
































































/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019

Prepaid Expense
 Current [Abstract]





October&#160;31
33
28
8
8
14
6
56
43
240&#160;







Disclosure of Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2019







Certain share-based payment awards entitling holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities and thus included in the calculation of basic earnings per share
October 31
October 31
October 31
53
61
279
(4
52
60
275
21
22
22
21
22
22
393&#160;








































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( $$\DT\?(\\#P    !







M$P   'AL+W1H96UE+W1H96UE
2YX;6SM6EMSVC@4?N^OT'AG]FT+QC:!MK03
X%<R)!%!,!FGK_# J5
7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#
MW(*+$MX%,O67.!;&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S

YV?/;$[9^
RMIT-&T:









M2^JVE+ZU)CA*]+'







N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2
M)1(4BK 


W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%


+$CN'MB[\!
M4$L#!!0    ( $$\DT\\YWRZ=@
  


O\V)BG:.QE7U2R;@M5!XT\+

'

Y0J?^VO16VOM_Z-$ .-)L! @)' 9Y\2

M69[6M%Y7\2*Z=MT
B'6/@ FC8C(]#T* 6P!D2'CP(;C. ?$5N
$/00.#E'
M;NE\0D]HNB#IPM+%A)XZ2X01
UH@(0421




YQICK88
MQOA$Z-PSG&K.71&

F
1BZB%0 //
5V2 CC_@://DH]9V
MP*13K0P$$QGW54V@RP#@B'




T


M$9L7VS







V&MYTT^=A\P_./P!02P
$%     @

RYX;6Q]

W[RT
M75

C]VB?VN:JOMO


M&@#%IP%J#E D(+LXFU+]I1JJS:IKSXON\FN=JG%2P(.*@_D\/IS&;OHN9MO'


M2Y*X2
PD.4X2KPL@JI*K  &\DLT4HIFFW'$S$6B;[M18V1E8(
HQF4W6C1










S+B4V2%REE4EL

HH6U% )IC4]<YEVR

O


J






M%;NY(@H'=(  X4'4GBM?3R3Q(+HI-$K:3J0+T(6QQSD3\634A\D
2?D1!L


P7*DP &17B5XTWLJ&691




MFH6]F









@U5*+%$5.X+0K

M8
!3;T]1WI1@


M?!AH=W28(T[+%4^)VCF3;D#K!AZ(;!NC ]9;OP=)I$X5PC0!P6
R(-M&0
M)SCC8_X(2G[!F4)YG'W0.YQIC0)HP36J!'TL#@+G(G;WT+M!0L&#YP1I/.



MI62M8XV.8NV+=?&9F3

(G*0^'3=1.TRR(2(HYVZ78_G<^:<P_%?):_5MEV[Q^*
C473.LM[N_+[<

$*[OTQVF[W3?;X^D?


._3*IW/


!
7$FNKKB.*$






.NL
MXP]X2T+8EH+/&LCG9  D?PY$U';:T
#(&%J$ZVD=PYHK9($NL&D$L##]6_
M0&WU*8QU*8^CHVB1/,AO;K&L+4IC'4;D5QE\;*6.X(4OM2U[6$J4TCJ'U/
MF+-\.:Z0KN;LT+1ASM((SB[H%SE+F+
TAK/4!^B-T8G@*Q]P5F@^E.BYV RN

#O/M45M6O(P.W$H4YJQ!G^1U(<Z24 GQ8XN/LS4W^+^
!   &    'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E='


X8&[P%
M_&E@D%=[SU1RYOS5&-^+U ]
0D A5T:!Z.4!Z#4.DTWD9-?PIIB-?[#_5O

1&4G2'HY[UMEFG7EG8;T
M$9M;

0%  !)'0  &



MUW4_^[;;[KO;^7/?'ZX7B^[^N=Y5W8?F4._C?QZ;=E?U\6/[M.@.;5T]C(-V

MWW^/_M.8?$SF2]75JV;[U^:A?[Z=^_GLH7ZL7K;]Y^;MYWI*R
UG4_:_UJ_U


&)$2NRZAZQ*X



MI4@A[ZC4ME
[9880Q0)B^UY)3Z@3=PZ^ B..W5]M.53[[S##.$48E;I=8$ =MMX9

L\

0T)7^
M;=^:1VC2@JO$:5(%2Y4B-M!77!FY!
W GZY8Z*@

2 & ]!J0DE(M.)OL78 
9;@&.I7AI7-
2O%I
M=^!SQ12S2P[@F:7I,2)&YMDQ8%]C3$ZV!K(*(@9&JJQ?RR@%]!\\NFO+'&



L]U]7#ZL*T?^^%M&=^W






M;@_'-


'CB[2'QO2F#,[8BWGGQUGLOQ?9SFK%+()IBCF-,LHR9(YAGGU,D:RF.
MR0=XL@[?K2K<1?CNC<+].D&Z2I!&@O2_):[%7+]+PA8]56:.$V6E-CK.
D+




=19$E4!:
;[9O&=:2$.++/G.MLBP]TH:.%OB





MV9M



S%?X(K* R/2C!'995/*ZD&



MS5#;+.G?US:$H@;UQ?:

MOVG0:.&\:5IF!P.BCB2M&$^2#TP+V=
RC[ZS*7


#4[$S+T?1'CBPY'[WE3!





9
MJX1'T];
=19$&4E*




K

,L.5*87L<Y7GCG<;WC\47^PL=9?Q*V
M;K4C9^/Q76/W*V,\8K)%0Y0@]]K-B14/AQO\&S'(1L-;[KI_[#Y$^<?4$L#
M!!0    ( $$\DT_T(?



^ GY*&.WJ3$(E%\27


2CWC.

M^SC=I.E

[8BWOGD


M!9U_U]C]&M&!3R6Y\0/4^N^U& IJ%XYW_FRF(9L
A_W\?]CRB8N_4$L#!!0





M]@9$%4E:


MI():#


]J_A4M'B9=MG%?9QN
M^
U

PZ9 
?
'X421&1R)F7K?B_#$Z8'[WI3!&5L1[WSRUGLO
M!4\^9^P2A&;

RK+R'X5H@C?T?GV_3=9H:[2-^MZ6FR+;#?%-A'
M@?V')6Y@TK=%LE5/-9@F3I
E)0Y=G.25=QG8.Q[?Y#]\FO8?PC2RL^2
SK]L
M['^-Z


M?5-A;]P@#/TKB!]0+B3=JE
2J==JVJ1-.G7:^IE+G 050@;DTOW[&9)FV1;M

A]$
MU_!?QO.%BVVLM120^^DZ8F%IJ#WR?&4A?@8\%WY#9G$BJY&/
2C$]U00]!
M$BH?& 0N%WA 90*1CCQ\))UY0!N#V_L7^(M6



(WP] ^%Z3Y!MDN018+LOR7N
MQ61_)6&;GFJP;9PF1RHS]G&2-]YU8.]Y?)/?X?.T?Q&VE;TC%^/Q96/_&V
\

MPQC#%S')'




PVQL0501IQ7B2W#(M

U#F]2X^G?8B/ 3\DC'9U)J&2^)3,+Y4.4V(%!0NL @_':%




]LW@I6KQ
N^SB/DXWNW2&;0/X#. +X!#S


M_H


M4.Y(ME6G)%*OT[1*FW3JM/4SES@)*H04R*7[]S
D3=
NVQ? QN_YV9AL-/;1


)2




_15!'U EBM
6

F[

M3IQT3AF R_
'^Y=8.]9R%@[NC7QM2]]D]):2$BK12_]DAJ\PU;.G9K^$2X@
M,3PHP1R%D2ZNI.B=-VIB02E*O(][J^,^C#=[/L'6 7P\!EP&_.P

X8N8[1S!D'U.
MP==2'/D_
U-9I$=!T#?.= U$ED%:,;S;OF!;2T)+OK
K
ML'


MG-YOCZ=]C$\!/R0
?G$FL9*+M4_1^%SE=!

M3AF!R_


5%2_D$$463.


CU.('FPT%=8C'.SR[

_2N('U!RY+95IR12K].T
M2JMTZK3M





C

VZ=1I

=EH[(MK 3QYU:IS.6V][X^
N;(%
M+=R-Z:'#F]I8+3R:MF&NMRJ-**\=WNP+20'2VRZ#O;(C.#5[*#LR5NT%K8
M7R=09LSIGKXYGF33^N!@1=:+!KZ!_]Z?+5IL8:FDALY)TQ$+=4[O]\=3&N)C
MP \)HUN=2:CD8LQ+




M971S+W-H965T

17BS0Z^'M9A;#WB-=]K2\%


B&10) 

+D6&0!1183@B+V


&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#(U+GAM;&U3[8Z<(!1]%<(#+/C3J<3


S%?X$;*(2'






M\BL4G$)RG*MD($Z

B

2; _6]*8


MFZAJI59:I6K[S-KCB\+%!;Q._[X#=ARKZQ=@AG/.7!BRT=A7UP)X\J:D=CEM


@AA&G]F3;J$
M#

@$
M8Y1&NKB2
.F0#'S9^%%D5DS




  !D   !X




Z9B\?YJ



J_W-#[).WP:]A_



;G
D



*F4KH-.M[)*L./

GY
FGBT=



MN;\X/E)[-H5+^J/PWVSQVF9O.=TG*;DYH0ES&C%T@8EG!+'JLP4-69SH/W0:

DN:+(+'Q8F00PA_]TD@1-
MDH! O#()8=;G31:W0XJ_5QH5
AKYV=RD9U'[Y'ZV_4'/L[M%Z;JMM/H(HV]







(FAZ#)(20;$QF

S




4U)!+0;IGG'\#'
]MY3
Q7^%T@/#YGX&5*


RK+R'X5H@C_X_.





A
MMNI 










'9VQ%O


M(1BJ3R'X4H@C_T+GR_3-8H:;2-_

UZ


/8M
WSOX!4$L#!!0    ( $$\DT_62\$8MP$






0GP





ML



[T5UT\J:@Q:Q-\[


3Q_




M

'C!U(Z$V#N3 @?F!.TS08O8=1DJ??2/C1X C#GP3
MMP(XED1GN$'@@:NK


M3(@[B6 G$7!@D'016:




5-@9V<JQOLN;&K%34%B4%#IVLR:&?:)V%01V-8EP84SV^%<






?$LT)4]XA]
M-D.P,3[B#==Q(Z?+/C1X7%;(-D42)Q ^D^
9!7#8PX.TSM
ENQ6H
J#]@M0

&KA
MSMSBSKSQN6#0:CM]


X]OO=@


U!H[D3?FU]F=&RF*

)L60P88Z!&^

XSCF

MU5H

'%! 7J'/= /J$A?NR!SM&0CBL.





M@A%F@MC
$1$9()X6



0(  (8&



 [:/63


ML8




M_Y







MD[]WP$5?A''XEGBJKY6V53F';O=] _NH






$%     @

\RO3N)GNL[.8K!KARDZKFQ0W7




M@*6
=KSEKQMG]U_Z)KE[4<



  LEBMW:@)C5.
$!\I[B!(T1H@/ 7$.%JM-J



4?
%\5$FD-NVT29M4==KV

T[2O?V



MSTK^(IUZ7Q1







IV0OW3


_2U
M!26]
O;OQA8&-PO!W)(.=2BB

J TW
M 0NB/35*I_8;@GN0( 8C(]L P1U&TNLK!G+@8^,8N@/^I/


^ LQ'






*A5[[YYE[9YM

M1 F6$[Q$
048-AR.VBX79BV[.=AMM&CZ&1\,+QK97U!+ P04
M !!/)-/NR^^A


M;6Q]5-ENVS 0_!6'Q#JLML:DH#&19$+6D:/),2RN+ ^%I*WT[TM2C* X

#6/0BN#05[JT==H28I@=!S8T:0+J53FE!K0OUB9A!






^7%=)D72!?



M4$L#!!0    ( $$\DT^4



MNV(EO\U]Y+]-/!6GLS(3P2)OZ(G]9.I7LQ5Z%/0LAZ)BM2QX[0EVG/M+]+A!




MAJC#K%H



RBP39JJY*-
MS
I_;!#/0R [PX





MBL-1&4.T6C3\('X*]:MY;/4L&EEV127JKI!UT(K],GS ]QM,C(-%_[$I9N

MYIW(9?FGV*GC

M*5D-+%I*Q5_[=U';]Z7_PK+!#78@@P


MF5
E&Q^%




XZZ5EZ

MNTR.X\^8-)YJ=H&WX_?LG_OF73

M/([&[K_IBRZ=O-Q-;:F;/O?:'MNK:G&+ ZERM^&9U'WS^N8_ST,#Z!C )T




M1R'A66*
^:X2JH!2-N
L
&-P$/  ]=_3*+JO%)P917XS)D!W.B (KL3^T-
MZGS@@DD?!Y$!$) S1+AS F*=0OE$+C%T\!(-HA,I&K&KP#W3L#,T[=R(U1

M@_=?Y;
L#+QE8FQL5-%TO\[FU&A5#EH
E3)[Z9]YU3W/@_Y7
5H@& 2BP!$
M[PJP08]83OH2#0(@$O-Z5+C9IIK/EO%9GI^X_[S%KLPAN0Q/]3;O9!;O[
MSX2G

M- M&.LHZ!6SDZ(2D%00=@KD0*&(M5CH@Y3]2Q9Z ODKHV*@:&8I(2J4'#!

P)RB&BW&/XE1T?T;41
Q9S'W^A]Q2-N$8DUXC@BDRL(LL$@$@070+D

M5/@0D=J(&0 /8IIK0G)-*[H#*T2P@X3^*11J(@A5$J@& LG3AKX=!WU=()

X%3@X0%4YD@8P


5+I) -$E^

VM:6).HR*I-



M='








T1S![9-4*1$?RNWF!=


M=#4R+GAM;)56VX[:
!#]E2@?0#S.A8L B8NJ5FHEM%7;9P
&HDWBU#:P_?O:

[40)2\

MA


M


\QX+J#KO!BTO-] 5P+
'Z^

MFFI\^L'D
2V4MQ7:W./NMCT(H;G)D0S
RW


M:&5E='




8C._K?BX]BT^*=)VT?+^6F[O^.
M7M[KIMQ:*ZTKV_SG\7V]Z]\/UOYG
]R VP;\U(#)+QL(VT 
;2!M _FK@?ZR


M:&7A$UJY2.8CC!$SWX S+':9!\0PEWE$S*^^HG9:3W/+X=SRWH!P# AL0$ #


MTH @L(#:
N!QR 06%7:%JC L*PSHA=TW@ 4JT _6 48D $N R9P@#-UQ6AQ
M8#(0=?YH$10:+8Y-!H*3ZX )'%,LN6*T.*I8.F2T#*X'XYCCZ/8V@9Q\'
MV?#1\D&Y0



:3GPQ1

6[612P0H%NN4.)T!


MD.MQX)P
Z*D
!)K$PB:OJ) EUAB)-






M9K\& OM*_,[XD?!&L!LN ;*@Z1T)
TP6HK-'8KHGN?[(J[?UKAX]ETU3

M2P

JLR;21U79
JJK)=174:C</'_'#
M&K
VH$/\RM6E&7T'K947K5_;QM?M/$2M(E6HC6DI
OLZJY4JBI;)ZO@SD(;7






MOV?U/J^:X$4;6W1UI=%.:Z.L2A39D^M@R^MKHU [TWX*^UWW-6;?
/HXU
_Q
MM8A?_ -02P

MJ$G


C-
M@554WO$CJ_4W.RXJJO12[ -Y%(QN&Z.J#' 8)D%%B]I?S)J]1[&8\9
JBYH]


M0*.&(.H'BB*8( 8)XH8@OLK4P
MEBTD:3-V&2L)P$*T+(K@'NG*%@*X0P)4$
M)DA @F1Z
E*0()V0C-2)


M($$^/6

_J\*9^#%E;2-]AG&8C


MH7P %

0(4+&KH
Q54(3PV(V$




M0JE64G'\L:+^Z*F)M_TW]
'@NR8?1W?935VL]\[TA.^$+E
^N_$)L0






M-RYX;6QUE-N.FS 0AE\%\0 8S#DB2
U652NU4K15M]=.& ):@ZGMA.W;US8$



M]JX'WZJ]Z^N$@

[:J6$Q'PPNCO

H%
T'HK<XV&&U-F<]:9;
M?%/)S5[*^

DT6#E/\P58(-@;AR@#CV&X06@U8Q#]





MLX 1(H


MR7ZDJWH[\2/?6^EULL_J%W.XU_UX0M_K!_^DWW1F\282ZV-ILJK]]9;[JC9Y






2;QBH=XQ4.GXM85

MPZT7P02G

ME?C'9JKP.BMW


M7UB7(B-88#0HN*BPX3%X?+DD!X\8I$!MD9#8B(/*!B?'LUR7F_8B4GE+LR_J


MF%K;V&U^?6]K[W)#(]/KNGE5]KWL;C1=HS:[_K(6##?&Z5]02P
$%     @



_5![Q'.^EMI$JAZO?
'S7%M2?ORQ1OWVFUK8?7^S


M5 6M]:0I&/.;2G&M9E]G+

MR%ET_H6%B]DY\428GIV[B&]:)QF=Z:/'SL\
I%$
+PHA P-\08(%T#HP@V








G6D[PT035U/
!B+P:5XV;9V9OS_.
722M&K+GCKC4

ZD\?@^D[JBI


'^$. /P; Z)\!: A [P&!
=]G


M.(\Q3Y*^#:)K;\(]S\*[):(*+0K(*L)9.+1!Q.1G2P$@2&()@Z#-)9%7I

A#8+Q.P


2:*R!$_JV$KU
MBHT+2DY23V

SY8UO9?X74$L#!!0    ( $$\DT]6HG;Q0P(
M 


MK&TPY*U$U4M5(K15MU^^PD3D!K



7X366._^T4S:

M'O(1] O$7H'8NAP-A%!TDMI+80C!

M





BYX;6R-55V/FS 0
M_N(]Y[!?%TC@G0DJEJIE4Y7M7UVR:@




MSP


J(&U@20XR9)D2P0;)*Z*





7FC$/
M$9.M
-F_B/I_Q#9?(
096%QD5UUD@4]7_/3N]KH O2I @\#-2H#FEVU$S%W

!

&^S:I5LH[^F21F]A7^LFD\^

M7_AKVMI578C
YH=T7Y0U;6J=U.U#D
?_7&SA B?E TQ_FY:MQSX41UZDQZ
K

M3_+6]^29-[NTO
$U_Z$L[NO;1YZ&7W? 3:[K8O4EAO&3


[AV%=+JD;UXE]=PY59U=I<BTJ4
M(QQY_'/R-7JWAM^S3;9B\7IL11?]Z6 R;V^@^_J*(%@:1!SFJ0BE ^=NZOK
MC]Y\7=TF.?

M
![K-$4;%)81_:5/4)^6215W@J
M]6UJ9
J__

I6_9GFT
M*O(\7=%^WF? BC*8TK _[MG^!Z4'^14\%$ZY=MBNP;^&\'!PNOAU$N=.OP
:L4'EINTSC:(D

MMBBN6N-]GZQN@;7#U0M&:M^C'

6[7?@B ^[


M_QYUW OY
'&YUEY?IWCIHLOH3V!/HN@'WI:MLGUS+'Q-DK?M_+PN^BY%#?
MPK7]&9X@F5A=3/K]&%3UEU&.PCE#[7D-?.^3DY_

X-%MO^J2
HU
M
IS7&= I


M(RL+2.KZ

M5_7_T]*7TSJJ0.GJH-9*A*N(KK;VAD\ $^Q\_3TJP)GH2J!5K'\Z5'672G$-







4:D


SOT\


5VW!$[7.Q;2\MKOW%&-

NK=)];92;



^R-!_C/

?YI
HS'(_S3;#&/!_!KL%O313P?
MSZ+!H!_WI^-HUH_GTVDTAPUL[]1D$ _[TVC
'QD

MA74_X2O H8@!P0&BQ


'T.']K#_4E G]+?!RW/BJAC^O0?;8OMP4=RC+5H=EE6VSA+4-GO1
M)1CEE5E-ACR/PY4/@=W





MT&V+TB[JIDQ R^Y%/X1D1\0-[ J;O+,TYAN=)5NMV)TU0FAK&*_B459J=@]
MD 1E(4W*+?X&$X)U9;!4.:2J.,!_D@H(!(Z)_G:?RM]RL*KT-QI5?HE^S)'Y
ML/,8IOQ]DL.YD]W$EA):RO )^ N*I$HTPA%)WVXARM0TH'%^.B-OSS('3-G


=\:-_?&(ZJ(PF[NP8(%VHK^!JI@S5$K





M[

%B-AI?Y#(
M]BKUP!Y;;T/+ F<E-R<@Q;!!03!'


'&)VLD+A+UI!4HH4Y


\D


MU/
8H2X+U+_




E

8].;?TK[  N??-OF
#]*-D;#

_
MB0Q#[-

C;2:M5U*




=




MR+6/.J2'*7+

);A[-VK@GN/A<I %+MG/1%.47]6+#&[AR62Y _G!**7PM&/?N[(Z*R'


LR9QR(07@C!2
M$=0\V#VHE'AK^/A$24AN;LKT)JG%/*-_RB5[SYEFF\-A0L=,\=1A%A&LHI
MS.1.7I0-V?W*'3

D)\Z#1D9)

B^_Q #ECQ72FP KDFNJUNT[4W:)7E*SMOA!&]

)KC(T4+L;I3GKL %?76$OP^&YO==
M=YT+X!-PR%FIJBE56T!QN(XNN71)TX !6CR0&@\RAY%/POM625F2\120-F6;
ZJYO[9('<0!XI0F#I)?HYB\E




[?M=\?N
M&0FC3LG?$O

OFM
6\YU5I)
M
1S4@R)L9LNS(K]!
&.P\%%'#&;


MDL!#[D

M+'K





B
MZS[B!'?_
9D1FX69E(1E


M8O28




M+%4S@JU=U6%X[WC6PZ?/.A;^0$I?.&7+XV0W.!+21/\0/-O_;8GF$#N[C\S3



M$6-+-];2


M1BO
!;$)8S27!(5%\#,6QZ7EK?%* 97.AG^Z_%?N,+0:]Q-K,TE;HH*T!

M\((L\$/$0K7)CC1$YO+$O-AJ



0)K'L
V)
6J!L9P9+

2F<3EF
M:%@93*,ACV+[Z$V&4ZJ2)JDL7$BUELB7#LBG&:/B3W EB0US)K8HXYQV6;5O
M-E=U?)?C)<SQ3ACSY#[6

M.LL0^6ER

AHNN2

V/#OL-E@!B1 

MR9
4&9%%C7#E*%D6=TRY&H?[!@N01^_BZ!WL
9H['XJ:!16PEC6Z!=$S:L[%

;G[1!S(&;:'$!#GU
MK&)E

'%FR_8?8TY19I#-






3)
&HMU![6@N%T;?'&

/D\'#CI\'U7BA+!
BCD!Y7F(^PN?!GZY
MKJ@(1



M/


M*(#BX7SF/NNQQ?-X/EG _PY!P'VL705M.[7!.!Y/)B#=9B C6;JUGGD13:;Q

?FUU@HM8__.I]_

M?$;_I3[;
S;![T]2,8^/&85=
MC(.??O6Y_W <.4 )XTG^!?31%@J6( _PR1'5OFHS.0K\3[#AKHGTO^_NODP\
M+5RBOJ'_[6H^V_6%AB\GD?P?DL+',1)LBWZ/T#JP.]2U**70=\G7;'?8&;:
M0V!@IU\8@]70%UC*;
ISU]2C5G

%?0RJ0;

_NJ@@1OC_!4G



M'&C'&*#RKQ]K4A9F[GXJ


^8\I45/DVYQA1*BIN5=YF6RSW!BVW6'?V=;LAH@A4XX88 ;^Q_

MF8FO8;)@9Z^LL\PT05B[A7IIG.5-!!*/[@M+25JEODJI@%Q7\0)X%*5Y8(8W

IL
&AD:^Z2MEH396591N
MH\@2D+N'7+ 6#-R48)?)[%

I8;W3=(E8A9X<3O\9


MTC_.Z!^'\W@*BITKZW#B:X-1O)A.HS-X93Z&KPXF\7@RE$\-X]ED!/\[&$^C






@6W;4#N(A?'HZ&7?5ZD!*
MFXYF2&%P 08S;O':T*DFXW@\'438_K9SUV1O9U.8VS@:SN)1?T'C'-U;[+4;

M%X

?<(31L=26'!I4J*#46V67M7:B?3$Q_N2NR^&ZP?I+U.G9[B0IG=0RO4FD
M#!'YR]L6;&RP!5BXR#LC*WU)*T


M7&'.+IHBF!ZKM.DZ9*2FAR(3@TM


M:O]KM5G54/6U$^D82#/0T._9:(;J];G[AZ;ZB=IR/)@O$
8*B[!.;'=50P
M:@8CL*[.P XZ1]L



E).=8X376D1U\;1MCL_T9&K\P:JW/ W1VCB3N(
MQP1D&\X6\6Q,W%
ML)_3([N-8-AEZVB5\W$1O\DPG@RFT939QW VB8&91G]IXI4ZBO2%XPR![0T7



Y+SJC_<Y'.IMMJ<7HC-<

/L*.L *Z
M&3B$S?V=].5R+5C$!YV5T%L0_&/QW]&EW_%R.+$ $3M8$7P=K%OO-G5VM

LO^5#.])[+5XOKM
M

M=/+HH-UM !^=LR\JW6AE:ZCL)?TZZ/YU_I*IU#11#!^8M3#C[3()W6S%ED)U

M';;'0.[-!FX
:2==57NB
WQ=6!G^@[(R/D]ZA

XPB61(&O@2M4_2QR4'*]\5X;Q



'6
ML
(V/;4U9
$YA5@:/G@SLLIP%_-IO.T8TC8:+43P?
M4

M




M


2&@?@)6!B6T*^!/_6K31L)L7+*4N.2'M3(0
M
MK



J;5$/IH(_6S1&:D*P#ADV$4PUVA'%!

M'
3*3CA!GA$E:UN!UM=&PTI*J]L+D




8
QP.0JB\A@*.#-1A4@\
\CS\8LS4^);%:S./%I#?T^18M1M&+7@FG



9W

%Z'HV;&.$&(C7.DG
GW<(UZ+K?O)3(:]
M+I<N?R7@? QA'@_XP'BQ&-+.N]B8O
*]FWGH1*^5
X




M

L

;[FIJ )ELWBG1F


M8W



MOJ442V]?8)8^U^SK6+I_N6O]FS(YK _;E-JPP6:LN)8T20)Z:\V51E'T8Y&1


M9[=$3:JU2Q'U'
VJRKM%.TB]]1+ZN/$EF#2^3S53;I/MAKS]H+9@T3#7VAY8









)N
\[+
M?T'G<V,.E^47&4;I_-GS^'0 BZ(?@ -79/W9*-9YP^S-A3C+06^A83:.BO9

MW06G@;K1U(H245UH_[$YE';01;4G7$&;Y%QQC]-$S02%B'7^% =?.-A7Y.VK


M:2UBV(4]VG$6@%=Y$1.#IILT@&AR:J-B:\%0\B
\ZXHYKIV)O#(+87?)L@1K

E)

%3%I!47]+U

6IN%$#5F[D3$2$34'4U
M8SON
W4LC1#*VK!;JS=HNVCW62VSSQH%?HQ/QY!8$W?D+HFE2T_M1UHI/.5T
'&6GUWV+3WD]


MFZW


%B




$PS%


%YD5?4??2AD#5


&DV]4*DZ=/L/.\0G9_$NB4==AT)Z#;$QGJS1B=)
ME&\HMVE2H&F B!L^

DXQTR^CRS[U-IC+QAMP7M-Z\;/*%\[]=R
MO&8[!#'ZFOO?*0J(9/-N-B^!1@


M[*PA^0!@SK=C)B-+9BB$Z 77C@?O7^ZHTBB?%[Y?_IW#4!CE)L#]8_^O0#

N_[JL(ZCV/]B09T.#G14#?1N

C:.H

M;W[%7_D&(40
*A';%.G[G'

30V5+

M3RM



18G&E-/\IT)*'=EX#_5[9BP-


GNZ.=38R3-.F@=%[BH6
MW
!-SM=5
-YIP[T+).*:6BMO[+8O:2NT* -/43@399+8Y&GHXC@.=Y(3I1

SFL%& EFWC)YRU



!WGMHPG.%GK1/



C



BXPVXN
M0+91\6




MM):/S

M\(X
3[YTW4C7
)WQZF9E*'90
#U@(R;&;QPMT'0
0T#% F7)FXS]Z.N4(?BJ

=_$LO #]A2LZS;O=BCJ2#LY+

M1VOS$)*9KZGM;JRN959??2]84V6 T52-VWHH[]('C7F1W\8&(^!&B7(*2BW#

)4BCE!H+U-@3!^HL#*\053_
MO R\1^(HF-'-*-=[D/XA&SDC1%=)A#2+:T%_VUKD^!9TVQ2#K(2E^(%DVY

M/]A@IM1KJ6V ^7*[;I/ET#GJ!^FVU2RE7T9*&QFHLJW




M*5^;][(Y/_G0N7^/0@M5N/X?BR[\;&:2X6T%1GW'8D2#V4ZER 1=[#$VZ!H@


M-

*U8(3XW%&/2RMS)%A-I4YO*$?**4\8]^3LV8?B

MAPFRG5+J@[ZZG5U5D'D#5T_2%54Z35Q.4-=_LZW:*E:Z!6&\9&S-4;/_/A

#;G A%30(9VB21]$#HAVAM;C&BT%_@&VS]PC(P)$Y
MF9K:BY%OEZLB7U]%D_[D J

-
/:#@YL+

MFP4ZK701C++HF$ZS#<O(-%EI#= Q=\L+*6^?.S+Z(_2SK#J[MN!B]NIE*HI
MP-+L




VSN&/\*^@\.
'W_#]+B:HX FW8I;;XED:@

#Q9I;CL)!E\*@4#ESTP
M^LD]!?IH.Y [W'#ZAE&D0;O/647I
2FZ0
WG/3C?K]OET7?+%:L**W2!N
(

5DPL^N3IH




SJT$/1VA;Q 1W[]^^:;B=3



:F

MW7JDW1@13$N[*.Z@B+*;Q?0/+



MZ#E!3.



D



MS0KP0BW([4)F'+(UBDM2:(Z-VDXB^PL%CQ^=




YAORTG(Y4'5/4FLOK'ZF1/)E6*N.)N5R%[/=*V6^K



-N5HAC6%.

M3#\\*@:MD+$KE06;@_5-%(J$]&#4FW4+Z=C.[Y$EM@-0K%SXO\]P%]P])#@6

MZ8L=]T:RV'YO\JL62^42K2']=UC8+%@8ZGS=7X

MV\&3$F95(!


IPY


=&M*KV9^LY0B)-)!R_:'0_2G)

M_J@S5ZE11
E]DL(IN9LZ._-IA46^9'1\6_$&]8*CS1_9^\]QRRWE1/B2T1


F$J%#N!F21.E2Z





M_MP@ZW23

V.XF'MW7G6WARJ\Y@HVG-5A_HE+):.

^[BC3L



)PN3GO?LYU9\I







['A/VJ9H1:WPT5B!
QYA9K-
Q\/Y9#?6%MJ7!0F








6 ;R1A.+H$P@Y



JQ+.NM8@-=E!5AZ1EUN
M

^7_O0[3^+6YZZ'



I8=








MB#^R^67P]@8]M#&1&U0

G=*D/S


MH(WW@GH.;




5N$^]#QN#E32/PH[OF-30=UD


WU C*[1$.$VZ$B\-

DG88JD&;




M0O/M147DVBH\JPSN\79;L.QF%J.7A#O$*JKLPW[LC];4H;D0@MIU^S2HLW
MK
):B81ZH*=BA3Z*;L;]UZ6P*(_#6!D:C3
@!(I!1I^G TUC3^^Y^RW
TS(I

&3NZ,TO)<*5J;E'+ALE#.I)R.?/,\SZ!HYLMXOD



MX27-?0(RGD]QK

MI I
J-B_E_WO

O8V7**^H?_E@VL\U/&%UKFE

M\7S\^_L

R=!ZY8TBOW/BHKETQ?8PIOS:A;N;
MDT)%I&I



LO*;
M)27,J)??PB1$Z3E.H[?%5JF%/#
HEL^]PVS-V&!?R3+A/5

=?A6VHOM.=

\I&*B!&?+]SO+SI7Z3:.$:4RA(-G=K#:&6MAB']G,8T:68MZJ

1J:0%2.DA*E01/G96J5A4XMTY

MLO[5PN:.0TUKD




MT]S 

MJH8-D6;N-KQ* L]453\4+LOT99?@(':(%5P'Q0PHS(@IW!)L*M)_'6*3I8
ML!/+*S;

M6.^@'X;:C?6#W6= \#HOD=JPQZEJ#6Q;
(!3S1J+

M/ZIN^Y$1V


C

M_C*T7






]EH\WNF4$GN3_/Y3.IH6KLOOE1$:
M=+%&O#^9NY7P.2(YNV;#;:\=J=_8M0:S/Y=]R9OG7O8NL:[&C @TZOY52+
MC%BB

M-WF^%Q4)V!H5*JMYE8&(RD0IGL\VEH_U[TZ/4)R#H2%
LF[Q2D!1ATH(H*
ME^Y?2:U'#[7J-&X+HA8Z/A1G@_):D#RLVP;LGZ9/+5 JF@+.'C!1DJJ(:K!/

(6*N@1]&XZMMIE&IVQ)SF*@$OXB#SM1J04JS47$

M

I#V8*W/82ZL!
MF
S*GD5(9&OSR+VEPDW3:3&]

AD^QQ*0^WOXV9M^W*80P&Q^@W3B6$:7NG-N#QE'))20






-YO3#?/EQX$)A
M=X*SSIV




T$W:+9+L-
B];R5:

MW7!SN@W;;A(HEKU7+JT 8@T/


^EIJBAG7@N:!3



'\GO-:
M] 2^7&_N?[\1IM#;RAR0.G\;^[&:GGW







/^D^\^1K^ M4MW]';N%^+[
M[D;3T-5






-;HN:/.RXNJKBUA92_$1H.@UYA
M




M\K?@-S
.7IE-06

 W['G3]S<<_N!AU.CJY



M8!N%YF%O1;&/;8$NGBQG3G_])
+,F_C^W..$AR'

__IXG87/V\#%Q@Y

M)C
\)K2#*;*4*@4UE EP#\4A@\S*430O[*AEZ=F@UI(;(Z4DEX*T&OJ
SCT
M3#V:+^&+]D6=Y
9'/<F[2'\:*2KJ1^7YOE




Q

7!N



 

T594=

MYMTV@\0R0C;+2K


MDI C1LB2F!=[H=X8(]=



MY!(@R\6-MOK:
(#
$B;Y3CLZD6$!!,@^94A/
.ZF*Z2WL_!84Z) +%Q,2
M3( L&#;T/%@  DF0!8
[
'0Q80$$R +!L:
7$S(-0&R:T!==Q\Z9)P V3@=




O[IHD9)X(V3Q]

2$#1=@9M=.8#ZR3 XH@ T78&;73F(FM


7JB[7B5I
]!

M?
-Q:




[_;+OAG
]3E^'0^CK[6M]R$'6ZQ2&








\JV-T%XR%LJ;.A-PZZE-E:7UG8CKU*^9
N38K8F(V*UAI
M^TA]G







_&?UTMW@!02P$% ,4
M     !!/)-/'R// \     3 @  P              @ $     7W)E;',O
M+G)E;'-02P$% 
4     !!/)-/)^B'#H(   Q    $

O87!P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $$\DT^O& 1H[@




M Q0    ( $$\DT]OBEKEM $  
T#   8                :,,  !X;]W






M:&5E=#$T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $$\DT^]KB0.M $  -(#   9


M  @ 03R33V^I70&T 0  T@
  !D              ( !T3

M:&5E='




M 0  T@



4



M Q0    ( $$\DT\.C&G6SP$  )P$   9                8)/  !X;]W




U+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( $$\DT\TPW?B



M A0#%     @ 03R33\_+D)_( 0  500  !D              ( !NF   'AL



X



O

YX;6Q02P$% 
4     !!/)-/RVTB-0$  !X!0  &0





RYX;6Q0




00  !D



PH  !D              ( !T'\  'AL+W=O


4     !!/)-/) (0QF\&  N)@  &0

M $$\DT]:;DO%)@





M 






M:&5E='



MA   O_


M4$L! A0#%     @ 03R33Q?L-;I) @  6@L   T              ( !B3
!

Q


 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock'
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255

255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_FreshVacuumSealedChickenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_ChillPackChickenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_FreshIcePackedChickenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_MinimallypreparedchickenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_FrozenchickenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=us-gaap_ProductAndServiceOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis=us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_srt_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_LineItemFreightRevenueMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedandUndistributedEarningsLossBasicandDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=safm_A2014PerformanceShareAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=safm_PerformanceSharePlan2016Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=safm_PerformanceSharePlan2017Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=safm_PerformanceSharePlan2018Member'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapital1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapitalMaximumIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinimumNetWorthRequiredForCompliance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_RevenueNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CoverAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntitySmallBusiness'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityShellCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentAnnualReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentTransitionReport'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFileNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CityAreaCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LocalPhoneNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_Security12bTitle'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_SecurityExchangeName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_InventoryAxis=safm_InventoryLivePoultryBroilersAndBreedersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_InventoryAxis=safm_MinimallypreparedchickenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_InventoryChicken'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_IncreaseDecreaseInChickenInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_IncreaseDecreaseInChickenInventoriesPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeinDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceIncludingChangeInTaxLegislationAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFairValue'

255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Basis of Presentation:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Sanderson Farms, Inc. (the &#x201c;Company&#x201d;) and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Business:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; The Company is engaged in the production, processing, marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and other prepared chicken items. The Company&#x2019;s net sales and cost of sales are significantly affected by market price fluctuations of its principal products sold and of its principal feed ingredients, corn and other grains.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Revenue Recognition: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company sells to retailers, distributors and casual dining operators primarily in the southeastern, southwestern, northeastern and western United States. Management periodically performs credit evaluations of its customers&#x2019; financial condition and generally does not require collateral. The Company recognizes revenue in connection with a contract in which the Company has agreed to sell, and a customer has agreed to purchase, specific quantities of product at agreed-upon prices and when the Company's performance obligation related to that contract has been satisfied. In the majority of its contracts with customers, the Company's performance obligation is satisfied when delivery of the product has occurred, either at the customer's facility or the Company's facility, depending on the terms of each contract. In a small number of contracts, ownership of the product passes from the Company to the customer at some point during transit, at which time the performance obligation is satisfied and revenue is recognized. Gross revenue and related receivables are recognized based on the transaction price within the contract and are reduced by estimated or known amounts for items such as rebates, discounts, cooperative advertising allowances and other various items to arrive at net revenue. During fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, these reductions to revenue totaled approximately $66.5&#160;million, $79.2&#160;million and $77.2&#160;million, respectively. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The cost incurred for shipping and handling activities to deliver the product to the customer is recognized in cost of sales during the period in which the corresponding revenue is recognized. Where shipping and handling activities occur after the customer has obtained control of the product, the Company has elected to account for those expenses as fulfillment costs in cost of sales, rather than an additional promised service. This accounting treatment is the same as the accounting treatment prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company has, prior to the adoption of ASU 2014-09, accounted for freight one of two ways. First, when the Company's agreement with its customer did not authorize the Company to invoice the customer separately for freight, the Company attempted to negotiate a higher price, and paid freight costs associated with the sale. In these instances, that cost was booked as an expense in cost of sales. In some instances, the Company's agreements with its customers authorize the Company to invoice the customer for freight costs separately on its invoice to the customer. Under these arrangements, the Company has previously accounted for freight by recognizing revenue net of the freight costs. Subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2014-09, both arrangements are accounted for in the same manner. That is, in both instances, revenue is reported gross of any freight charge, and all freight costs are accounted for as cost of sales. Because we adopted ASU 2014-09 using the modified-retrospective transition method, we did not restate prior-period financial statements, and the separately-invoiced freight costs from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to cost of sales. During fiscal 2019, we recognized revenue of approximately $24.9&#160;million related to those freight charges, as compared to approximately $20.0&#160;million and $13.7&#160;million, respectively, recognized as a reduction to cost of sales during fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Due to the nature of our contracts, commissions associated with such contracts provide only a short-term benefit (i.e. less than one year); therefore, with our adoption of ASU 2014-09, we recognize costs of commissions paid to third-party brokers as selling, general and administrative expenses effective as of November 1, 2018. Prior to our adoption of ASU 2014-09, those commissions were recognized as a reduction of revenue. Because we transitioned using the modified-retrospective method, we did not restate prior-period financial statements, and those commissions from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to revenue. During fiscal 2019, we recognized approximately $10.9&#160;million in commissions as selling, general and administrative expenses, as compared to approximately $11.0&#160;million recognized as a reduction to revenue during fiscal 2018. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Two customers each accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31, 2019. Sales to those customers accounted for 15.8% and 11.8%, respectively, of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2019. The same two customers each also accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31, 2018. Sales to those customers accounted for 14.3% and 10.5%, respectively, of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2018. One customer &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31, 2017. Sales to that customer accounted for 17.0% of the Company&#x2019;s net sales during fiscal 2017.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Sales of offal are considered by-products; accordingly, these amounts reduce cost of sales and totaled $31.1 million, $34.4 million and $32.6 million in fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company sells certain of its products either directly to foreign markets or to U.S. based customers who resell the product in foreign markets. These foreign markets for fiscal 2019 and 2018 were primarily Mexico, Cuba, Central Asia and the Middle East, and for fiscal 2017 were primarily Mexico, Central Asia and the Middle East. These export sales for fiscal years 2019, 2018 and 2017 totaled approximately $284.5 million, $215.8 million and $268.5 million, respectively. The Company does not believe that the amount of sales attributable to any single foreign country is material to its total sales during any of the periods presented. The Company&#x2019;s export sales are facilitated through independent food brokers located in the United States and the Company&#x2019;s internal sales staff.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Use of Estimates:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Cash Equivalents:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of ninety days or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Allowance for Doubtful Accounts:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; In the normal course of business, the Company extends credit to its customers on a short-term basis, generally less than twenty-one days. Although credit risks associated with our customers are considered minimal, the Company routinely reviews its accounts receivable balances and records provisions for probable doubtful accounts based on an individual assessment of a customer&#x2019;s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends, including the aging of receivable balances. In circumstances where management is aware of a specific customer&#x2019;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company, a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. If circumstances change (i.e., higher than expected defaults or an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer&#x2019;s ability to meet its financial obligations to us), our estimates of the recoverability of amounts due us could be reduced by a material amount and the allowance for doubtful accounts and related bad debt expense would increase by the same amount.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Inventories:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; Processed and prepared inventories and inventories of feed, eggs, medication and packaging supplies are stated at the lower of cost (average method) or net realizable value.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Live poultry inventories of broilers are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, and breeders at cost less accumulated amortization. The costs associated with breeders, including breeder chicks, feed, medicine and grower pay, are accumulated up to the production stage and amortized over nine months using the straight-line method.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be lower in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds, the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be higher in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds, the Company will make an adjustment to lower the value of live birds in inventory to the net realizable value. The significant judgments that management makes in order to assess the net realizable value of its broiler inventory include estimating future selling prices of finished products and the related cost of sales, primarily feed costs, to complete. The Company recorded a charge of $2.8&#160;million at October 31, 2019 and of $9.6&#160;million at October 31, 2018 to reduce the values of live broiler inventories on hand at those dates from cost to net realizable value. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Property, Plant and Equipment:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is provided by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of 15 to 39 years for buildings and 3 to 12 years for machinery and equipment. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; The Company continually reevaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets based on events or changes in circumstances which indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. As part of this reevaluation and when indicators are present, the Company estimates the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposal. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss, based on the fair value of the assets, is recognized through a charge to operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Self-Insurance Programs:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; Insurance expense for workers&#x2019; compensation benefits and employee-related health care benefits are estimated using historical experience and actuarial estimates. The Company utilizes an outside third party specialist to assist management in estimating the reserve ultimately recorded in the financial statements. The Company accrues expenses in its workers&#x2019; compensation and employee benefit plans for both known claims as well as claims incurred but not reported. Stop-loss coverage is maintained with third party insurers to limit the Company&#x2019;s total exposure. Management regularly reviews the assumptions used to recognize periodic expenses. Any resulting adjustments to accrued claims are reflected in current operating results. There are no material adjustments to expenses accrued in prior periods in current expenses. The total amounts recorded for the Company's reserve for workers' compensation benefits as of October 31, 2019 and October 31, 2018 are $20.5&#160;million and $18.4&#160;million, respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Advertising and Marketing Costs:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs are included in selling, general and administrative expenses and totaled $19.9 million, $38.9 million and $40.7 million for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Income Taxes:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; Deferred income taxes are accounted for using the liability method and relate principally to depreciation expense, stock based compensation programs and self-insurance programs accounted for differently for financial and income tax purposes. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Valuation allowances are recorded when it is more likely than not some or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company is periodically audited by taxing authorities and considers any adjustments, interest, and penalties incurred as a result of the audits in computing and reporting income tax expense. Any audit adjustments could have a material impact on the Company&#x2019;s effective tax rate. Tax periods for fiscal years 2016 through 2019 remain open to examination by federal and state taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Share-Based Compensation:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; The Company accounts for all share-based payments to employees, including grants of restricted stock and performance-based shares, in the income statement based on their fair values. For performance-based shares, the Company recognizes expense when management determines the performance criteria are probable of being met. The Company recognizes forfeitures of share-based payments during the period in which the forfeitures occur. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Earnings Per Share:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; Basic earnings per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Share-based payment awards entitling holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities and thus included in the calculation of basic earnings per share. These awards are included in the calculation of basic earnings per share under the two-class method. The two-class method allocates earnings for the period between common shareholders and other security holders. The participating awards receiving dividends are allocated the same amount of income as if they were outstanding shares. Diluted earnings per share includes any dilutive effects of options, warrants, restricted stock and convertible securities.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; The Company  holds certain items that are required to be disclosed at fair value, primarily debt instruments. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. A three-level hierarchy is followed for disclosure to show the extent and level of judgment used to estimate fair value measurements:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Level 1 &#x2013; Inputs used to measure fair value are unadjusted quoted prices that are available in active markets for the identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Level 2 &#x2013; Inputs used to measure fair value, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date through correlation with market data, including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and quoted prices in markets that are not active. Level 2 also includes assets and liabilities that are valued using models or other pricing methodologies that do not require significant judgment since the input assumptions used in the models, such as interest rates and volatility factors, are corroborated by readily observable data from actively quoted markets for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Level 3 &#x2013; Inputs used to measure fair value are unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and reflect the use of significant management judgment. These values are generally determined using pricing models for which the assumptions utilize management&#x2019;s estimates of market participant assumptions.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Fair values for debt are based on quoted market prices or published forward interest rate curves and were categorized as Level 2 measurements. The fair value and carrying value of the Company's borrowings under its revolving credit facility were as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:9pt;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:96.577381%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:36.058552%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.175655%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.494915%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.329738%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.803082%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.329738%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.878582%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.329738%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fair Value&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fair Value&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total Debt (in millions)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;53.3&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;55.0&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; In May 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2017-09, Scope of Modification Accounting, which amends the requirements related to accounting for changes to stock compensation awards. The guidance is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017, our fiscal 2019. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2019, and it did not have an impact on our consolidated financial statements. The impact this guidance will have on our future consolidated financial statements will depend on the nature and extent of future changes, if any, to the terms and conditions of the Company's Stock Incentive Plan.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which changes the criteria for recognizing revenue. ASU 2014-09 was amended by ASU 2015-14 to defer the effective date by one year. The guidance also modifies the related disclosure requirements, clarifies guidance for multiple-element arrangements and provides guidance for transactions that were not addressed fully in previous guidance. The guidance, as amended, is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those annual reporting periods, beginning after December 15, 2017, our fiscal 2019. The Company adopted this guidance using the modified retrospective transition method during the first quarter of fiscal 2019, and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Under the modified retrospective method, prior periods were not adjusted. Additionally, based on our contract assessments, no cumulative-effect adjustment was made to the opening balance of retained earnings. For further information regarding the Company's revenue, refer to the revenue discussion within this footnote above, as well as Part I
 Item 1
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

255
255
 0.0);color:#252525;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases. The guidance is intended to increase transparency and comparability among companies by requiring an entity that is a lessee to recognize on the balance sheet the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities arising from all leases with terms, as defined by the guidance, of greater than twelve months. The guidance also requires disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. The Company is required to adopt this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2020, and we used the transition method that requires a cumulative-effect adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings during the period of adoption, rather than restating prior-period financial statements. This guidance also provides certain practical expedients, including a practical expedient package during transition. We utilized this package, which allowed the Company to carry forward its determination of whether a lease exists, the classification of a lease, and whether initial direct lease costs exist for purposes of transition to the new standard. We do not intend to utilize the hindsight practical expedient. We have implemented processes for administering the Company's leases and facilitating compliance with the new guidance. See Part I
 Item 1
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;Statements
&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Business:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; The Company is engaged in the production, processing, marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and other prepared chicken items. The Company&#x2019;s net sales and cost of sales are significantly affected by market price fluctuations of its principal products sold and of its principal feed ingredients, corn and other grains.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Revenue Recognition: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company sells to retailers, distributors and casual dining operators primarily in the southeastern, southwestern, northeastern and western United States. Management periodically performs credit evaluations of its customers&#x2019; financial condition and generally does not require collateral. The Company recognizes revenue in connection with a contract in which the Company has agreed to sell, and a customer has agreed to purchase, specific quantities of product at agreed-upon prices and when the Company's performance obligation related to that contract has been satisfied. In the majority of its contracts with customers, the Company's performance obligation is satisfied when delivery of the product has occurred, either at the customer's facility or the Company's facility, depending on the terms of each contract. In a small number of contracts, ownership of the product passes from the Company to the customer at some point during transit, at which time the performance obligation is satisfied and revenue is recognized. Gross revenue and related receivables are recognized based on the transaction price within the contract and are reduced by estimated or known amounts for items such as rebates, discounts, cooperative advertising allowances and other various items to arrive at net revenue. During fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, these reductions to revenue totaled approximately $66.5&#160;million, $79.2&#160;million and $77.2&#160;million, respectively. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The cost incurred for shipping and handling activities to deliver the product to the customer is recognized in cost of sales during the period in which the corresponding revenue is recognized. Where shipping and handling activities occur after the customer has obtained control of the product, the Company has elected to account for those expenses as fulfillment costs in cost of sales, rather than an additional promised service. This accounting treatment is the same as the accounting treatment prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company has, prior to the adoption of ASU 2014-09, accounted for freight one of two ways. First, when the Company's agreement with its customer did not authorize the Company to invoice the customer separately for freight, the Company attempted to negotiate a higher price, and paid freight costs associated with the sale. In these instances, that cost was booked as an expense in cost of sales. In some instances, the Company's agreements with its customers authorize the Company to invoice the customer for freight costs separately on its invoice to the customer. Under these arrangements, the Company has previously accounted for freight by recognizing revenue net of the freight costs. Subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2014-09, both arrangements are accounted for in the same manner. That is, in both instances, revenue is reported gross of any freight charge, and all freight costs are accounted for as cost of sales. Because we adopted ASU 2014-09 using the modified-retrospective transition method, we did not restate prior-period financial statements, and the separately-invoiced freight costs from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to cost of sales. During fiscal 2019, we recognized revenue of approximately $24.9&#160;million related to those freight charges, as compared to approximately $20.0&#160;million and $13.7&#160;million, respectively, recognized as a reduction to cost of sales during fiscal 2018 and fiscal 2017.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Due to the nature of our contracts, commissions associated with such contracts provide only a short-term benefit (i.e. less than one year); therefore, with our adoption of ASU 2014-09, we recognize costs of commissions paid to third-party brokers as selling, general and administrative expenses effective as of November 1, 2018. Prior to our adoption of ASU 2014-09, those commissions were recognized as a reduction of revenue. Because we transitioned using the modified-retrospective method, we did not restate prior-period financial statements, and those commissions from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to revenue. During fiscal 2019, we recognized approximately $10.9&#160;million in commissions as selling, general and administrative expenses, as compared to approximately $11.0&#160;million recognized as a reduction to revenue during fiscal 2018. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Two customers each accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31, 2019. Sales to those customers accounted for 15.8% and 11.8%, respectively, of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2019. The same two customers each also accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31, 2018. Sales to those customers accounted for 14.3% and 10.5%, respectively, of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2018. One customer &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31, 2017. Sales to that customer accounted for 17.0% of the Company&#x2019;s net sales during fiscal 2017.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Sales of offal are considered by-products; accordingly, these amounts reduce cost of sales and totaled $31.1 million, $34.4 million and $32.6 million in fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Use of Estimates:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Cash Equivalents:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Allowance for Doubtful Accounts:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Inventories:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; Processed and prepared inventories and inventories of feed, eggs, medication and packaging supplies are stated at the lower of cost (average method) or net realizable value.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Self-Insurance Programs:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Advertising and Marketing Costs:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Income Taxes:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; Deferred income taxes are accounted for using the liability method and relate principally to depreciation expense, stock based compensation programs and self-insurance programs accounted for differently for financial and income tax purposes. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Valuation allowances are recorded when it is more likely than not some or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify;margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Earnings Per Share:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; The Company  holds certain items that are required to be disclosed at fair value, primarily debt instruments. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. A three-level hierarchy is followed for disclosure to show the extent and level of judgment used to estimate fair value measurements:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Level 1 &#x2013; Inputs used to measure fair value are unadjusted quoted prices that are available in active markets for the identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Level 2 &#x2013; Inputs used to measure fair value, other than quoted prices included in Level 1, are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date through correlation with market data, including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and quoted prices in markets that are not active. Level 2 also includes assets and liabilities that are valued using models or other pricing methodologies that do not require significant judgment since the input assumptions used in the models, such as interest rates and volatility factors, are corroborated by readily observable data from actively quoted markets for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Level 3 &#x2013; Inputs used to measure fair value are unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and reflect the use of significant management judgment. These values are generally determined using pricing models for which the assumptions utilize management&#x2019;s estimates of market participant assumptions.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Fair values for debt are based on quoted market prices or published forward interest rate curves and were categorized as Level 2 measurements. The fair value and carrying value of the Company's borrowings under its revolving credit facility were as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:9pt;margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:96.577381%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:36.058552%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.175655%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.494915%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.329738%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.803082%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.329738%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.878582%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.329738%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fair Value&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fair Value&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total Debt (in millions)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;53.3&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;55.0&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
The fair value and carrying value of the Company's borrowings under its revolving credit facility were as follows:&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:96.577381%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:36.058552%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.175655%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.494915%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.329738%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.803082%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.329738%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.878582%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.329738%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fair Value&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fair Value&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Carrying Value&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total Debt (in millions)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;53.3&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;55.0&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt; In May 2017, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2017-09, Scope of Modification Accounting, which amends the requirements related to accounting for changes to stock compensation awards. The guidance is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after December 15, 2017, our fiscal 2019. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2019, and it did not have an impact on our consolidated financial statements. The impact this guidance will have on our future consolidated financial statements will depend on the nature and extent of future changes, if any, to the terms and conditions of the Company's Stock Incentive Plan.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, which changes the criteria for recognizing revenue. ASU 2014-09 was amended by ASU 2015-14 to defer the effective date by one year. The guidance also modifies the related disclosure requirements, clarifies guidance for multiple-element arrangements and provides guidance for transactions that were not addressed fully in previous guidance. The guidance, as amended, is effective for annual reporting periods, and interim periods within those annual reporting periods, beginning after December 15, 2017, our fiscal 2019. The Company adopted this guidance using the modified retrospective transition method during the first quarter of fiscal 2019, and it did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. Under the modified retrospective method, prior periods were not adjusted. Additionally, based on our contract assessments, no cumulative-effect adjustment was made to the opening balance of retained earnings. For further information regarding the Company's revenue, refer to the revenue discussion within this footnote above, as well as Part I
 Item 1
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

255
255
 0.0);color:#252525;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;In February 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-02, Leases. The guidance is intended to increase transparency and comparability among companies by requiring an entity that is a lessee to recognize on the balance sheet the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities arising from all leases with terms, as defined by the guidance, of greater than twelve months. The guidance also requires disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. The Company is required to adopt this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2020, and we used the transition method that requires a cumulative-effect adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings during the period of adoption, rather than restating prior-period financial statements. This guidance also provides certain practical expedients, including a practical expedient package during transition. We utilized this package, which allowed the Company to carry forward its determination of whether a lease exists, the classification of a lease, and whether initial direct lease costs exist for purposes of transition to the new standard. We do not intend to utilize the hindsight practical expedient. We have implemented processes for administering the Company's leases and facilitating compliance with the new guidance. See Part I
 Item 1
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;Statements
Disaggregation of Revenue&lt;div style=text-indent:24.75pt;margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The following table disaggregates our net sales by product category (in millions):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:57.375000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.734524%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.734524%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.648810%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-decoration: underline;&gt;Product Category&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fiscal Year 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fiscal Year 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fiscal Year 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fresh, vacuum-sealed chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,310.2&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,139.3&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,339.1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fresh, chill-packed chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,137.7&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,158.3&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,044.7&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fresh, ice-packed chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;511.5&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;503.6&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;547.1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Prepared chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;240.8&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;207.6&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;170.8&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Frozen chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;213.0&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;211.5&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;223.9&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;27.1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;15.7&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;16.6&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total net sales&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,440.3&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,236.0&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,342.2&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div style=text-indent:24.75pt;margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The following table disaggregates our net sales by product category (in millions):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:57.375000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.734524%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.734524%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.648810%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-decoration: underline;&gt;Product Category&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fiscal Year 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fiscal Year 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fiscal Year 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fresh, vacuum-sealed chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,310.2&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,139.3&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,339.1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fresh, chill-packed chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,137.7&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,158.3&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,044.7&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fresh, ice-packed chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;511.5&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;503.6&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;547.1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Prepared chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;240.8&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;207.6&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;170.8&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Frozen chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;213.0&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;211.5&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;223.9&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;27.1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;15.7&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;16.6&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total net sales&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,440.3&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,236.0&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,342.2&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
Inventories&lt;div style=text-indent:24.75pt;margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Inventories consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:73.000000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October&#160;31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Live poultry-broilers (net of reserve) and breeders&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;179,870&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;150,980&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Feed, eggs and other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;47,417&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;37,965&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Processed poultry&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;35,121&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;30,973&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Prepared chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;20,032&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;13,591&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Packaging materials&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;7,488&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;6,547&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:12pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total inventories&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;289,928&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;240,056&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div style=text-indent:24.75pt;margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Inventories consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:73.000000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October&#160;31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Live poultry-broilers (net of reserve) and breeders&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;179,870&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;150,980&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Feed, eggs and other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;47,417&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;37,965&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Processed poultry&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;35,121&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;30,973&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Prepared chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;20,032&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;13,591&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Packaging materials&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;7,488&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;6,547&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:12pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total inventories&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;289,928&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;240,056&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
Prepaid expenses&lt;div style=text-indent:24.75pt;margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Prepaid expenses consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:73.000000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October&#160;31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Parts and supplies&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;33,617&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;28,287&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Prepaid insurance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;8,859&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;8,232&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Other prepaid expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;14,455&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;6,721&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:12pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total prepaid expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;56,931&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;43,240&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div style=text-indent:24.75pt;margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Prepaid expenses consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:73.000000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October&#160;31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Parts and supplies&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;33,617&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;28,287&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Prepaid insurance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;8,859&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;8,232&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Other prepaid expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;14,455&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;6,721&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:12pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total prepaid expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;56,931&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;43,240&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
Accrued expenses&lt;div style=text-indent:24.75pt;margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Accrued expenses consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:73.000000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October&#160;31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Workers&#x2019; compensation claims&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,687&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,020&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Accrued wages&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;19,525&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;14,142&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Accrued rebates&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;13,529&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;7,828&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Accrued vacation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;10,592&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;8,554&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Accrued property taxes&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;11,331&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,453&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Accrued payroll taxes&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;8,290&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,034&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Other accrued expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,986&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;11,922&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:12pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total accrued expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;82,940&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;69,953&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div style=text-indent:24.75pt;margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Accrued expenses consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:73.000000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October&#160;31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Workers&#x2019; compensation claims&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,687&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,020&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Accrued wages&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;19,525&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;14,142&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Accrued rebates&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;13,529&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;7,828&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Accrued vacation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;10,592&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;8,554&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Accrued property taxes&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;11,331&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,453&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Accrued payroll taxes&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;8,290&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,034&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Other accrued expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,986&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;11,922&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:12pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total accrued expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;82,940&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;69,953&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
Long-Term debt obligations&lt;div style=text-indent:22.5pt;margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Long-term debt obligations consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:72.404762%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Revolving credit facility with banks (weighted average rate of 3.3% at October 31, 2019)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;55,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Less current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total long-term debt&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;55,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company is a party to a revolving credit facility dated March&#160;21, 2019, with a maximum available borrowing capacity of $1.0 billion. Under the credit facility, the Company may not exceed a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of 50%. The Company has a one-time right, at any time during the term of the agreement, to increase the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio then in effect by five percentage points in connection with the construction of a new poultry complex for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at October&#160;31, 2019, was $998.6 million. The credit is unsecured and, unless extended, will expire on &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;March&#160;21, 2024. As of October 31, 2019, the Company had borrowed $55.0 million, and had approximately $21.6 million outstanding in letters of credit, leaving $923.4 million of borrowing capacity available under the facility. As of December 18, 2019, the Company had borrowed $85.0 million, and had approximately $23.1 million outstanding in letters of credit, leaving $891.9 million of borrowing capacity available under the facility. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company has the option to borrow funds under the revolving line of credit based on the Prime interest rate or the Libor interest rate plus a spread ranging from 0.25% to 1.50%. The spread on Libor borrowings and the commitment fee for the unused balance of the revolving credit agreement are determined based upon the Company&#x2019;s leverage ratio as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.476190%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:50.232143%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.585714%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.880952%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.880952%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-style:italic;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-decoration: underline;&gt;Level&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Leverage Ratio&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Spread&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Commitment&#160;Fee&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:top;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&amp;lt; 25%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.25&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.20&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:top;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2265; 25% and &amp;lt; 35%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.50&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.25&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:top;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2265; 35% and &amp;lt; 45%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1.00&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.30&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;4&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:top;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2265; 45%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1.50&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.35&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div style=text-indent:22.5pt;margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Long-term debt obligations consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:72.404762%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Revolving credit facility with banks (weighted average rate of 3.3% at October 31, 2019)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;55,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Less current maturities of long-term debt&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);/&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:12pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total long-term debt&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;55,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
The spread on Libor borrowings and the commitment fee for the unused balance of the revolving credit agreement are determined based upon the Company&#x2019;s leverage ratio as follows:&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.476190%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:50.232143%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.585714%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.880952%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.880952%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-style:italic;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-decoration: underline;&gt;Level&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Leverage Ratio&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Spread&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Commitment&#160;Fee&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:top;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&amp;lt; 25%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.25&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.20&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:top;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2265; 25% and &amp;lt; 35%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.50&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.25&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:top;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2265; 35% and &amp;lt; 45%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1.00&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.30&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;4&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:top;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2265; 45%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1.50&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.35&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt at October 31, 2019 are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:32.672619%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.178571%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:23.892857%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:22.255952%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-decoration: underline;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-decoration: underline;&gt;Amount&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2024&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;55,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;55,000&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
Income Taxes&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;On December 22, 2017, during our fiscal 2018, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA) was enacted. Changes as a result of the TCJA that either  affected the Company during fiscal 2018 or will affect future periods include, but are not limited to, a reduction of the corporate income tax rate from 35.0% to 21.0%, bonus depreciation provisions that allow entities to fully expense qualified property during the year of purchase, the elimination of the domestic production activities deduction beginning in our fiscal 2019, the allowance of a deduction for foreign-derived intangible income, changes to Internal Revenue Code (IRC) Section 162 regarding the deductibility of excessive employee remuneration for certain employees, and the elimination of net operating loss (NOL) carryback provisions. Section 15 of the IRC stipulates that our fiscal 2018 was subject to a blended statutory tax rate of 23.3%, which was based on a calculation of the number of days during fiscal 2018 that were subject to a 35.0% statutory rate and the number of days during fiscal 2018 that were subject to a 21.0% statutory rate. Fiscal 2019 was subject to a 21.0% statutory rate for the entire year, and fiscal 2017 was subject to a 35.0% statutory rate for the entire year.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Our financial statements for fiscal 2018 were materially affected by the changes enacted by the TCJA. U.S. GAAP requires that the effects from changes in tax laws be recognized in the period in which the new law is enacted, which for the TCJA was our first quarter of fiscal 2018. Since the TCJA was enacted on December 22, 2017, which is during our first fiscal quarter, we were required to remeasure our deferred tax assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rate expected to apply when the temporary differences from which the deferred taxes arose were expected to be settled. This revaluation of our deferred taxes resulted in a $37.5 million discrete income tax benefit and a corresponding reduction to net deferred tax liabilities during the first quarter of fiscal 2018.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Our effective tax rates for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017 were 16.5%, (101.0)% and 34.1%, respectively. During the periods presented, income tax expense (benefit) consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:59.309524%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Years Ended October&#160;31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Current expense (benefit):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Federal&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(735)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(600)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;117,611&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;State&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(51)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1,169)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;11,024&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(786)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1,769)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;128,635&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Deferred expense (benefit):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Federal&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;13,966&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(28,845)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;15,452&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;State&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2,753&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2,146&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,804&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(5,380)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(2,406)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1,106)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;11,339&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(29,105)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;16,150&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;10,553&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(30,874)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;144,785&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Significant components of the Company&#x2019;s deferred tax assets and liabilities are outlined below. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:73.000000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October&#160;31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Property, plant and equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;148,505&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;88,351&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Prepaid and other assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,911&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,751&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;150,416&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;90,102&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Accrued expenses and accounts receivable&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;8,172&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;7,814&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Inventory&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,155&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2,862&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Compensation on restricted stock&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;7,528&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;8,280&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;State income tax credits&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,333&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;12,235&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,272&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;654&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(5,637)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(11,017)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;54,461&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;6,481&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;76,284&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;27,309&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;74,132&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;62,793&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The increase in the Company's deferred tax liability is primarily attributable to the Company's decision to take bonus depreciation on qualifying assets placed in service during fiscal 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Included in the deferred tax assets at October&#160;31, 2019,  is a federal NOL carryforward of $255.4 million. All of the NOL carryforward was incurred subsequent to the enactment of the TCJA and therefore has an indefinite carryforward period. The Company has significant deferred tax liabilities, primarily related to property, plant and equipment, which are expected to reverse and allow for the full utilization of the NOL carryforward. As such, the Company has not recorded a valuation allowance related to the NOL carryforward. Also included in the deferred tax assets are North Carolina Investing in Business Property Credit and North Carolina Jobs Credits totaling $4.9 million, as well as Georgia Job Tax Credits totaling $2.6 million. The North Carolina Investing in Business Property Credit provides a 7% investment tax credit for property located in a North Carolina development area, the North Carolina Creating Jobs Credit provides a tax credit for increased employment in North Carolina, and the Georgia Job Tax Credit provides a tax credit for creation and retention of qualifying jobs in Georgia. It is management&#x2019;s opinion that the majority of the North Carolina and Georgia income tax credits will not be utilized before they expire, and a $5.6 million valuation allowance has been recorded as of October&#160;31, 2019. The North Carolina credits began to expire during fiscal 2018, and the remaining credits expire between fiscal years 2020 and 2023.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;At the end of each reporting period, the Company evaluates all available information at that time to determine if it is more likely than not that some or all of these credits will be utilized. As of October 31, 2019, 2018, and 2017, the Company determined that a total of $1.8 million, $0.7 million, and $0.6 million, respectively, would be recovered. Accordingly, those amounts were released from the valuation allowance and benefited deferred tax expense in the respective periods. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The differences between the consolidated effective income tax rate and the federal statutory rate effective during the applicable year presented are as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:59.309524%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Years Ended October&#160;31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Income taxes at statutory rate&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;13,408&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;7,132&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;148,585&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Discrete benefit resulting from TCJA&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(37,505)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;State income taxes&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,189&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,014&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,038&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;State income tax credits&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(2,139)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(804)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(606)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Expiration of state income tax credits&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;4,121&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;4,117&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;642&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Federal income tax credits&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(474)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(460)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(390)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Federal manufacturers deduction&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(11,527)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Excess tax benefits&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1,388)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1,638)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(3,345)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Nondeductible expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,786&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,890&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,506&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(5,380)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(5,297)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1,106)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(570)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;677&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(12)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;10,553&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(30,874)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;144,785&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
Our effective tax rates for fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017 were 16.5%, (101.0)% and 34.1%, respectively. During the periods presented, income tax expense (benefit) consisted of the following:&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:59.309524%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Years Ended October&#160;31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Current expense (benefit):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Federal&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(735)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(600)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;117,611&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;State&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(51)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1,169)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;11,024&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(786)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1,769)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;128,635&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Deferred expense (benefit):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Federal&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;13,966&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(28,845)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;15,452&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;State&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2,753&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2,146&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,804&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(5,380)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(2,406)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1,106)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;11,339&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(29,105)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;16,150&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;10,553&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(30,874)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;144,785&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Significant components of the Company&#x2019;s deferred tax assets and liabilities are outlined below. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:73.000000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October&#160;31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Property, plant and equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;148,505&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;88,351&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Prepaid and other assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,911&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,751&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;150,416&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;90,102&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Accrued expenses and accounts receivable&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;8,172&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;7,814&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Inventory&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,155&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2,862&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Compensation on restricted stock&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;7,528&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;8,280&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;State income tax credits&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,333&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;12,235&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,272&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;654&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(5,637)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(11,017)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Net operating loss&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;54,461&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;6,481&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;76,284&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;27,309&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;74,132&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;62,793&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The differences between the consolidated effective income tax rate and the federal statutory rate effective during the applicable year presented are as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:59.309524%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Years Ended October&#160;31,&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Income taxes at statutory rate&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;13,408&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;7,132&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;148,585&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Discrete benefit resulting from TCJA&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(37,505)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;State income taxes&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,189&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,014&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,038&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;State income tax credits&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(2,139)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(804)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(606)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Expiration of state income tax credits&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;4,121&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;4,117&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;642&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Federal income tax credits&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(474)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(460)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(390)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Federal manufacturers deduction&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(11,527)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Excess tax benefits&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1,388)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1,638)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(3,345)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Nondeductible expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,786&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,890&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,506&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(5,380)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(5,297)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1,106)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(570)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;677&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(12)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Income tax expense (benefit)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;10,553&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(30,874)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;144,785&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
Earnings Per Share&lt;div style=margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Certain share-based payment awards entitling holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities and thus included in the calculation of basic earnings per share, to the extent they are dilutive. These awards are included in the calculation of basic earnings per share under the two-class method. The two-class method allocates earnings for the period between common shareholders and other security holders. The participating awards receiving dividends are allocated the same amount of income as if they were outstanding shares.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The following table presents earnings per share (in thousands).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:53.357143%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.880952%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.880952%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.880952%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;For the years ended&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Net income&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;53,294&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;61,431&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;279,745&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:-9pt;padding-left:9pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;&gt;Distributed and undistributed (earnings) to unvested restricted stock&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(778)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(878)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(4,285)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:-9pt;padding-left:9pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
 0.0);&gt;52,516&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;60,553&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;275,460&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding &#x2014; Basic&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;21,829&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;22,429&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;22,393&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding &#x2014; Diluted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;21,829&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;22,429&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;22,393&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Earnings per common share &#x2014; Basic&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2.41&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2.70&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;12.30&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Earnings per common share &#x2014; Diluted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2.41&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2.70&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;12.30&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The following table presents earnings per share (in thousands).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:53.357143%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.880952%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.880952%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.880952%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;For the years ended&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Net income&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;53,294&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;61,431&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;279,745&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:-9pt;padding-left:9pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%;&gt;Distributed and undistributed (earnings) to unvested restricted stock&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(778)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(878)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(4,285)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;div style=text-indent:-9pt;padding-left:9pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255
 0.0);&gt;52,516&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;60,553&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;275,460&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding &#x2014; Basic&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;21,829&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;22,429&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;22,393&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding &#x2014; Diluted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;21,829&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;22,429&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;22,393&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Earnings per common share &#x2014; Basic&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2.41&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2.70&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;12.30&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Earnings per common share &#x2014; Diluted&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2.41&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2.70&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;12.30&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
Stock Compensation Plans&lt;div style=margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;On February&#160;17, 2005, the shareholders of the Company approved the Sanderson Farms, Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan (the &#x201c;Plan&#x201d;). The Plan allows the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors to grant certain incentive awards including stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, and other similar awards. The Company was authorized to award up to 2,250,000 shares under the Plan. On February&#160;17, 2011, the shareholders approved changes to the plan to increase the shares that may be issued under the plan from 2,250,000 to 3,500,000 shares and to increase the number of shares that may be granted in the form of restricted stock from 562,500 to 1,562,500 shares. On February 11, 2016, the shareholders approved the authorization of an additional 700,000 shares issuable under the plan, for a total of 4,200,000 authorized shares. The shareholders also approved an increase in the number of shares issuable as restricted stock from 1,562,500 to 2,112,500 shares. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Pursuant to the Plan, the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors approves agreements for the issuance of restricted stock to directors, executive officers and other key employees. Restricted stock granted in fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, vests &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzExNzI_3dc1b42b-f58c-48d6-8521-252ad00d5749&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzExNzI_b94999b2-9cde-4e31-9954-1814dc56a2ca&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzExNzI_c218fbec-7cef-4638-9fae-b38fca7b1a37&gt;three&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; to &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzExNzg_4c2ffa13-3d65-4d0c-a112-d0922d445808&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzExNzg_518c28be-ba72-4bf0-b7c0-c1b0d8e98dbb&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzExNzg_5ad6db26-81cb-42d9-a7b0-ba7ea2afedda&gt;four&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; years from the date of grant. The vesting schedule is accelerated upon death, disability, the participant&#x2019;s termination of employment after reaching retirement eligibility by reason of retirement, or upon a change in control, as defined in the Plan. Restricted stock grants are valued based upon the closing market price of the Company&#x2019;s common stock on the date of grant and are recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. Compensation expense related to restricted stock grants totaled $8.4 million, $7.5 million and $7.4 million during fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;A summary of the Company&#x2019;s restricted stock activity and related information is as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:73.000000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Number&#160;of&lt;br/&gt;Shares&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt;Average&#160;Grant&lt;br/&gt;Price&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Outstanding at October&#160;31, 2016&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;293,810&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;68.65&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Granted during fiscal 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;83,587&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;91.71&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Vested during 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(69,294)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;55.50&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Forfeited during 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(6,874)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;78.22&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Outstanding at October&#160;31, 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;301,229&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;77.86&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Granted during fiscal 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;65,250&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;145.33&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Vested during 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(84,696)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;68.82&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Forfeited during 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(2,352)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;108.31&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Outstanding at October&#160;31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;279,431&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;96.10&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Granted during fiscal 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;88,334&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;105.01&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Vested during 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(77,031)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;88.37&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Forfeited during 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(6,464)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;104.95&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Outstanding at October&#160;31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;284,270&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;100.76&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company had $12.5 million in unrecognized share-based compensation costs related to the 284,270 unvested shares as of October&#160;31, 2019, that will be recognized over a weighted average period of 1 year, 6 months. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Also pursuant to the Plan, the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors approves Management Share Purchase Plan agreements (the &#x201c;Purchase Plan&#x201d;) that authorize the issuance of shares of restricted stock to the Company&#x2019;s directors, executive officers and other key employees. Pursuant to the Purchase Plan, non-employee directors may elect to receive up to 100 percent of their annual retainer and meeting fees in the form of restricted stock. Other participants may elect to receive up to 15 percent of their salary and up to 75 percent of any bonus earned in the form of restricted stock. The purchase price of the restricted stock is the closing market price of the Company&#x2019;s common stock on the date of purchase. The Company makes matching contributions of 25 percent of the restricted shares purchased by participants. Restricted stock issued pursuant to the Purchase &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Plan vests after &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzI4NTQ_6f571180-c3a2-44df-b402-5ba1217d0872&gt;three&lt;/span&gt; years or immediately upon death, disability, or change in control, as defined. If an employee terminates employment after attaining eligibility for retirement, or a non-employee director retires upon the expiration of his or her board term, the participant&#x2019;s Purchase Plan shares vest immediately. If a participant&#x2019;s employment or service as a director is terminated for any other reason prior to the &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzMyNTg_3ddbf82f-a29e-4aac-abad-c5fd58d952b5&gt;three&lt;/span&gt;-year vesting period, the participant forfeits the matching contribution and the Company may, at its option, repurchase restricted stock purchased by the participant at the price paid by the participant. Matching contributions are recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. During fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, the participants purchased a total of 7,350; 10,697; and 9,605 shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan, valued at an average price of $128.20, $123.45, and $112.84, per share, respectively, and the Company issued 1,741; 2,565; and 2,290 matching shares, valued at an average price of $128.20, $123.45, and $112.84 per share, respectively. During fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, the participants vested in a total of 17,142; 17,040; and 17,034 shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan, valued at an average price of $89.08, $80.38, and $80.62, per share, respectively. During fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, the participants forfeited a total of 321; 259; and 1,461 shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan, respectively. Compensation expense related to the Company&#x2019;s matching contribution totaled approximately $351,000, $289,000 and $392,000 in fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;During fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, the Company entered into performance share agreements that grant certain officers and key employees the right to receive shares of the Company&#x2019;s common stock, subject to the Company&#x2019;s achievement of certain performance measures. The performance share agreements specify a target number of shares that a participant can receive based upon the Company&#x2019;s average return on equity and average return on sales, as defined, during a &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzQ4NTA_3793290a-611b-4f82-a4b1-762256bfd920&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzQ4NTA_59d85b68-6bc4-4959-9b5e-54a72ffeeb6d&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzQ4NTA_e11f60ab-9a2c-4cac-97d3-28bbc638e534&gt;two&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;-year performance period beginning November&#160;1 of each performance period. Although the performance share agreements have a &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzQ5NzU_3793290a-611b-4f82-a4b1-762256bfd920&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzQ5NzU_59d85b68-6bc4-4959-9b5e-54a72ffeeb6d&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzQ5NzU_e11f60ab-9a2c-4cac-97d3-28bbc638e534&gt;two&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;-year performance period, they are subject to an additional &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzUwMzc_a25d9844-f7a1-4f0c-a805-271fc18113c0&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzUwMzc_aa2079c6-c222-4544-b766-738ba57d0371&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjVhYjVmYWQ2OWI2ZjQxNjZiY2FlNTMwMGE5MTJhYjljL3NlYzo1YWI1ZmFkNjliNmY0MTY2YmNhZTUzMDBhOTEyYWI5Y18xMTUvZnJhZzo5ZGYyNDA4ZDk2ZDM0MjI4OThmNGZkNGFlMzk1MmJiYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjlkZjI0MDhkOTZkMzQyMjg5OGY0ZmQ0YWUzOTUyYmJjXzUwMzc_ea1803c7-84b6-4ae9-bc4a-201ea49417d1&gt;one&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; year period during which the participant must remain employed by the Company before they are paid out. If the Company&#x2019;s average return on equity and average return on sales exceed certain threshold amounts for the performance period, participants will receive 50 percent to 200 percent of the target number of shares, depending upon the Company&#x2019;s level of performance. Accruals for performance shares begin during the period management determines that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria is probable at some level. In estimating the probability of the number of shares that will be awarded, the Company considers, among other factors, current and projected grain costs and chicken volumes and pricing, as well as the amount of the Company's commitments to procure grain at a fixed price throughout the performance period. Due to the high level of volatility of these commodity prices and the impact that the change in pricing can have on the Company&#x2019;s results, the Company&#x2019;s assessment of probability can change from period to period and can result in a significant revision to the amounts accrued related to the arrangements, as the accruals are adjusted using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The target number of shares specified in the performance share agreements entered into on November 1, 2018 totaled 74,650.  As of October 31, 2019, the Company could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria is probable due to actual operating results for the first year of the two-year performance period falling below threshold levels, and the uncertainties discussed above, and therefore recorded no compensation expense related to those agreements. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company also has performance share agreements in place with certain officers and key employees that were entered into on November 1, 2017. During fiscal 2019, the Company determined based on combined results of fiscal 2018 and 2019, that achievement of the return on equity criterion for the November 1, 2017 agreements is not probable; however, the Company has determined that achievement of the return on sales criterion is probable at a level between the threshold and target levels. Accordingly, because the accrual is made using the cumulative catch-up method, fiscal 2019 includes compensation expense of $1.3 million, as compared to no compensation expense recorded during fiscal 2018 related to the agreements entered into on November 1, 2017. As of October 31, 2019, the aggregate number of shares estimated to be awarded related to the performance share agreements entered into on November 1, 2017 totaled 13,127 shares. Since the performance period for those agreements has ended, the actual number of shares that will be awarded can change only due to potential forfeitures during the remaining twelve months of the service period ending October 31, 2020. The Company will recognize the remaining $0.7 million of unearned compensation related to these shares over the remaining service period.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors determined that the performance shares granted November 1, 2016, were earned at a level between the threshold and target levels for the return on equity criterion and between the target and maximum levels for the return on sales criterion. Accordingly, fiscal 2019 includes compensation expense of $2.5 million, related to those agreements, as compared to $5.2 million during fiscal 2018. Because management's initial determination of probability was made during fiscal 2018, and because the accrual is made using the cumulative catch up method, the compensation expense recorded during fiscal 2018 related to the agreements entered into on November 1, 2016, was greater than that recorded during fiscal 2019. A total of 84,511 shares from the agreements entered into on November 1, 2016 vested and were issued on October 31, 2019. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Had the Company determined that it was probable that the maximum amount of those outstanding awards from the agreements entered into on November 1, 2018 would be earned, an additional $4.9 million would have been accrued as of October&#160;31, 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;A summary of the Company's compensation cost related to performance share agreements is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:96.726190%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:33.538462%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.615385%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.569231%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.538462%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.569231%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.000000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.569231%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.000000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 rowspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Number of shares issued (actual (a) or estimated (e))&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;For the years ended&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Date of Performance Share Agreement&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;November 1, 2014&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;102,193&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt; (a)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2,787&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;November 1, 2015&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;145,197&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt; (a)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,341&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;6,752&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;November 1, 2016&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;84,511&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt; (a)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2,504&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;5,238&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;November 1, 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;13,127&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt; (e)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,270&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;November 1, 2018 (1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt; (e)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:11.25pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total compensation cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,774&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;8,579&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,539&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;A summary of the Company&#x2019;s restricted stock activity and related information is as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:73.000000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Number&#160;of&lt;br/&gt;Shares&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Weighted&lt;br/&gt;Average&#160;Grant&lt;br/&gt;Price&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Outstanding at October&#160;31, 2016&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;293,810&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;68.65&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Granted during fiscal 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;83,587&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;91.71&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Vested during 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(69,294)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;55.50&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Forfeited during 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(6,874)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;78.22&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Outstanding at October&#160;31, 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;301,229&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;77.86&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Granted during fiscal 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;65,250&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;145.33&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Vested during 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(84,696)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;68.82&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Forfeited during 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(2,352)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;108.31&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Outstanding at October&#160;31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;279,431&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;96.10&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Granted during fiscal 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;88,334&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;105.01&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Vested during 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(77,031)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;88.37&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Forfeited during 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(6,464)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;104.95&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Outstanding at October&#160;31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;284,270&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;100.76&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;A summary of the Company's compensation cost related to performance share agreements is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:96.726190%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:33.538462%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:12.615385%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.569231%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.538462%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.569231%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.000000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.569231%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:14.000000%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 rowspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Number of shares issued (actual (a) or estimated (e))&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;For the years ended&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Date of Performance Share Agreement&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;October 31, 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;November 1, 2014&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;102,193&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt; (a)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2,787&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;November 1, 2015&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;145,197&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt; (a)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,341&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;6,752&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;November 1, 2016&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;84,511&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt; (a)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2,504&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;5,238&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;November 1, 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;13,127&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt; (e)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,270&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;November 1, 2018 (1)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt; (e)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:11.25pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Total compensation cost&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,774&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;8,579&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9,539&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
Commitments and Contingencies&lt;div style=margin-top:6pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company has approximately 17,055 employees, approximately 2,046 of whom are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Each collective bargaining agreement has a grievance procedure and no strike-no lockout clauses that should assist in maintaining stable labor relations at the applicable facility.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The Company has vehicle and equipment operating leases that expire at various dates through fiscal 2023. Rental expense under these leases totaled approximately $20.3 million, $19.0 million, and $17.0 million during fiscal 2019, 2018 and 2017, respectively. The minimum lease payments of obligations under non-cancelable operating leases at October&#160;31, 2019 were as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:86.690476%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-decoration: underline;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Amount&lt;br/&gt;(in millions)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;15.4&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;13.1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2022&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9.8&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2023&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;7.5&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2024&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1.9&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2025&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;47.8&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;At October&#160;31, 2019, the Company&#x2019;s estimated outstanding contractual obligations for feed grains, feed ingredients, packaging supplies, construction projects and new equipment totaled $208.1 million, with the entire amount due in fiscal 2020.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;The timing of expenditures related to the obligations discussed above is subject to change as the contracts mature.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Between September 2, 2016 and October 13, 2016, Sanderson Farms, Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants, along with 13 other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies, in multiple putative class action lawsuits filed by direct and indirect purchasers of broiler chickens in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The complaints allege that the defendants conspired to unlawfully fix, raise, maintain, and stabilize the price of broiler chickens, thereby violating federal and certain states&#x2019; antitrust laws, and also allege certain related state-law claims. The complaints also allege that the defendants fraudulently concealed the alleged anticompetitive conduct in furtherance of the conspiracy. The complaints seek damages, including treble damages for the antitrust claims, injunctive relief, costs, and attorneys&#x2019; fees. As detailed below, the Court has consolidated all of the direct purchaser complaints into one case, and the indirect purchaser complaints into two cases, one on behalf of commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs and &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;one on behalf of end-user consumer plaintiffs. The cases are part of a coordinated proceeding captioned &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;On October 28, 2016, the direct and indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed consolidated, amended complaints, and on November 23, 2016, the direct and indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed second amended complaints. On December 16, 2016, the indirect purchaser plaintiffs separated into two cases. On that date, the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint, and the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed an amended complaint. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;On January 27, 2017, the defendants filed motions to dismiss the amended complaints in all of the cases, and on November 20, 2017, the motions to dismiss were denied. On February 7, 2018, the direct purchaser plaintiffs filed their third amended complaint, adding three additional poultry producers as defendants. On February 12, 2018, the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed their second amended complaint, in which they also added three additional poultry producers as defendants, along with Agri Stats. On February 20, 2018, the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their fourth amended complaint. On November 13, 2018, the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their fifth amended complaint, adding three additional poultry producers as defendants. On November 28, 2018, the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed their third amended complaint. On January 15, 2019, the direct purchaser plaintiffs filed their fourth amended complaint, and the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their sixth amended complaint. Both the direct purchaser plaintiffs and the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs added two new poultry producers as defendants, as well as Agri Stats. On April 29, 2019, the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed their fourth amended complaint. The parties are currently engaged in discovery, subject to the limited stay discussed below.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;Between December 8, 2017 and September 13, 2019, additional purported direct-purchaser entities individually brought thirty-three separate suits against 19 poultry producers, including Sanderson Farms, and Agri Stats in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, the United States District Court for the District of Kansas, the United States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas, and the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. These suits allege substantially similar claims to the direct purchaser class complaint described above; certain of the suits additionally allege related state-law and common law claims, and related claims under federal and Georgia RICO statutes. Those suits filed in the Northern District of Illinois are now pending in front of the same judge as the putative class action lawsuits. On June 26, 2018, the defendants filed a motion to transfer the case filed in the District of Kansas to the Northern District of Illinois, and that motion was granted on September 13, 2018. On June 7, 2019, the plaintiffs filed a motion to transfer the case filed in the Western District of Arkansas to the Northern District of Illinois, and that motion was granted on June 11, 2019. On July 24, 2019, one of the defendants filed a motion to transfer the case filed in the District of Puerto Rico to the Northern District of Illinois, and that motion was granted on July 25, 2019. On July 22, 2019, the Company moved to dismiss in part those direct-purchaser complaints that allege claims under federal and Georgia RICO statutes against it. The motion was fully briefed on September 20, 2019, and a hearing on the motion is scheduled for December 18, 2019. On October 18, 2019, defendants moved to dismiss the case filed by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico on its behalf and on behalf of its citizens. The motion will be fully briefed on January 21, 2020. The parties are currently engaged in discovery, subject to the limited stay discussed below. It is possible additional individual actions may be filed.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;The Company is aware that certain plaintiffs&#x2019; counsel in &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt; received from the United States Department of Justice, Antitrust Division, a subpoena that included a request to produce all discovery in the case to a grand jury. On June 27, 2019, the Court in &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt; permitted the United States Department of Justice to intervene in the case, as well as ordered certain discovery stayed until September 27, 2019. Before the discovery stay expired on September 27, 2019, the United States Department of Justice asked the Court in &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt; to extend the discovery stay for an additional six months. On September 25, 2019, the Court granted the additional stay of not less than three months. On October 16, 2019, after further consideration, the Court extended the stay until June 27, 2020.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;The Company received a grand jury subpoena in connection with the United States Department of Justice Antitrust Division investigation on September 9, 2019. The Company is complying with the subpoena and producing documents as requested.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;We intend to continue to defend the lawsuits vigorously; however, the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail, the Company could be liable for damages, which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;Sanderson Farms, Inc.; Joe F. Sanderson, Jr., the Chairman of the Registrant&#x2019;s Board of Directors and its Chief Executive Officer; and D. Michael Cockrell, director and Chief Financial Officer, were named as defendants in a putative class action lawsuit filed on October 28, 2016, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. On March 30, 2017, the lead plaintiff filed an amended complaint adding Lampkin Butts, director, Chief Operating Officer, and President, &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;as a defendant, and on June 15, 2017, the lead plaintiff filed a second amended complaint. The complaint alleges that the defendants made statements in the Company&#x2019;s SEC filings and press releases, and other public statements, that were materially false and misleading in light of the Company&#x2019;s alleged, undisclosed violation of the federal antitrust laws described above. The complaint also alleges that the material misstatements were made in order to, among other things, &#x201c;artificially inflate and maintain the market price of Sanderson Farms securities.&#x201d; The complaint alleges the defendants thereby violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the &#x201c;Exchange Act&#x201d;), including Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and, for the individual defendants, Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act, and seeks damages, interest, costs and attorneys&#x2019; fees. On January 19, 2018, the Court granted the defendants&#x2019; motion to dismiss and entered judgment for the defendants. On January 31, 2018, the plaintiff filed a notice of appeal to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. The appeal was fully briefed, and the Court of Appeals heard oral argument on August 31, 2018. On December 10, 2019, the Court of Appeals affirmed the District Court's decision granting the defendants' motion to dismiss. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;On January 30, 2017, the Company received a letter from an attorney representing a putative shareholder demanding that the Company take action against current and/or former officers and directors of the Company for alleged breach of their fiduciary duties. The shareholder asserted that the officers and directors (i) failed to take any action to stop the alleged antitrust conspiracy described above, despite their alleged knowledge of the conspiracy, and (ii) made and/or caused the Company to make materially false and misleading statements by failing to disclose the alleged conspiracy. The shareholder also asserted that certain directors engaged in &#x201c;insider sales&#x201d; from which they improperly benefited. In addition to demanding that the officers and directors be sued, the shareholder also demanded that the Company adopt unspecified corporate governance improvements. On February 9, 2017, pursuant to statutory procedures available in connection with demands of this type, the Company&#x2019;s board of directors appointed a special committee of qualified directors to determine, after conducting a reasonable inquiry, whether it was in the Company&#x2019;s best interests to pursue any of the actions demanded in the shareholder&#x2019;s letter. On April 26, 2017, the special committee reported to the Company&#x2019;s board of directors its determination that it was not in the Company&#x2019;s best interests to take any of the demanded actions at that time, and that no governance improvements related to the subject matter of the demand were needed. On May 5, 2017, the special committee&#x2019;s counsel informed the shareholder&#x2019;s counsel of the committee&#x2019;s determination. As of the date of filing of this report, and to the Company&#x2019;s knowledge, no legal proceedings related to the shareholder&#x2019;s demand have been filed.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;On January 27, 2017, Sanderson Farms, Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants, along with four other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies, in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. On March 27, 2017, Sanderson Farms, Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants, along with four other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies, in a second putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. The Court ordered the suits consolidated into one proceeding, and on July 10, 2017, the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint. The consolidated amended complaint alleges that the defendants unlawfully conspired by sharing data on compensation paid to broiler farmers, with the purpose and effect of suppressing the farmers&#x2019; compensation below competitive levels. The consolidated amended complaint also alleges that the defendants unlawfully conspired to not solicit or hire the broiler farmers who were providing services to other defendants. The consolidated amended complaint seeks treble damages, costs and attorneys&#x2019; fees. On September 8, 2017, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint, on October 23, 2017, the plaintiffs filed their response, and on November 22, 2017, the defendants filed a reply. On January 19, 2018, the Court granted the Sanderson Farms defendants&#x2019; motion to dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction. The motion to dismiss the complaint filed in the Eastern District of Oklahoma on its merits is pending as to the remaining defendants. On February 21, 2018, the plaintiffs filed a substantially similar lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina against Sanderson Farms and our subsidiaries and another poultry producer. The plaintiffs subsequently moved to consolidate this action with the Eastern District of Oklahoma action in the Eastern District of Oklahoma for pre-trial proceedings, with the defendants in support thereof. That motion was denied. On July 13, 2018, the defendants moved to dismiss the lawsuit in the Eastern District of North Carolina, and briefing was completed on September 4, 2018. On January 15, 2019, the Court granted in part the defendants&#x2019; motion to dismiss and stayed the action in the Eastern District of North Carolina pending resolution of the action in the Eastern District of Oklahoma. No discovery has taken place to date. We intend to defend this case vigorously; however, the Company cannot predict the outcome of this action. If the plaintiffs were to prevail, the Company could be liable for damages, which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;On February 21, 2017, Sanderson Farms, Inc. received an antitrust civil investigative demand from the Office of the Attorney General, Department of Legal Affairs, of the State of Florida. Among other things, the demand seeks information related to the Georgia Dock Index and other information on poultry and poultry products published by the Georgia Department of Agriculture and its Poultry Market News division. The Company is cooperating fully with the investigative demand, and we have responded to all requests received to date; however, we are unable to predict its outcome at this time. Separately, the &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;Company has become aware that certain plaintiffs&#x2019; counsel in &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;received from the Office of the Attorney General, Department of Legal Affairs, of the State of Florida, an antitrust civil investigative demand that includes a request to produce all documents submitted by the recipients to the Department of Justice relating to &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt; The Company is also aware that certain plaintiffs&#x2019; counsel in &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;In re Broiler Chicken Antitrust Litigation &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;received from the Louisiana Department of Justice - Office of the Attorney General a Civil Investigation Demand that included a request to produce all deposition transcripts from the civil litigation.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;On June 22, 2017, the Company was named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The complaint, which was brought by three non-profit organizations (the Organic Consumers Association, Friends of the Earth, and Center for Food Safety) alleged that the Company is violating the California Unfair Competition Law and the California False Advertising Law by representing that its poultry products are &#x201c;100% Natural&#x201d; products raised with &#x201c;100% Natural&#x201d; farming procedures. Among other things, the plaintiffs alleged that the Company&#x2019;s products contain residues of human and animal antibiotics, other pharmaceuticals, hormones, steroids, and pesticides. Plaintiffs sought an order enjoining the Company from continuing its allegedly unlawful marketing program and requiring the Company to conduct a corrective advertising campaign; an accounting of the Company&#x2019;s profits derived from the allegedly unlawful marketing practices; and attorneys&#x2019; fees, costs and interest. On August 2, 2017, the Company moved to dismiss the lawsuit on various grounds. On August 23, 2017, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, which included substantially similar allegations as the original complaint, and the Company filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on September 13, 2017. On February 9, 2018, the Court denied the Company&#x2019;s motion to dismiss. An initial scheduling conference was held on March 1, 2018, and discovery started thereafter. On June 25, 2018, the plaintiffs amended their complaint for a second time, including to remove allegations that USDA had found the Company&#x2019;s chicken samples to contain residues of antibiotics or other substances. On July 9, 2018, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint. On July 18, 2018, during the pendency of that motion, the parties stipulated to the voluntary dismissal of one of the plaintiff organizations (the Organic Consumers Association). The other two plaintiffs continued to prosecute their claims. On September 11, 2018, the Court granted the motion to dismiss the second amended complaint with leave to amend the complaint, and on October 2, 2018, the remaining plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint. The third amended complaint alleged that the Company misleads consumers with regard to (1) the presence of unnatural residues in its chicken products; (2) the fact that it uses antibiotics in raising its chickens; (3) the conditions in which it raises its chickens; and (4) the risks of human antibiotic resistance caused by the Company&#x2019;s use of antibiotics.  On October 16, 2018, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the third amended complaint, and on December 3, 2018, the Court denied that motion. Fact discovery concluded on March 18, 2019. On April 1, 2019, Sanderson filed a motion to dismiss for lack of subject matter jurisdiction on grounds that the remaining plaintiffs lacked standing. The Court held a hearing on the Company&#x2019;s motion on May 30, 2019. On July 31, 2019, the Court granted Sanderson&#x2019;s motion without prejudice, stating that dismissal for lack of standing must be without prejudice, but denied the plaintiffs leave to amend their complaint. On October 8, 2019, the Court taxed $12,701 in costs in favor of Sanderson as the prevailing party.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;On August 30, 2019, plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal of the District Court&#x2019;s order of dismissal before the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Under the briefing schedule ordered by the Court of Appeals, plaintiffs&#x2019; opening brief is due on January 8, 2020, and Sanderson&#x2019;s response brief is due on February 7, 2020. Briefing is scheduled to be complete by the end of February 2020, and oral argument is likely to be scheduled for late 2020 or early 2021. We intend to vigorously defend the appeal. However, the Company cannot predict the outcome of this action. If the plaintiffs were to prevail, the Company&#x2019;s reputation and marketing program could be materially, adversely affected, which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;On August 30, 2019, Sanderson Farms, Inc. and its Foods and Processing Divisions, as well as seventeen other poultry producers and their affiliates; Agri Stats, Inc.; and Webber, Meng, Sahl and Company, Inc. (&#x201c;WMS&#x201d;), were named in a putative class action filed in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. To date, three other nearly identical putative class action complaints, each seeking to represent the same putative class, have been filed. The complaints, brought on behalf of non-supervisory production and maintenance employees at broiler chicken processing plants, allege that the defendants unlawfully conspired by agreeing to fix and depress the compensation paid to them, including hourly wages and compensation benefits, from January 1, 2009 to the present. The plaintiffs claim that broiler producers shared competitively sensitive wage and benefits compensation information in three ways: (1) attending in-person meetings in Destin, Florida; (2) receiving Agri Stats reports, as well as surveys taken and published by WMS; and (3) directly exchanging wage and benefits information with plant managers at other defendant broiler producers. Plaintiffs allege that this conduct violated the Sherman Antitrust Act. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;On November 12, 2019, the Court ordered that the four putative class action complaints would be consolidated for all pretrial purposes. The Court ordered plaintiffs to file their consolidated complaint on or before November 14, 2019. Defendants&#x2019; motions to dismiss the consolidated complaint were filed on November 22, 2019. Briefing was scheduled to be completed on &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;or before February 28, 2020; however, on November 26, 2019, plaintiffs notified defendants that they intend to file an amended consolidated complaint. Additional motions to dismiss likely will follow, after which the parties will wait for a decision on the defendants' motion to dismiss from the trial court. We intend to defend these cases vigorously; however, the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail, the Company could be liable for damages, which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;On October 11, 2019, three named plaintiffs - Daniel Lentz, Pam La Fosse, and Marybeth Norman - filed, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, a nationwide class action against Sanderson Farms, Inc. on behalf of a putative class of all individuals and businesses throughout the United States who purchased one or more Sanderson chicken products in the prior four years. The lawsuit alleges that the named plaintiffs and other class members purchased Sanderson chicken products based on misleading representations in Sanderson&#x2019;s advertising. Specifically, the plaintiffs in this case allege that Sanderson&#x2019;s advertising (including, but not limited to, on its website, television commercials, radio advertisements, social media, print magazines, billboards, and trucks) misleads consumers into believing that (i) Sanderson&#x2019;s chickens were not given antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals, (ii) the chickens were raised in a &#x201c;natural&#x201d; environment, (iii) there is no evidence that the use of antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals in poultry contributes to the evolution of antibiotic-resistant bacteria, and (iv) Sanderson&#x2019;s chicken products do not contain antibiotic or pharmaceutical residues. Plaintiffs allege that (i) Sanderson &#x201c;routinely&#x201d; feeds antibiotics and pharmaceuticals to its chickens, (ii) Sanderson raises its chickens indoors in &#x201c;unnatural&#x201d; indoor conditions amounting to &#x201c;intensive confinement&#x201d; and without natural light (iii) there is &#x201c;extensive&#x201d; reliable evidence that the use of antibiotics in poultry contributes to antibiotic-resistant bacteria, and (iv) Sanderson&#x2019;s chickens have been found to contain antibiotic and pharmaceutical residue. The Complaint asserts five causes of action under California and North Carolina law. The plaintiffs seek injunctive relief directing Sanderson to correct its practices and to comply with consumer protection laws nationwide. The plaintiffs also seek monetary, compensatory, statutory, and punitive damages, as well as attorneys&#x2019; and experts&#x2019; fees, costs, and expenses. Sanderson has not yet responded to the Complaint. Sanderson&#x2019;s response is due on December 20, 2019. We intend to defend this lawsuit vigorously; however, the Company cannot predict the outcome of this action. If the plaintiffs were to prevail, the Company could be liable for damages, which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%;&gt;The Company is involved in various other claims and litigation incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be determined with certainty, management, upon the advice of counsel, is of the opinion that the final outcome of currently pending matters, other than those discussed above, should not have a material effect on the Company's consolidated results of operations or financial position.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
The minimum lease payments of obligations under non-cancelable operating leases at October&#160;31, 2019 were as follows:&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:86.690476%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-decoration: underline;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Amount&lt;br/&gt;(in millions)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;15.4&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;13.1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2022&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;9.8&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2023&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;7.5&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2024&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1.9&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2025&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.1&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;47.8&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000;border-bottom:3pt double #000;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:45.619048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fiscal Year 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;First&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Second&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Third&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fourth&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands, except per share data)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Net sales&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;743,388&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;845,229&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;945,152&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;906,489&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Gross profit&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;34,988&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;104,396&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;121,008&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;18,743&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(17,833)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;40,636&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;53,362&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(22,871)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Diluted earnings (loss) per share&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(0.82)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1.83&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2.41&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1.05)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:45.619048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fiscal Year 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;First&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Second&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Third&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fourth&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands, except per share data)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(unaudited)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Net sales&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;771,948&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;813,474&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;852,434&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;798,148&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Gross profit&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;69,847&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;110,064&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;70,866&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;888&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;51,206&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;41,948&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;11,475&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(43,198)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Diluted earnings (loss) per share&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2.24&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1.84&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.50&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1.95)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:45.619048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fiscal Year 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;First&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Second&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Third&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fourth&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands, except per share data)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Net sales&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;743,388&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;845,229&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;945,152&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;906,489&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Gross profit&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;34,988&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;104,396&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;121,008&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;18,743&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(17,833)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;40,636&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;53,362&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(22,871)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Diluted earnings (loss) per share&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(0.82)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1.83&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2.41&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1.05)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:45.619048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.946429%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fiscal Year 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;First&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Second&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Third&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Fourth&lt;br/&gt;Quarter&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=21 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In thousands, except per share data)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(unaudited)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Net sales&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;771,948&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;813,474&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;852,434&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;798,148&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Gross profit&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;69,847&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;110,064&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;70,866&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;888&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;51,206&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;41,948&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;11,475&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(43,198)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Diluted earnings (loss) per share&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2.24&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1.84&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;0.50&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(1.95)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
&lt;div style=text-align:center;margin-top:12pt;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Valuation and Qualifying Accounts&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman';font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%;&gt;Schedule II&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;&gt;&lt;table style=margin-left:auto;margin-right:auto;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;text-indent:0pt;display:inline-table;width:99.990000%;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:41.898810%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.863095%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.863095%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.863095%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.863095%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.544048%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:8.863095%;/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-decoration: underline;&gt;Classification&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Balance&#160;at&lt;br/&gt;Beginning&lt;br/&gt;of Period&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Charged (Credited) to&lt;br/&gt;Costs and&lt;br/&gt;Expenses&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Charged&#160;to&lt;br/&gt;Other&lt;br/&gt;Accounts&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Deductions&lt;br/&gt;Describe&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Balance&#160;at&lt;br/&gt;End of&lt;br/&gt;Period&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=27 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(In Thousands)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Year Ended October 31, 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Deducted from accounts receivable:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:36pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Totals&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,260&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;(2,000)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;1,260&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Year Ended October 31, 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Deducted from accounts receivable:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:36pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Totals&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,260&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,260&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Year Ended October 31, 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:18pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Deducted from accounts receivable:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:36pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;Totals&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;2,650&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;610&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#x2014;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;padding-right:1pt;/&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;$&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:0%;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;3,260&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:1pt;&gt;&lt;span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
 0.0);&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<span style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueAssetsMeasuredOnNonrecurringBasisTextBlock'
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<td colspan=3 style=background-color:rgb(255
255
255

255
255

255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255
<span style=font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;font-family:'Times New Roman';color:#000000;background-color:rgb(255
255
255

