

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001445305-14-005601
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		18
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20141031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20141218
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20141218
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANDERSON FARMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000812128
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	POULTRY SLAUGHTERING AND PROCESSING [2015]
		IRS NUMBER:				640615843
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MS
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14977
		FILM NUMBER:		141294213
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 N 13TH AVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 988
		CITY:			LAUREL
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39441
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6016494030
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 N 13TH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 988
		CITY:			LAUREL
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39441












		


Washington
October&#160;31
SANDERSON FARMS
Laurel
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
Aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the Registrant computed by reference to the closing sales price of the common equity in The NASDAQ Stock Market on the last business day of the Registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: $1
794
360
December&#160;12
: 23
152
217 shares of common stock
Market for the Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
&#32;This Annual Report on Form 10-K is filed by Sanderson Farms
 Inc.
 a Mississippi corporation. Except where the context indicates otherwise
 the terms &#8220;Registrant
&#8221; &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;Sanderson Farms
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221; refer to Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and its subsidiaries and predecessor organizations. The use of these terms to refer to Sanderson Farms
October&#160;31
 2014
&#32;Except for Item&#160;4A herein
 the Item numbers and letters appearing in this Annual Report correspond with those used in Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K (and
 to the extent that it is incorporated into Form 10-K
 those used in SEC Regulation S-K) as effective on the date hereof
 which specifies the information required to be included in Annual Reports to the SEC. Item&#160;4A (&#8220;Executive Officers of the Registrant&#8221;) has been included by the Registrant in accordance with General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K and Instruction 3 of Item&#160;401(b) of Regulation S-K. The information contained in this Annual Report is
 unless indicated to be given as of a specified date or for a specified period
 given as of the date of this Report
December&#160;18
The Registrant was incorporated in Mississippi in 1955
 and is a fully-integrated poultry processing company engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken products. In addition
 the Registrant is engaged in the processing
 marketing and distribution of prepared chicken through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Sanderson Farms
The Registrant sells ice pack
 chill pack
 bulk pack and frozen chicken
 in whole
 cut-up and boneless form
 primarily under the Sanderson Farms&#174; brand name to retailers
 distributors
 and casual dining operators principally in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States
October&#160;31
 2014
 the Registrant processed approximately 452&#160;million chickens
&#32;industry statistics
The Registrant&#8217;s chicken operations presently encompass 8 hatcheries
 7 feed mills and 9 processing plants
 and those figures do not include the facilities at its new Palestine
 Texas complex. The Registrant began operations at the new Palestine hatchery in November 2014
The Company&#8217;s prepared chicken product line includes approximately 130 institutional and consumer packaged partially cooked or marinated chicken items that it sells nationally and regionally
Since the Registrant completed the initial public offering of its common stock in May 1987
 the Registrant has significantly expanded its operations to increase production capacity
 product lines and marketing flexibility. Through 1997
 this expansion included the expansion of the Registrant&#8217;s Hammond
 Louisiana processing facility; the construction of new wastewater facilities at the Hammond
 Louisiana and Collins and Hazlehurst
 Mississippi processing facilities; the addition of second shifts at the Hammond
 Louisiana and the Laurel
 Hazlehurst
 and Collins
 Mississippi processing facilities; the expansion of freezer and production capacity at its prepared chicken facility in Flowood
 Mississippi; the expansion of freezer capacity at its Hammond
 Louisiana
 and its Laurel and Collins
 Mississippi processing facilities; the addition of deboning capabilities at all of the Registrant&#8217;s poultry processing facilities; the construction and start-up of its McComb
 Mississippi and Bryan
 Texas production and processing facilities
 including a hatchery
 a feed mill
 a processing plant
 and a wastewater treatment facility for each complex; and the expansion and renovation of the hatchery at its Hazlehurst
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2005
 the Registrant began initial operations at a new poultry processing complex in southern Georgia. The complex consists of a feed mill
 hatchery
On August&#160;6
 2007
 the Company began initial operations at a new poultry processing complex in Waco and McLennan County
 Texas. The complex consists of a hatchery
 processing plant and wastewater treatment facility. This complex shares a feed mill located in Robertson County
 Texas with our Bryan
In January 2011
 the Company began initial operations at a new poultry processing complex in Kinston
 North Carolina. The complex consists of a hatchery
 feed mill
 processing plant
On February&#160;14
 2013
 the Company announced the selection of sites in and near Palestine
 Texas
 for the construction of its next poultry complex
 and construction of the complex began on or about October&#160;1
 2013. The new complex will consist of a feed mill
 hatchery
 processing plant and wastewater facility with the capacity to process 1.25&#160;million chickens per week for the big bird deboning market. Before the complex can become fully operational
The Company changed its marketing strategy in 1997 to move away from the small bird markets serving primarily the fast food industry to concentrate its production in the retail and big bird deboning markets serving the retail grocery and food service industries. This market shift resulted in larger average bird weights of the chickens processed by the Company
 and substantially increased the number of pounds processed by the Company. In addition
&#32;were funded by cash on hand at November&#160;1
 
. On October&#160;24
 2013
 the Company entered into a new revolving credit facility to
 among other things
 increase the total committed credit from $500.0 million to $600.0 million. The new facility also increased the annual capital expenditure limitation to $65.0 million for fiscal years 2013 through 2018
 plus
 for each year
 up to $10.0 million carryover from the preceding fiscal year
 when it is not actually spent in that year. The capital expenditure limitation for fiscal 
 with the permitted carry over
 was $75.0 million.  On October 29
 2014
 the Company entered into an amendment to the existing agreement's capital expenditure covenants. The amendment increased the annual capital expenditure limitation to $75.0 million
 and the allowable carryover to $15.0 million for fiscal years 2015 - 2018. The amendment also increases the amount the Company is allowed to spend on the construction of its new complex in Palestine
 Texas. Under the original facility
 the Company was allowed to spend up to $140.0 million each in capital expenditures on the construction of two new poultry complexes to be located anywhere in the United States
 which expenditures are in addition to the annual overall capital expenditure limits. Under the amendment
 the amount allowed to be spent on construction of the new Palestine
 Texas complex is increased to $155.0 million
 while the original $140.0 million covenant remains in place for construction of a second potential complex. Under the facility
 the Company may not exceed a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of 55% from the date of the agreement through October&#160;30
 2014
 and 50% thereafter. The Company has a one-time right
 at any time during the term of the agreement
 to increase the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio then in effect by five percentage points in connection with the construction of either of the two potential new poultry complexes for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at October&#160;31
 
 was $613.6 million. The credit remains unsecured and
 unless extended
 will expire on October&#160;24
The Registrant is engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and the preparation
 processing
The Registrant sells chill pack
 ice pack
 bulk pack and frozen chicken
 in whole
 cut-up and boneless form
 primarily under the Sanderson Farms&#174; brand name to retailers
 distributors and casual dining operators principally in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States. During its fiscal year ended October&#160;31
 
 the Registrant processed approximately 452&#160;million chickens
 or over 3.0 billion dressed pounds. In addition
&#32;industry statistics
The Registrant conducts its chicken operations through Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division)
 both of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. The production subsidiary
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division)
 which has facilities in Laurel
 Collins
 Hazlehurst and McComb
 Mississippi; Bryan
 Waco
 Palestine
 Freestone County
 and Robertson County
 Texas; Adel
 Georgia and Kinston
 North Carolina
 is engaged in the production of chickens to the broiler stage. Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division)
 which has facilities in Laurel
 Collins
 Hazlehurst and McComb
 Mississippi; Hammond
 Louisiana; Bryan
 Palestine
 and Waco
 Texas; Moultrie
 Georgia and Kinston
 North Carolina
 is engaged in the processing
The Registrant conducts its prepared chicken business through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Foods Division)
 which has a facility in Flowood
 Mississippi. The Foods Division is engaged in the processing
 marketing and distribution of approximately 130 prepared chicken items
 which it sells nationally and regionally
Processed chicken is first salable as an ice packed
 whole chicken. The Registrant adds value to its ice packed
 whole chickens by removing the giblets
 weighing
 packaging and labeling the product to specific customer requirements and cutting and deboning the product based on customer specifications. The additional processing steps of giblet removal
 close tolerance weighing and cutting increase the value of the product to the customer over whole
 ice packed chickens by reducing customer handling and cutting labor and capital costs
 reducing the shrinkage associated with cutting
The Registrant adds additional value to the processed chicken by deep chilling and packaging whole chickens in bags or combinations of fresh chicken parts
 including boneless product
 in various sized
 individual trays under the Registrant&#8217;s brand name
 which then may be weighed and pre-priced
 based on each customer&#8217;s needs. This chill pack process increases the value of the product by extending shelf life
 reducing customer weighing and packaging labor
 and providing the customer with a wide variety of products with uniform
 well designed packaging
To satisfy some customers&#8217; merchandising needs
 the Registrant freezes the chicken product
 which adds value by meeting the customers&#8217; handling
 storage
The following table sets forth
 for the periods indicated
 the contribution
 as a percentage of net sales dollars
Fiscal Year Ended October&#160;31
The three largest market segments in the chicken industry are big bird deboning
The following table sets forth
 for each of the Company&#8217;s poultry processing plants
 the general market segment in which the plant participates
 the weekly capacity of each plant at full capacity expressed in number of head processed
Laurel
625
Hazlehurst
625
Hammond
625
Collins
1
250
Waco
1
250
McComb
1
250
Bryan
1
250
Moultrie
1
250
Kinston
1
250
Those plants that target the big bird deboning market grow a relatively large bird. The dark meat from these birds is sold primarily as frozen leg quarters in the export market or as fresh whole legs to further processors. This dark meat is sold primarily at spot commodity prices
 which prices exhibit fluctuations typical of commodity markets. The white meat produced by these plants is generally sold as fresh deboned breast meat
 chicken tenders and whole or cut wings
 and is likewise sold at spot commodity market prices for wings
 tenders and boneless breast meat. As of October&#160;31
 
 the Company had the capacity to process 4.375&#160;million head per week in its big bird deboning plants
 and its results are materially impacted by fluctuations in the commodity market prices for leg quarters
 boneless breast meat
The Urner Barry spot market price for leg quarters
 boneless breast meat
Those plants that target the chill pack retail grocery market grow a medium sized bird and cut and package the product in various sized individual trays to customers&#8217; specifications. The trays are weighed and pre-priced primarily for customers to resell through retail grocery outlets. While the Company sells some of its chill pack product under store brand names
 most of its chill pack production is sold under the Company&#8217;s Sanderson Farms&#174; brand name. The Company has long term contracts (one to three years) with most of its chill pack customers
 and the pricing of this product is based on a formula that uses the Georgia Dock whole bird price as its base. The Georgia Dock whole bird price is published each week by the Georgia Department of Agriculture and is based on its survey of prices and market conditions during the preceding week. As of October&#160;31
 
 the Company had the capacity to process 5.0&#160;million head per week at its chill pack plants
Those companies with plants dedicated to the small bird market grow and process a relatively small chicken and market the finished product primarily to fast food and food service companies at negotiated flat prices
 cost plus formulas or spot market prices. Based on benchmarking services used by the industry
The Registrant&#8217;s chicken products are sold primarily to retailers (including national and regional supermarket chains and local supermarkets) and distributors located principally in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States. The Registrant also sells its chicken products to casual dining operators and to United States based customers who resell the products outside of the continental United States. This wide range of customers
 together with the Registrant&#8217;s product mix
 provides the Registrant with flexibility in responding to changing market conditions in its effort to maximize profits. This flexibility also assists the Registrant in its efforts to reduce its exposure to market volatility
Sales and distribution of the Registrant&#8217;s chicken products are conducted primarily by sales personnel at the Registrant&#8217;s general corporate offices in Laurel
 Mississippi
 by customer service representatives at each of its processing complexes and one prepared chicken plant and through independent food brokers. Each complex has individual on-site distribution centers and uses the Registrant&#8217;s truck fleet
 as well as contract carriers
Generally
 the Registrant prices much of its chicken products based upon weekly and daily market prices reported by the Georgia Department of Agriculture and by private firms. Consistent with the industry
 the Registrant&#8217;s profitability is impacted by such market prices
 which may fluctuate substantially and exhibit cyclical and seasonal characteristics. The Registrant will adjust base prices depending upon value added
 volume
 product mix and other factors. While base prices may change weekly and daily
 the Registrant&#8217;s adjustments are generally negotiated from time to time with the Registrant&#8217;s customers. The Registrant&#8217;s sales are generally made on an as-ordered basis
From time to time
 the Registrant may use television
 radio and newspaper advertising
 point of purchase material and other marketing techniques to develop consumer awareness of and brand recognition for its Sanderson Farms&#174; products. The Registrant has achieved a high level of public awareness and acceptance of its products in its core markets. Brand awareness is an important element of the Registrant&#8217;s marketing philosophy
 and it intends to continue brand name merchandising of its products. During calendar 2004
 the Company launched an advertising campaign designed to distinguish the Company&#8217;s fresh chicken products from competitors&#8217; products. The campaign noted that the Company&#8217;s product is a natural product free from salt
The Registrant&#8217;s prepared chicken items are sold nationally and regionally
 primarily to distributors and national food service accounts. Sales of such products are handled by sales personnel of the Registrant and by independent food brokers. Prepared chicken items are distributed from the Registrant&#8217;s plant in Flowood
 Mississippi
&#32;The Registrant is a vertically-integrated producer of fresh and frozen chicken products
 controlling the production of hatching eggs
 hatching
 feed manufacturing
 growing
. The Registrant maintains its own breeder flocks for the production of hatching eggs. The Registrant&#8217;s breeder flocks are acquired as one-day old chicks (known as pullets and cockerels) from primary breeding companies that specialize in the production of genetically designed breeder stock. As of October&#160;31
 
 the Registrant maintained contracts with 53 independent contract pullet producers for the grow-out of pullets (growing the pullet to the point at which it is capable of egg production
 which takes approximately six months). Thereafter
 the mature breeder flocks are transported by Registrant&#8217;s vehicles to breeder farms that are maintained
 as of October&#160;31
 
The Registrant owns and operates eight hatcheries located in Mississippi
 Texas
 Georgia and North Carolina where eggs are incubated
 vaccinated and hatched in a process requiring 21 days. The chicks are vaccinated against common poultry diseases and are transported by Registrant&#8217;s vehicles to independent contract grow-out farms. As of October&#160;31
 
&#32;The Registrant places its chicks on the farms of 609 independent contract broiler producers
 as of October&#160;31
 
 located in Mississippi
 Texas
 Georgia and North Carolina where broilers are grown to an age of approximately seven to nine weeks. The farms provide the Registrant with sufficient housing capacity for its operations
 and are typically family-owned farms operated under contract with the Registrant. The farm owners provide facilities
 utilities and labor; the Registrant supplies the day-old chicks
Historically
&#32;An important factor in the grow-out of chickens is the rate at which chickens convert feed into body weight. The Registrant purchases primary feed ingredients on the open market. Ingredients include corn and soybean meal
 which historically have been the largest cost components of the Registrant&#8217;s total feed costs. The quality and composition of the feed are critical to the conversion rate
 and accordingly
 the Registrant formulates and produces its own feed. As of October&#160;31
 
 the Registrant operated seven feed mills
 four of which are located in Mississippi
 one in Texas
&#32;were approximately 3
577
000 tons
 and it has the capacity to produce approximately 4
773
Feed grains are commodities subject to volatile price changes caused by weather
 size of the harvest
 transportation and storage costs
 domestic and export demand and the agricultural and energy policies of the United States and foreign governments. On October&#160;31
 
 the Registrant had the capacity to store approximately 2
989
000 bushels of corn at its feed mills
 which was sufficient to store all of its weekly requirements for corn. Generally
 the Registrant purchases its corn and other feed ingredients at current prices from suppliers and
 to a limited extent
 directly from farmers. Feed grains are available from an adequate number of sources. Although the Registrant has not experienced and does not anticipate problems in securing adequate supplies of feed grains
 price fluctuations of feed grains have a direct and material effect upon the Registrant&#8217;s profitability. Although the Registrant attempts to manage the risk of volatile price changes in grain markets by sometimes purchasing grain at current prices for future delivery
&#32;Once broilers reach processing weight
 they are transported to the Registrant&#8217;s processing plants. These plants use modern
 highly automated equipment to process and package the chickens. The Registrant&#8217;s McComb
 Mississippi processing plant operates two processing lines on a double shift basis and had the capacity to process approximately 1
250
000 chickens per week on October&#160;31
. The Registrant&#8217;s Collins
 Mississippi processing plant operates two processing lines on a double shift basis and had the capacity to process approximately 1
250
000 chickens per week on October&#160;31
. The Registrant&#8217;s Bryan
 Texas processing plant operates two processing lines on a double shift basis and had the capacity to process approximately 1
250
000 chickens per week on October&#160;31
. The Registrant&#8217;s Laurel and Hazlehurst
Hammond
 Louisiana processing plants operate on a double shift basis and collectively had the capacity to process approximately 1
875
000 chickens per week on October&#160;31
. The Registrant&#8217;s Moultrie
 Georgia processing plant operates two processing lines on a double shift basis and had the capacity to process approximately 1
250
000 chickens per week on October&#160;31
. The Registrant&#8217;s Waco
 Texas processing plant operates two processing lines on a double shift basis and had the capacity to process approximately 1
250
000 chickens per week on October&#160;31
. The Registrant&#8217;s Kinston
 North Carolina processing plant operates two processing lines on a double shift basis and had the capacity to process approximately 1
250
000 chickens per week on October&#160;31
. At October&#160;31
 
Sanderson Farms
&#32;The facilities of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Foods Division) are located in Flowood
 Mississippi in a plant with approximately 75
000 square feet of refrigerated manufacturing and storage space. The plant uses highly automated equipment to prepare
&#32;The Registrant&#8217;s laboratory and corporate offices are located on separate sites in Laurel
 Mississippi. The office building houses the Company&#8217;s corporate offices
 meeting facilities and computer equipment and constitutes the corporate headquarters. As of October&#160;31
 
 the Registrant operated 11 automotive maintenance shops
 which service approximately 967 Registrant over-the-road and farm vehicles. In addition
 the Registrant has one child care facility located near its Collins
 Mississippi processing plant
 serving over 150 children on October&#160;31
The Registrant believes that quality control is important to its business and conducts quality control activities throughout all aspects of its operations. The Registrant believes these activities are beneficial to efficient production and in assuring its customers receive wholesome
From its company owned laboratory in Laurel
 Mississippi
 the Director of Technical Services supervises the operation of a modern
 well-equipped laboratory which
 among other things
 monitors sanitation at the hatcheries
 quality and purity of the Registrant&#8217;s feed ingredients and feed
 the health of the Registrant&#8217;s breeder flocks and broilers
 and conducts microbiological tests of live chickens
The Registrant&#8217;s facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various federal and state agencies
 including
 but not limited to
 the Federal Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (&#8220;USDA&#8221;)
 the Environmental Protection Agency
 the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and corresponding state agencies. The Registrant&#8217;s chicken processing plants are subject to continuous on-site inspection by the USDA. The Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Foods Division) prepared chicken plant operates under the USDA&#8217;s Total Quality Control Program
The Registrant takes extensive precautions to ensure that its flocks are healthy and that its processing plants and other facilities operate in a healthy and environmentally sound manner. Events beyond the control of the Registrant
 however
 such as an outbreak of disease in its flocks or the adoption by governmental agencies of more stringent regulations
The primary methods of competition are price
 product quality
 number of products offered
&#8220;Business &#8212; Sales and Marketing&#8221;. Although poultry is relatively inexpensive in comparison with other meats
 the Registrant competes indirectly with the producers of other meats and fish
One customer accounted for more than 10% of the Registrant&#8217;s consolidated sales for the years ended October&#160;31
 
. Sales to that customer accounted for 15.9%
 14.2% and 13.0% of the Company&#8217;s consolidated net sales in fiscal 
 
 respectively. The Company does not believe the loss of any single customer would have a material adverse effect on the Company because it could sell poultry earmarked for any single customer to alternative customers at market prices.
 the Registrant purchased its pullets and cockerels from a single major breeder. The Registrant has found the genetic breeds or cross breeds supplied by this company produce chickens most suitable to the Registrant&#8217;s purposes. The Registrant has no written contracts with this breeder for the supply of breeder stock. Other sources of breeder stock are available
Should breeder stock from its present supplier not be available for any reason
Other major raw materials used by the Registrant include feed grains and other feed ingredients
The Registrant has registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office the trademark Sanderson Farms&#174;
The Registrant
 over the years
 has developed important non-public proprietary information regarding product related matters. While the Registrant has internal safeguards and procedures to protect the confidentiality of such information
As of October&#160;31
 
 the Registrant had 11
461 employees
 including 1
471 salaried and 9
990 hourly employees. A collective bargaining agreement with the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union covering 474 hourly employees who work at the Registrant&#8217;s processing plant in Hammond
 Louisiana expires on November&#160;30
The production
 maintenance and clean-up employees at the Company&#8217;s Bryan
 Texas poultry processing facility are represented by the United Food and Commercial Workers Union Local #408
 AFL-CIO. A collective bargaining agreement covering 1
248 employees expires on December&#160;31
 2014
 and negotiations are ongoing to extend this agreement. The collective bargaining agreement has a grievance procedure and no strike-no lockout clause that should assist in maintaining stable labor relations at the Bryan
 Texas processing facility.
 
&#32;totaled approximately $2
556.7 million
 $2
457.8 million and $2
126.5 million
The Company sells certain of its products to foreign customers and customers who resell the product in foreign markets. These foreign markets are primarily Russia
 Eastern Europe
 China
 Mexico and the Caribbean. These gross export sales for fiscal years 
&#32;totaled approximately $282.3 million
 $292.6 million and $318.7 million
Our address on the World Wide Web is http://www.sandersonfarms.com. The information on our web site is not a part of this document. Our annual reports on Form 10-K
 our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 our current reports on Form 8-K
 and all amendments to those reports and the Company&#8217;s corporate code of conduct are available
 free of charge
In addition to the other information set forth in this report
 you should carefully consider the following factors
 which could materially affect our business
 financial condition or results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business
Industry cyclicality can affect our earnings
Profitability in the poultry industry is materially affected by the commodity prices of feed ingredients
 chicken
 and
 to a lesser extent
 alternative proteins. These prices are determined by supply and demand factors
 and supply and demand factors in respect of feed ingredients and chicken may not correlate. As a result
 the poultry industry is subject to wide fluctuations that are called cycles. For example
 grain prices during 2011 were high
 while prices for chicken products did not increase proportionally
 and the Company lost money. During 2012 and 2013
 grain prices remained high
 but market prices for chicken also increased
 and the Company was profitable. During fiscal 2014
 grain prices declined while market prices for chicken increased
 and the Company earned near record-high margins. Typically we do well when chicken prices are high and feed prices are low. We do less well
 and sometimes have losses
Various factors can affect the supply of corn and soybean meal
 which are the primary ingredients of the feed we use. In particular
 global weather patterns
 including adverse weather conditions that may result from climate change
 the global level of supply inventories and demand for feed ingredients
 currency fluctuations and the agricultural and energy policies of the United States and foreign governments all affect the supply of feed ingredients. Weather patterns often change agricultural conditions in an unpredictable manner. A sudden and significant change in weather patterns could affect supplies of feed ingredients
 as well as both the industry&#8217;s and our ability to obtain feed ingredients
 grow chickens or deliver products. For example
 historic drought conditions in the Midwestern United States in 2012 had a significant adverse effect on the supply and price of feed grains in fiscal 2012 and the first three quarters of 2013. In recent years
Increases in the prices of feed ingredients will result in increases in raw material costs and operating costs. Because prices for our products are related to the commodity prices of chickens
 which depend on the supply and demand dynamics of fresh chicken
 we typically are not able to increase our product prices to offset these increased grain costs. We periodically enter into contracts to purchase feed ingredients at current prices for future delivery to manage our feed ingredient costs. This practice could reduce
 but does not eliminate
 the risk of increased operating costs from commodity price increases. In addition
 if we are unsuccessful in our grain buying strategy
Prepared chicken and poultry inventories
 and inventories of feed
 eggs
 medication
 packaging supplies and live chickens
 are stated on our balance sheet at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out method) or market value. Our cost of sales is calculated during a period by adding the value of our inventories at the beginning of the period to the cost of growing
 processing and distributing products produced during the period and subtracting the value of our inventories at the end of the period. If the market prices of our inventories are below the accumulated cost of those inventories at the end of a period
For example
 for the fiscal year ended October&#160;31
 2011
 we recorded a charge of $9 million to lower the value of live broiler inventories on hand at that date from cost to estimated market value because the estimated market price for the products to be produced from those live chickens
 when sold
 was estimated to be below the estimated cost to grow
 process and distribute those chickens. The $9 million adjustment to inventory on October&#160;31
 2011
 effectively absorbed into fiscal 2011 a portion of the costs to grow
 process and distribute chickens that we would have otherwise incurred in the first quarter of fiscal 2012
 thereby benefiting fiscal 2012. Any similar adjustments that we make in the future could be material
Outbreaks of avian disease
 such as avian influenza
 or the perception that outbreaks may occur
We take reasonable precautions to ensure that our flocks are healthy and that our processing plants and other facilities operate in a sanitary and environmentally sound manner. Nevertheless
 events beyond our control
 such as the outbreak of avian disease
 even if it does not affect our flocks
 could significantly restrict our ability to conduct our operations or our sales. An outbreak of disease could result in governmental restrictions on the import and export of fresh and frozen chicken
 including our fresh and frozen chicken products
 or other products to or from our suppliers
 facilities or customers
 or require us to destroy one or more of our flocks. This could result in the cancellation of orders by our customers and create adverse publicity that may have a material adverse effect on our business
 reputation and prospects. In addition
 world-wide fears about avian disease
 such as avian influenza
 have
 in the past
 depressed demand for fresh chicken
In previous years there has been substantial publicity regarding a highly pathogenic Asian strain of avian influenza
 or AI
 known as H5N1
 which has affected Asia since 2002 and which has been found in Europe
 the Middle East and Africa. It is widely believed that this strain of AI is spread by migratory birds
 such as ducks and geese. There have also been some cases where this strain of AI is believed to have passed from birds to humans as humans came into contact with live birds that were infected with the disease. During the first calendar quarter of 2013
 there was also substantial publicity regarding a low pathogenic strain of avian influenza
 known as H7N9
 which affected eastern and northern China. It is widely believed that H7N9 circulates in wild birds and may have been transmitted to domestic poultry in live bird markets in and around Shanghai and Beijing. It is also believed that the virus has passed from live birds to humans as humans came into contact with live birds that were infected with the disease. Through May 2013
 the virus was believed to have sickened at least 130 people and caused at least 33 deaths. There have been no reported incidents of the virus since May 2013. No human to human transmission of the disease has been proved
 and there is no evidence to suggest that the consumption of properly prepared and cooked poultry could transmit the virus to humans. However
 fear associated with this outbreak dampened demand for poultry
 including our products
 in the affected areas of China. A recurrence of this outbreak
 or others similar to it
 could have a material negative effect on world demand for poultry
Although the Asian strains of AI have not been identified in North America
 there have been outbreaks of both low and high pathogenic strains of avian influenza in North America
 including in the U.S. in 2002 and 2004 and in Mexico in 2005 and 2012. In addition
 low pathogenic strains of the AI virus were detected in wild birds in the United States in 2006. During fiscal 2013
 a highly pathogenic strain of avian influenza
 known as H7N3
 affected live poultry in several states in central Mexico. The Company has no operations in Mexico
 and our live chickens have not been affected by this outbreak. However
 in an effort to prevent the spread of the virus
 the Mexican government and poultry industry reportedly culled approximately 27.5&#160;million birds and undertook an extensive vaccination program in the affected areas of the country. These practices reduced the supply of available poultry in Mexico
 and increased demand in Mexico for poultry produced in the United States
 including our products. Although the outbreaks in North America have not generated the same level of concern
 or received the same level of publicity or been accompanied by the same reduction in demand for poultry products in certain countries as that associated with the Asian strains
 they have nevertheless impacted our sales. Accordingly
 even if the Asian strains do not spread to North America
 we cannot assure you that they will not materially adversely affect domestic or international demand for poultry produced in North America
 and
 if they were to spread to North America
 we cannot assure you that they would not significantly affect our operations or the demand for our products
 in each case in a manner having a material adverse effect on our business
Nearly all of our customers are based in the United States
 but some of our product is sold directly to foreign customers
 and some of our United States based customers resell poultry products in the export markets. Our chicken products are sold in Russia and other former Soviet countries
 China and Mexico
&#32;were to export markets
 including approximately $91.2&#160;million to Mexico
 $62.1 million to China and $36.0 million to Russia. Any disruption to the export markets
 such as trade embargoes
 tariffs
 import bans
 duties or quotas could materially impact our sales or create an oversupply of chicken in the United States. This
 in turn
On February 5
 2010
 China announced that it would impose anti-dumping duties on U.S. chicken products beginning on February 13
 2010. The duty applicable to Sanderson Farms products was 64.5%. On April 28
 2010
 China imposed countervailing duties on United States chicken products
 raising the duty applicable to Sanderson Farms&#8217; products by 6.1% to 70.6%. A challenge to China&#8217;s anti-dumping determination was filed by the U.S. Government with the World Trade Organization (WTO)
 which ruled in favor of the U.S. on September 25
 2013.  China did not appeal the WTO ruling. On July 8
 2014
 China announced that it had re-investigated charges that United States chicken exporters dump product in the China domestic market
 causing substantial harm to the local industry. Despite the WTO&#8217;s findings
 China announced that its re-investigation revealed that United States exporters continue to dump product into the local China market.  While China announced lower anti-dumping tariffs on certain United States producers in its July 8
 2014 announcement
increased on most United States producers
 including Sanderson Farms.  The United States government continues to believe that the WTO ruling was correct and that China&#8217;s anti-dumping determination lacks merit.  Accordingly
 the United States government intends to challenge China&#8217;s most recent actions at the WTO
&#32;On August 6
 2012
 Mexico imposed anti-dumping duties on chicken drumstick and thigh imports from the United States
 establishing the duty applicable to Sanderson Farms&#8217; products at 25.7%.  However
 Mexico suspended the implementation of the duties amidst concerns that food inflation may occur as a result. While we do not know whether or when Mexico might impose the anti-dumping duties
 their implementation could reduce our revenues and profits. On October 2
 2012
 pursuant to the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)
 the U.S. poultry industry
 including Sanderson Farms
 Inc.
On August 8
 2014
 Russia announced economic sanctions against countries that have imposed economic sanctions on Russia in response to Russia&#8217;s recent actions in Ukraine.  The Russian sanctions include a ban on imports of chicken from the United States.  During fiscal 2014
 Sanderson Farms sold approximately 90.9 million pounds of chicken for approximately $36.0 million to customers who resold the product in Russia.  Unlike previous Russian bans on United States poultry imports when Russia represented a much larger share of total industry exports
In general
Competitive factors vary by major markets. In the food service market
 competition is based on consistent quality
 product development
 service and price. In the U.S. retail grocery market
 we believe that competition is based on product quality
 brand awareness
&#32;fiscal year. Our non-chill pack customers
 with all of whom we do not have long-term contracts
 could significantly reduce or cease their purchases from us with little or no advance notice
Consumer preferences evolve over time and the success of our food products depends on our ability to identify the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences. We introduce new products and improved products from time to time and incur significant development and marketing cost. If our products fail to meet consumer preference
Inclement weather
 such as excessive heat or storms
 could hurt our flocks
Extreme weather in the Gulf South and Mid-Atlantic regions where we operate
 such as extreme temperatures
 hurricanes or other storms
 could impair the health or growth of our flocks or interfere with our hatching
 production or shipping operations. Some scientists believe that climate change could increase the frequency and severity of adverse weather events. Extreme weather
 regardless of its cause
 could affect our business due to power outages; fuel shortages; damage to infrastructure from powerful winds
routine operating practices necessitated by adverse weather or increased costs of insurance coverage in the aftermath of such events
 among other things. Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. We may not be able to recover through insurance all of the damages
 losses or costs that may result from weather events
We depend substantially on the leadership of a small number of executive officers and other key employees. We have employment agreements with only three of these persons (our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
 our President and Chief Operating Officer
 and our Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer)
 and those with whom we have no agreement would not be bound by non-competition agreements or non-solicitation agreements if they were to leave us. The loss of the services of these persons could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. In addition
 we may not be able to attract
 retain and train the new management personnel we need for our new complexes
We depend on the availability of
 and good relations with
We have approximately 11
461 employees
 approximately 15.0% of which are covered by collective bargaining agreements. In addition
 we contract with approximately 794 independent contract poultry producers in Mississippi
 Texas
 North Carolina and Georgia for the grow-out of our breeder and broiler stock and the production of broiler eggs. Our operations depend on the availability of labor and contract growers and maintaining good relations with these persons and with labor unions. If we fail to maintain good relations with our employees or with the unions
 we may experience labor strikes or work stoppages. If we do not attract and maintain contracts with our growers
 including new growers for our new poultry complexes
We depend on accurate and timely information and numerical data from key software applications to aid our day-to-day business
 financial reporting and decision-making and
 in many cases
 proprietary and custom-designed software is necessary to operate equipment in our feed mills
 hatcheries and processing plants. We have put in place disaster recovery plans for our critical systems. However
 any disruption caused by the failure of these systems
 the underlying equipment
 or communication networks could delay or otherwise adversely impact our day-to-day business and decision making
 could make it impossible for us to operate critical equipment
 and could have a materially adverse effect on our performance
 if our disaster recovery plans do not mitigate the disruption. Disruptions could be caused by a variety of factors
 such as catastrophic events or weather
 power outages
Immigration reform continues to attract significant attention in the public arena and the United States Congress. If new immigration legislation is enacted at the federal level or in states in which we do business
 such legislation may contain provisions that could make it more difficult or costly for us to hire United States citizens and/or legal immigrant workers. In such case
 we may incur additional costs to run our business or may have to change the way we conduct our operations
 either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition. Also
 despite our past and continuing efforts to hire only United States citizens and/or persons legally authorized to work in the United States
 increased enforcement efforts with respect to existing immigration laws by governmental authorities may disrupt a portion of our workforce or our operations at one or more of our facilities
If our poultry products become contaminated
Poultry products may contain disease-producing organisms
 or pathogens
 such as Listeria monocytogenes
 Salmonella and generic E. coli. These pathogens are generally found in the environment and
 as a result
 there is a risk that they
 as a result of food processing
 could be present in our processed poultry products. These pathogens can also be introduced as a result of improper handling by our customers
 consumers or third parties after we have shipped the products. We control these risks through careful processing and testing of our finished product
 but we cannot entirely eliminate them. We have little
 if any
 control over proper handling once the product has been shipped. Nevertheless
 contamination that results from improper handling by our customers
 consumers or third parties
 or tampering with our products by those persons
Any publicity regarding product contamination or resulting illness or death could adversely affect us even if we did not cause the contamination and could have a material adverse effect on our business
We are exposed to risks relating to product liability
 product recalls
 property damage and injuries to persons
 for which insurance coverage is expensive
Our business operations entail a number of risks
 including risks relating to product liability claims
 product recalls
 property damage and injuries to persons. We currently maintain insurance with respect to certain of these risks
 including product liability and recall insurance
 property insurance
 workers compensation insurance and general liability insurance
We would be adversely affected if we expand our business by acquiring other businesses or by building new processing plants
We regularly evaluate expansion opportunities such as acquiring other businesses or building new processing plants. Significant expansion involves risks such as additional debt
 integrating the acquired business or new plant into our operations
 attracting and retaining growers
 and identifying customers for the additional product we generate. In evaluating expansion opportunities
 we carefully consider the effect that financing the opportunity will have on our financial condition. Successful expansion depends on our ability to integrate the acquired business or efficiently run the new plant. If we are unable to do this
 expansion could adversely affect our operations
The poultry industry is subject to federal
 state
 local and foreign governmental regulation relating to the processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising
 labeling
 quality and safety of food products. Unknown matters
 new laws and regulations
 or stricter interpretations of existing laws or regulations may materially affect our business or operations in the future. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to administrative penalties and civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions and recalls of our products. Our operations are also subject to extensive and increasingly stringent regulations administered by the Environmental Protection Agency
 which pertain to the discharge of materials into the environment and the handling and disposition of wastes. Failure to comply with these regulations can have serious consequences
The removal of federal meat and poultry inspectors from our plants due to federal government budget constraints
 or any other reason
The Poultry Products Inspection Act prohibits the production
 processing or interstate distribution of poultry meat without federal inspection. To implement this law
The Budget Control Act of 2011 mandates mandatory cuts in the budgets of many governmental agencies in the United States. Such cuts
 commonly referred to as &#8220;sequestration
&#8221; took effect on March&#160;1
In a letter dated February&#160;12
 2013
 Thomas J. Vilsack
 the U.S. Secretary of Agriculture
 indicated that while furloughing food safety inspectors is the &#8220;last option&#8221; the USDA would implement to achieve necessary sequestration cuts
 such action may be necessary in order to comply with the mandates of the Budget Control Act of 2011. Because applicable law would prohibit us from operating our poultry processing plants without the presence of federal inspectors
 we would have to shut down our processing plants and our live chickens would continue to mature
 possibly reaching weights that exceed the market standards demanded by our customers. In addition
To date
 funding for meat inspectors has been provided at levels adequate to allow uninterrupted operations. However
 if funding for the USDA inspection program is not maintained
The market price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors such as the following
market cyclicality and fluctuations in the price of feed grains and chicken products
quarterly variations in our operating results
changes in investor perceptions of the poultry industry in general
In addition
 purchases or sales of large quantities of our stock
 or significant short positions in our stock
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter and by-laws
 as well as certain provisions of Mississippi law
Our articles of incorporation and by-laws contain provisions that may discourage attempts to acquire control of our company without the approval of our board of directors. These provisions
 among others
 include a classified board of directors
 advance notification requirements for stockholders to nominate persons for election to the board and to make stockholder proposals
 and special stockholder voting requirements. These measures
 and any others we may adopt in the future
 as well as applicable provisions of Mississippi law
 may discourage offers to acquire us and may permit our board of directors to choose not to entertain offers to purchase us
 even offers that are at a substantial premium to the market price of our stock. Our stockholders may therefore be deprived of opportunities to profit from a sale of control of our company
 and as a result
Our business may be adversely affected by weak national or global economic conditions
 including inflation
 unfavorable currency exchange rates and interest rates
 the lack of availability of credit on reasonable terms
 changes in consumer spending rates and habits
 unemployment and underemployment
 and a tight energy supply and rising energy costs. Our business could be negatively impacted if efforts and initiatives of the governments of the United States and other countries to manage and stimulate the economy fail or result in worsening economic conditions. Deteriorating economic conditions could negatively impact consumer demand for protein generally or our products specifically
 consumers&#8217; ability to afford our products
Disruptions in credit and other financial markets caused by deteriorating or weak national and international economic conditions could
 among other things
 make it more difficult for us
 our customers or our growers or prospective growers to obtain financing and credit on reasonable terms
 cause lenders to change their practice with respect to the industry generally or our company specifically in terms of granting credit extensions and terms
 impair the financial condition of our customers
 suppliers or growers making it difficult for them to meet their obligations and supply raw material
 or impair the financial condition of our insurers
In August 2009
 we began construction of a poultry complex in Kinston
 North Carolina. The Kinston
 North Carolina
 complex began initial operations during January 2011 and was at near full capacity in March 2012. On February&#160;14
 2013
 we announced the selection of sites in and near Palestine
 Texas for the construction of a new poultry complex
 and construction began on or about October&#160;1
 2013. Our ability to complete its construction on a timely basis and within budget is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties described below. In addition
In order to complete construction of the new Palestine
 Texas facility and begin operations
 we will need to take a significant number of steps and obtain a number of approvals
If we are unable to complete construction on schedule
 attract growers
 find customers for the additional product generated by the complex
 run the complex efficiently
 or otherwise achieve the expected benefits of our new facilities
We cannot assure you that we will be able to complete such steps on a timely basis
 or at all
Location (City
Poultry processing plant
Laurel
Poultry processing plant
McComb
Poultry processing plant
Hazlehurst and Gallman
Poultry processing plant
Bryan and Robertson Counties
Poultry processing plant
Moultrie and Adel
Poultry processing plant
Kinston and Lenoir County
Poultry processing plant
Palestine and Freestone County
Waco
Hammond
Poultry processing plant
 hatchery
Collins
Flowood
Laurel
The Registrant owns substantially all of its major operating facilities with the following exceptions: one processing plant and feed mill complex is leased on an annual renewal basis through 2063 with an option to purchase at a nominal amount at the end of the lease term. One processing plant complex is leased under four leases
 which are renewable annually through 2061
 2063
 2075 and 2073
There are no material encumbrances on the major operating facilities owned by the Registrant
 except that
 under the terms of the Company&#8217;s revolving credit agreement
Management believes that the Company&#8217;s facilities are suitable for its current purposes
As reported in Item&#160;3 of the Company&#8217;s Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October&#160;31
 2013
 and in its Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January&#160;31
 2014
 two of our former employees filed a complaint on February&#160;16
 2012
as a class action lawsuit on behalf of all legally authorized hourly employees who worked at the Moultrie plant in the four years before the filing of the case. The plaintiffs sued for money damages
On September&#160;13
 2012
 the Court entered an Order granting a motion to dismiss the Complaint. After an Amended Complaint was filed by the plaintiffs on October&#160;5
 2012
 the Company filed a motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint on October&#160;29
 2012. On February&#160;5
 2013
 the Court granted the Company&#8217;s motion to dismiss and entered an Order dismissing the Amended Complaint with prejudice. The plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal with the United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit on February&#160;8
 2013. On March&#160;7
 2014
The Company is involved in various other claims and litigation incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be determined with certainty
 management
 upon the advice of counsel
The Company recognizes the costs of legal defense for the legal proceedings to which it is a party in the periods incurred. After a considerable analysis of each case
 the Company determines the amount of reserves required
 if any. At this time
 the Company has not accrued any reserve for any of these matters. Future reserves may be required if losses are deemed reasonably estimable and probable due to changes in the Company&#8217;s assumptions
 the effectiveness of legal strategies
Joe F. Sanderson
President and Chief Operating Officer
Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer
Joe F. Sanderson
 Jr. has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant since November&#160;1
 1989
 and as Chairman of the Board since January&#160;8
 1998. Mr.&#160;Sanderson served as President from November&#160;1
 1989
 to October&#160;21
 2004. From January 1984 to November 1989
 Mr.&#160;Sanderson served as Vice-President
Lampkin Butts was elected President and Chief Operating Officer of the Registrant effective October&#160;21
 2004. From November&#160;1
 1996
 to October&#160;21
 2004
 Mr.&#160;Butts served as Vice President &#8212; Sales and was elected to the Board of Directors on February&#160;19
 1998. Prior to that time
Mike Cockrell became Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant effective November&#160;1
 1993
 and was elected to the Board of Directors on February&#160;19
 1998. Prior to that time
 for more than five years
 Mr.&#160;Cockrell was a member and shareholder of the Jackson
 Mississippi law firm of Wise Carter Child&#160;&amp; Caraway
Tim Rigney became Secretary of the Registrant effective November&#160;1
 2012. Mr.&#160;Rigney also began service as Chief Accounting Officer on that date. Prior to that time
The Company entered into employment agreements with Messrs. Sanderson
 Butts and Cockrell dated as of September&#160;15
 2009. The term of the agreements ends when the officer&#8217;s employment terminates under the provisions of the agreement. The agreements provide for severance payments to be paid to the officers if their employment is terminated in certain circumstances
Market for the Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
December&#160;12
 2014
 was 3
December&#160;12
 2014
&#32;fiscal quarter
Aug. 1 - Aug. 31
1
000
Sep. 1 - Sep. 30
1
1
1
000
Oct. 1 - Oct. 31
43
43
1
000
44
44
1
000
All purchases were made pursuant to the Company&#8217;s Stock Incentive Plan adopted February&#160;17
 2011
On February 24
 2014
 the Company's Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program under which the Company may purchase up to one million shares of its common stock in open market transactions or negotiated purchases
 subject to market conditions
 share price and other considerations. The authorization will expire on February 24
 2017. Unlike the Company's previous share repurchase programs
Year Ended October&#160;31
(In thousands
2
774
2
682
2
386
1
978
1
925
381
205
96
(188
209
249
130
53
(127
134
363
269
262
324
238
1
111
924
896
948
841
Long-term debt
10
29
150
273
62
897
671
550
506
645
This Annual Report
 and other periodic reports filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 and other written or oral statements made by it or on its behalf
 may include forward-looking statements
 which are based on a number of assumptions about future events and are subject to various risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the views
 beliefs and estimates expressed in such statements. These risks
 uncertainties and other factors include
Changes in the market price for the Company&#8217;s finished products and feed grains
Changes in economic and business conditions
 monetary and fiscal policies or the amount of growth
 stagnation or recession in the global or U.S. economies
 either of which may affect the value of inventories
 the collectability of accounts receivable or the financial integrity of customers
Changes in the political or economic climate
 trade policies
 laws and regulations or the domestic poultry industry of countries to which the Company or other companies in the poultry industry ship product
Changes in laws
 regulations
 and other activities in government agencies and similar organizations applicable to the Company and the poultry industry and changes in laws
Various inventory risks due to changes in market conditions
 including
 but not limited to
 the risk that market values of live and processed poultry inventories might be lower than the cost of such inventories
Changes in and effects of competition
 which is significant in all markets in which the Company competes
 and the effectiveness of marketing and advertising programs. The Company competes with regional and national firms
Disease outbreaks affecting the production performance and/or marketability of the Company&#8217;s poultry products
Inclement weather that could hurt Company flocks or otherwise adversely affect its operations
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Sanderson Farms. Each such statement speaks only as of the day it was made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or to revise any forward-looking statements. The factors described above cannot be controlled by the Company. When used in this annual report
 the words &#8220;believes&#8221;
 &#8220;estimates&#8221;
 &#8220;plans&#8221;
 &#8220;expects&#8221;
 &#8220;should&#8221;
 &#8220;outlook&#8221;
 and &#8220;anticipates&#8221; and similar expressions as they relate to the Company or its management are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements of the Company&#8217;s belief about future demand for its products
 future production levels
The Company&#8217;s poultry operations are integrated through its control of all functions relative to the production of its chicken products
 including hatching egg production
 hatching
 feed manufacturing
 raising chickens to marketable age (&#8220;grow-out&#8221;)
 processing and marketing. Consistent with the poultry industry
 the Company&#8217;s profitability is substantially impacted by the market price for its finished products and feed grains
 both of which may fluctuate substantially and exhibit cyclical characteristics typically associated with commodity markets. Other costs
 excluding feed grains
 related to the profitability of the Company&#8217;s poultry operations
 including hatching egg production
 hatching
 growing
 and processing cost
 are responsive to efficient cost containment programs and management practices. Over the past three fiscal years
The Company believes that value-added products are subject to less price volatility and generate higher
 more consistent profit margin than whole chickens ice packed and shipped in bulk form. To reduce its exposure to market cyclicality that has historically characterized commodity chicken market prices
 the Company has increasingly concentrated on the production and marketing of value-added product lines with emphasis on product quality
 customer service
 and brand recognition. However
 the Company cannot eliminate its exposure to fluctuations in commodity market prices for chicken since market prices for value added products also exhibit cyclicality. The Company adds value to its poultry products by performing one or more processing steps beyond the stage where the whole chicken is first salable as a finished product
 such as cutting
 deboning
 deep chilling
The Company&#8217;s prepared chicken product line includes approximately 130 institutional and consumer packaged chicken items that it sells nationally
Whole bird prices per pound
 as measured by the Georgia Dock price
October&#160;31
 2014
Sanderson Farms began operations at its new feed mill
 poultry processing plant and hatchery on separate sites in Kinston and Lenoir County
 North Carolina during the first quarter of fiscal 2011. The Kinston facilities comprise a poultry complex with the capacity to process 1.25 million birds per week for the retail chill pack market at full capacity. The facility reached near full capacity during March 2012
On February&#160;14
 2013
 the Company announced the selection of sites in and near Palestine
 Texas
 for the construction of its next poultry complex
 and construction of the complex began on or about October&#160;1
 2013. The new complex will consist of a feed mill
 hatchery
On October&#160;24
 2013
 the Company entered into a new revolving credit facility to
 among other things
 increase the total committed credit from $500.0 million to $600.0 million. The new facility also increased the annual capital expenditure limitation to $65.0 million for fiscal years 2013 through 2018
 plus
 for each year
 up to $10.0 million carryover from the preceding fiscal year
 when it is not actually spent in that year. The capital expenditure limitation for fiscal 
 with the permitted carry over
 was $75.0 million. On October 29
 2014
 the Company entered into an amendment to the existing agreement's capital expenditure covenants. The amendment increases the annual capital expenditure limitation to $75.0 million
 and the allowable carryover to $15.0 million for fiscal years 2015 - 2018. The amendment also increases the amount the Company is allowed to spend on the construction of its new complex in Palestine
 Texas. Under the original facility
 the Company was allowed to spend up to $140.0 million each in capital expenditures on the construction of two new poultry complexes to be located anywhere in the United States
 which expenditures are in addition to the annual overall capital expenditure limits. Under the amendment
 the amount allowed to be spent on construction of the new Palestine
 Texas complex is increased to $155.0 million
 while the original $140.0 million covenant amount remains in place for construction of a second potential complex. Under the facility
 the Company may not exceed a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of 55% from the date of the agreement through October&#160;30
 2014
 and 50% thereafter. The Company has a one-time right
 at any time during the term of the agreement
 to increase the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio then in effect by five percentage points in connection with the construction of either of the two potential new poultry complexes for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at October&#160;31
 
 was $613.6 million. The credit remains unsecured and
 unless extended
 will expire on October&#160;24
On October&#160;9
 2008
 the Company announced that it filed a Form S-3 &#8220;shelf&#8221; registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register for possible future sale of shares of the Company&#8217;s common and/or preferred stock at an aggregate offering price not to exceed $1.0 billion. The Company sold 2.3&#160;million shares of its common stock pursuant to this registration statement on April&#160;7
 2010
 at $53.00 per share. Under SEC rules
 a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 expires after three years. The Company filed its latest renewal S-3 on October 8
 2014 to register for possible future sale shares of the Company's common and/or preferred stock at an aggregate offering price not to exceed $1.0 billion. The stock may be offered by the Company in amounts
The Company&#8217;s margins improved during fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013
 reflecting significantly lower grain prices and slightly higher average sales prices for poultry products. Demand for fresh chicken in the retail grocery store market has been strong
 and market prices for product sold to retail grocery store customers remained at or near record-high levels through most of fiscal 2014. While customer traffic through food service establishments remains under pressure due to relatively weak employment numbers and consumer confidence
Beginning in July 2012
 the Company experienced historically high prices for both corn and soybean meal due to the impact on the quality and quantity of the 2012 corn and soybean crops of drought conditions in the Midwestern United States. During fiscal 2013
 both corn and soybean meal stabilized below the highs they set in August 2012
 but remained high relative to historical averages. While the 2013 United States corn and soybean crops were planted late as a result of wet weather
 cash market prices for both corn and soybean meal moved lower as we moved into the harvest season during our fourth fiscal quarter of 2013
 and although the Company's prices paid for soybean meal were flat in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
 prices paid for corn were well below last year's prices. During fiscal 2014
 as compared to fiscal 2013
 the average feed cost in broiler flocks processed was 18.0% lower. American farmers produced record crops of both corn and soybeans during 2014
 and market prices for both have moved lower compared to last year. The Company has priced little of its grain needs past December 2014. Had it priced its remaining fiscal year 2015 needs at December 10
 2014 cash market prices
 its cost of feed grains would be approximately $22.0 million lower during fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
 which includes the estimated additional volume that will be needed to feed the birds at the new Palestine
$2
$2
683.0 million
$2
$2
&#32;million
 respectively
3
&#32;pounds of poultry products
3
. The additional pounds of poultry products sold resulted from slightly higher bird weights
 offset by a 0.2% decrease in the number of chickens sold. Overall
&#32;by 3.7% and 14.9%
 respectively
 while average market prices for jumbo wings and bulk leg quarters decreased by 19.9% and 9.6%
 respectively
 for the same period. The price for Georgia Dock whole birds
 which reached its historical high during the Company&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter of 
 averaged 5.7% higher during fiscal 
 respectively
 or 
 resulting from a 
&#32;pounds of prepared chicken products
$2
$2
377.1 million
 
$2
$2
285.4 million
 respectively
 
. As illustrated in the table below
 the 
(In thousands
October&#160;31
October&#160;31
32
32
1
020
1
237
(216
1
078
1
047
30
24
32
(7
2
106
2
285
(178
67
63
3
057
3
040
3
045
3
031
61
67
Other costs of sales of poultry products include labor
 contract grower pay
 packaging
 freight and certain fixed costs
&#32;and 2013 respectively
&#32;per pound processed
 or 
 during fiscal 
 
 or 
&#32;increase in the pounds of prepared chicken products sold. The increase in the pounds of prepared chicken products sold was a result of new customers added during the year and
 to a lesser extent
October&#160;31
&#32;at cost. When market conditions are favorable
 the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost
 and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be higher than the anticipated sales price
October&#160;31
October&#160;31
Selling
 general and administrative costs during fiscal 
 respectively
. The following table shows the components of selling
October&#160;31
Selling
October&#160;31
October&#160;31
26
24
15
8
12
7
11
8
9
5
7
1
5
5
2
1
Nash County
1
All other S
44
38
Total S
139
100
As illustrated in the table above
in selling
&#32;resulted from a $16.1 million increase in labor costs including payroll and stock-based and incentive based compensation. Additional areas where selling
 general and administrative costs increased include marketing expense by $6.8 million
 start-up expense by $5.7 million
 trainee expense by $3.9 million and Sanderson Farms Championship expense by $2.7 million. The increase in marketing expense results from the Company's decision to launch a new series of television advertisements during 2014 to build brand recognition and loyalty
 which campaign is expected to continue into fiscal 2015. The increase in start-up expense relates to the start-up of the Company's new poultry complex in Palestine
 Texas. Costs associated with that facility's start-up will be included in selling
 general and administrative costs until the point that facility begins processing birds. The increase in trainee expense is attributable to an increase in trainee staff. The Sanderson Farms Championship is a PGA TOUR event for which the Company is committed as the title sponsor for years 2013 through 2016. Given the Company's commitment to be the title sponsor over that period
 we are committed to increasing the tournament's exposure for the benefit of the charities it supports
 as well as the Company. Accordingly
 the Company incurred greater expenses during fiscal 2014 when compared to fiscal 2013. Partially offsetting the increases listed above is a $1.8 million decrease in expenses related to the previously planned construction of a new facility in Nash County
 North Carolina. Regarding that planned construction
 the Company previously capitalized $800
000 in various charges. On November 13
 2012
 the Company announced that Nash County
 North Carolina would no longer be considered as a potential site for the new facility. Accordingly
 the Company expensed the related charges in the first quarter of fiscal 2013. Additionally
 upon determining that Nash County would no longer be considered as a potential site for the new facility
 the Company chose to reimburse Nash County and its related economic development organization approximately $1.0 million in legal fees incurred by those entities during the planning phase of the expansion
. The improvement in the Company&#8217;s operating margin resulted primarily from lower costs of feed grains and improved market prices of poultry products during fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013
 as described above.
. Additionally
&#32;the Company capitalized $1.1 million of interest related to the construction of the new complex in Palestine
 Texas
 compared to capitalized interest of $75
. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2013 includes an approximate 0.3% discrete favorable benefit recognized in the period related to legislation enacted during the first quarter. The effective tax rate declined from 2013 as a result of the Company's growth in pretax income during 2014. The Company&#8217;s effective tax rate differs from the statutory federal rate due to state income taxes
 certain nondeductible expenses for federal income tax purposes and certain state and federal tax credits.
&#32;per share
The Company&#8217;s margins improved during fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012
 reflecting improved market prices for poultry products
 partially offset by higher grain prices. Demand for fresh chicken in the retail grocery store and export markets was stable
 while customer traffic through casual dining and food service establishments remained under pressure. However
 average market prices for boneless breast meat improved significantly during fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012 primarily
 we believe
 due to the high price of competing proteins
 especially beef
Beginning in July 2012
 the Company experienced historically high prices for both corn and soybean meal due to the impact on the quality and quantity of the 2012 corn and soybean crops of drought conditions in the Midwestern United States. During fiscal 2013
 both corn and soybean meal stabilized below the highs they set in 2012
 but remained high relative to historical averages. During fiscal 2013
 as compared to fiscal 2012
 the average feed cost in broiler flocks processed was 5.7% higher. While the 2013 corn and soybean crops in the United States were planted late as a result of wet weather
 cash market prices for both corn and soybean meal moved lower as we moved into the harvest season during our fourth fiscal quarter of 2013
In light of challenging market conditions that existed during fiscal 2011 and the beginning of fiscal 2012
 the Company reduced production beginning in January 2012 by four percent at all of its facilities except for its new facility in Kinston
 North Carolina
Net sales for fiscal 2013 were $2
683.0 million as compared to $2
386.1 million for fiscal 2012
 an increase of $296.9 million or 12.4%. Net sales of poultry products for fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012 were $2
586.0 million and $2
297.0 million
 respectively
 an increase of $289.0 million or 12.6%. The increase in net sales of poultry products resulted from a 9.6% increase in the average sales price of poultry products sold and a 2.7% increase in the pounds of poultry products sold. During fiscal 2013 the Company sold 3
031.1&#160;million pounds of poultry products
 up from 2
951.8&#160;million pounds during fiscal 2012. The additional pounds of poultry products sold resulted from slightly higher bird weights
 a 1.0% increase in the number of chickens sold
 primarily attributable to the Company&#8217;s return to full production at all facilities during fiscal 2013
 as well as the new Kinston complex
 which began initial operation during the first quarter of fiscal 2011 and reached near full capacity during March 2012. The complex sold 346.6&#160;million pounds
 or 11.4% of the total poultry pounds sold by the Company during fiscal 2013
 up from 311.5&#160;million pounds of poultry
 or 10.6% of the total poultry pounds sold during fiscal 2012. The additional pounds sold by the new complex in Kinston
 North Carolina
 were partially offset by the Company operating at 6% below full production for the first seven months of fiscal 2013
 as described above in the Executive Overview of Results &#8211; 2013. Overall
 market prices for poultry products increased during fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012. Urner Barry average market prices increased for boneless breast meat and tenders during fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012 by 15.3% and 4.0%
 respectively
 while average market prices for jumbo wings and bulk leg quarters decreased by 5.1% and 0.5%
 respectively
 for the same period. The price for Georgia Dock whole birds
 which reached an historical high during the Company&#8217;s third fiscal quarter of 2013
 averaged 10.4% higher during fiscal 2013 as compared to the average during fiscal 2012. Net sales of prepared chicken products during fiscal 2013 and 2012 were $97.0 million and $89.1 million
 respectively
 or an increase of 8.9%
 resulting from a 3.8% increase in the average sales price of prepared chicken products sold and a 4.9% increase in the pounds of prepared chicken products sold. During fiscal 2013
 the Company sold 48.9&#160;million pounds of prepared chicken products
Cost of sales for fiscal 2013 was $2
377.1 million as compared to $2
212.7 million during fiscal 2012
 an increase of $164.4 million
 or 7.4%. Cost of sales of poultry products sold during fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012 were $2
285.4 million and $2
128.4 million
 respectively
 an increase of $157.0 million
 or approximately 7.4%. As illustrated in the table below
 which excludes the reversal of the $9.0 million live inventory adjustment at October&#160;31
 2011
 for comparison purposes
(In thousands
October&#160;31
October&#160;31
32
27
4
1
237
1
139
97
1
047
1
001
45
32
32
2
285
2
137
148
63
54
3
040
2
958
3
031
2
951
67
63
Note (1)&#160;&#8211; Excludes the reversal of the $9.0 million live inventory adjustment at October&#160;31
Other costs of sales of poultry products include labor
 contract grower pay
 packaging
 freight and certain fixed costs
 among other costs. During fiscal 2013
 other costs of sales of poultry products also included approximately $12.8 million of charges related to the Company&#8217;s bonus award program. These non-feed related costs of poultry products sold increased $0.0061 per pound processed
 or 1.8%
 during fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012. During fiscal 2013 costs of sales of the Company&#8217;s prepared chicken products were $91.6 million as compared to $84.3 million during fiscal 2012
 an increase of $7.3 million
 or 8.7%
The Company recorded the value of live broiler inventories on hand at October&#160;31
 2013
 at cost. When market conditions are favorable
 the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost
 and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be higher than the anticipated sales price
 the Company will make an adjustment to lower the value of live birds in inventory to the market value. No such charge was required at October&#160;31
 2013
 or October&#160;31
Selling
 general and administrative costs during fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012 were $100.2 million and $77.1 million
 respectively
 an increase of $23.1 million. The following table shows the components of selling
 general and administrative costs for the twelve months ended October&#160;31
Selling
October&#160;31
October&#160;31
24
24
8
3
7
4
8
5
4
1
2
Nash County
1
1
1
All other S
38
37
Total S
100
77
As illustrated in the table above
 the $23.1 million increase in selling
 general and administrative costs during fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012 resulted from a $4.6 million increase in the accrual related to the Company&#8217;s Employee Stock Ownership Plan
 $3.0 million in additional stock compensation expense related to restricted stock and performance share agreements
 as described in Note 3 &#8211; Stock Compensation Plans
 and $8.2 million in additional expense for the Company&#8217;s bonus award program. Contributions in these areas are based on profitability
 and accordingly
 the accruals recorded for fiscal 2012 were less than those recorded for fiscal 2013. Selling
 general and administrative costs also increased as a result of a $0.4 million increase in the amortization of loan closing costs. The Company was amortizing the loan closing costs attributable to its previously existing revolving credit facility through February 2016
 when it was scheduled to expire. The Company entered into a new revolving credit facility
 which replaced the previously existing agreement
 in October 2013
 and the Company expensed a portion of the balance of unamortized loan closing costs attributable to the previous agreement. The remaining balance
 together with fees incurred related to the new agreement
 will be deferred and amortized over the life of the new agreement. Additionally
 the Company&#8217;s sponsorship of the Sanderson Farms Championship golf tournament held during July 2013 resulted in approximately $2.3 million in expenses recognized in fiscal 2013 that were absent during fiscal 2012. The increase in selling
 general and administrative costs is also attributable to the $1.8 million write-off of legal and other costs incurred related to the planned expansion in Nash County
 North Carolina. Regarding the planned construction of a new facility in Nash County
 North Carolina
 the Company previously capitalized approximately $800
000 in various charges. On November&#160;13
 2012
 the Company announced that Nash County
 North Carolina
 would no longer be considered as a potential site for the new facility. Accordingly
 the Company expensed the related charges in the first quarter of fiscal 2013. Additionally
 upon determining that Nash County would no longer be considered as a potential site for the new facility
 the Company chose to reimburse Nash County and its related economic development organization approximately $1.0 million in legal fees incurred by those entities during the planning phase of the expansion
The Company&#8217;s operating income during fiscal 2013 was $205.7 million as compared to an operating income during fiscal 2012 of $96.3 million. The improvement in the Company&#8217;s operating margin resulted primarily from improved market prices of poultry products during fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012
 partially offset by higher costs of feed grains
Interest expense during fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012 was $6.1 million and $9.2 million
 respectively. The decrease in interest expense during fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012 resulted primarily from lower outstanding debt during fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 the Company capitalized interest of $75
236 related to the construction of the new complex in Palestine
The Company&#8217;s effective tax rate for fiscal 2013 was 34.7% as compared to 37.7% for fiscal 2012. The effective tax rate for fiscal 2013 includes an approximate 0.3% discrete favorable benefit recognized in the period related to legislation enacted during the first quarter. The Company&#8217;s effective tax rate differs from the statutory federal rate due to state income taxes
The Company&#8217;s net income during fiscal 2013 was $130.6 million
 or $5.68 per share
The Company&#8217;s working capital
 calculated by subtracting current liabilities from current assets
October&#160;31
 2014
 was 
 and its current ratio
 calculated by dividing current assets by current liabilities
October&#160;31
 2013
&#32;to 1
&#32;included cash on hand at November&#160;1
 
 cash flows from operations
 and funds available under the Company&#8217;s revolving credit facility. As described below
 the Company entered into a new revolving credit facility dated October&#160;24
 2013
 to
 among other things
 increase the available credit to $600.0 million from $500.0 million
October&#160;31
December&#160;12
 2014
 the Company had no outstanding draws under the facility and had approximately $13.8 million outstanding in letters of credit
October&#160;31
October&#160;31
 2013
 consisted of 
 respectively
October&#160;31
October&#160;31
 2013
 was held in checking accounts and highly liquid
 overnight investment accounts maintained at two banks. There were no restrictions on the Company&#8217;s access to its cash and cash investments
 and such cash and cash investments were available to the Company on demand to fund its operations.
&#32;resulted primarily from the lower costs of feed grains experienced by the Company during fiscal 2014
 as well as improved market prices for poultry products during fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. These items were partially offset by a $75.1 million increase in cash paid for income taxes during fiscal 2014 when compared to fiscal 2013.
&#32;resulted primarily from improved market prices for poultry products during fiscal 2013 as compared to fiscal 2012
 and a $27.2 million decrease in live chicken
 feed
 and egg inventories attributable to the declining costs of feed grains experienced as we moved through the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013. These items were partially offset by the receipt of an $82.7 million federal income tax refund in the second quarter of fiscal 2012
 which was absent during fiscal 2013. 
 
 were 
 
&#32;included approximately $104.6 million for construction at the Company&#8217;s new Palestine
&#32;and included approximately $5.7 million for the early stages of construction at the Palestine
&#32;and included $2.0 million for a new Company aircraft. Excluding expenditures related to the Palestine complex and new aircraft during fiscal 2014 and the Palestine complex during fiscal 2013
 the Company&#8217;s capital expenditures for those years were $59.6 million and $48.8 million
 respectively.
 
 
 respectively. During fiscal 
 the Company made the third of five $10.0 million annual installments on the $50.0 million Farm Credit Services term loan
 and completed an early purchase option of an aircraft that was previously subject to a capital lease. Additionally
 the Company paid approximately $30.5 million in dividends to its shareholders
 of which approximately $11.5 million resulted from a special cash dividend declared during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014. During fiscal 2013
 the Company reduced net outstanding borrowings under its revolving credit facility by $110.0 million and made the second of five $10.0 million annual installments on the Farm Credit Services term loan. During fiscal&#160;2012
December&#160;12
 2014
&#32;capital budget
 excluding operating leases
October&#160;31
 2014
 internally generated working capital
 cash flows from operations and
 as needed
October&#160;31
approximately $39.7 million for construction of the Company&#8217;s new Palestine
 Texas
 complex. Excluding the budget for construction of the new complex
On October&#160;9
 2008
 the Company announced that it filed a Form S-3 &#8220;shelf&#8221; registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission to register for possible future sale of shares of the Company&#8217;s common and/or preferred stock at an aggregate offering price not to exceed $1.0 billion. The Company sold 2.3&#160;million shares of its common stock pursuant to this registration statement on April&#160;7
 2010
 at $53.00 per share. Under SEC rules
 a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 expires after three years. The Company filed its latest renewal S-3 on October 8
 2014 to register for possible future sale shares of the Company's common and/or preferred stock at an aggregate offering price not to exceed $1.0 billion. The stock may be offered by the Company in amounts
On September&#160;19
 2013
 the Company announced plans for construction of a new feed mill
 hatchery
 poultry processing plant and waste water facility on separate sites in Palestine
 Anderson County
 and Freestone County
 Texas
 and construction of the complex began in October 2013. The Company began operations at the new hatchery in November 2014
 and expects initial operations to commence at the new processing plant in February 2015. The Company expects the investment in the new complex to total approximately $150.0 million. The new facilities will have the capacity to process 1
250
000 birds per week for the big bird deboning market. At full capacity
 the complex will employ approximately 1
150 people
 will require approximately 100 contract growers
 and will be equipped to process and sell 9.7&#160;million dressed poultry pounds per week. Before the complex can become fully operational
On October&#160;24
 2013
 the Company entered into a new revolving credit facility to
 among other things
 increase the total committed credit from $500.0 million to $600.0 million. The new facility also increased the annual capital expenditure limitation to $65.0 million for fiscal years 2013 through 2018
 plus
 for each year
 up to $10.0 million carryover from the preceding fiscal year
 when it is not actually spent in that year. The capital expenditure limitation for fiscal 
 with the permitted carry over
 was $75.0 million. On October 29
 2014
 the Company entered into an amendment to the existing agreement's capital expenditure covenants. The amendment increased the annual capital expenditure limitation to $75.0 million
 and the allowable carryover to $15.0 million for fiscal years 2015 - 2018. The amendment also increases the amount the Company is allowed to spend on the construction of its new complex in Palestine
 Texas. Under the original facility
 the Company was allowed to spend up to $140.0 million each in capital expenditures on the construction of two new poultry complexes to be located anywhere in the United States
 which expenditures are in addition to the annual overall capital expenditure limits. Under the amendment
 the amount allowed to be spent on construction of the new Palestine
 Texas complex is increased to $155.0 million
 while the original $140.0 million covenant remains in place for construction of a second potential complex. Under the facility
 the Company may not exceed a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of 55% from the date of the agreement through October&#160;30
 2014
 and 50% thereafter. The Company has a one-time right
 at any time during the term of the agreement
 to increase the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio then in effect by five percentage points in connection with the construction of either of the two potential new poultry complexes for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at October&#160;31
 
 was $613.6 million. The credit remains unsecured and
 unless extended
 will expire on October&#160;24
The Company regularly evaluates both internal and external growth opportunities
 including acquisition opportunities and the possible construction of new production assets
 and conducts due diligence activities in connection with such opportunities. The cost and terms of any financing to be raised in conjunction with any growth opportunity
 including the Company&#8217;s ability to raise debt or equity capital on terms and at costs satisfactory to the Company
 and the effect of such opportunities on the Company&#8217;s balance sheet
Obligations under long-term debt
 non-cancelable operating leases
 purchase obligations relating to feed grains
 other feed ingredients
October&#160;31
 2014
20
10
10
1
20
7
9
3
Feed grains
72
68
3
39
39
16
6
10
169
132
33
3
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (&#8220;GAAP&#8221;) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates and assumptions
In the normal course of business
 the Company extends credit to its customers on a short-term basis. Although credit risks associated with customers are considered minimal
 the Company routinely reviews its accounts receivable balances and makes provisions for probable doubtful accounts based on an individual assessment of a customer&#8217;s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends
 including the aging of receivable balances. In circumstances where management is aware of a specific customer&#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. If circumstances change (i.e.
 higher than expected defaults or an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer&#8217;s ability to meet its financial obligations to the Company)
 estimates of the recoverability of amounts due could be reduced by a material amount
Processed and prepared inventories and inventories of feed
 eggs
 medication and packaging supplies are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out method) or market value. When market prices for poultry are low and feed grains are high
 the Company may be required to write down the carrying values of processed poultry and live inventories to fair market value
Live poultry inventories of broilers are stated at the lower of cost or market and breeders at cost less accumulated amortization. The cost associated with broiler inventories
 consisting principally of chicks
 feed
 medicine and payments to the growers who raise the chicks for us
 are accumulated during the growing period. The cost associated with breeder inventories
 consisting principally of breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower payments are accumulated during the growing period. Capitalized breeder costs are then amortized over nine months using the straight-line method. Mortality of broilers and breeders is charged to cost of sales as incurred. If market prices for chicks
 feed or medicine or if grower payments increase (or decrease) during the period
 the Company could have an increase (or decrease) in the market value of its inventory as well as an increase (or decrease) in cost of sales. Should the Company decide that the nine month amortization period used to amortize the breeder costs is no longer appropriate as a result of operational changes
The Company made an adjustment to the value of its live inventories at October&#160;31
 2011. As with processed inventories
 the value of live chickens
 the costs for which are accumulated during the life of a flock as each flock is fed and cared for
 must be recorded on the Company&#8217;s financial statements at the lower of cost or market value. Because of relatively low market prices for poultry during November and December 2011 and high feed grains
 the projected cost to complete
 process and sell broilers included in live inventory at October&#160;31
 2011
 was expected to exceed the market value for the finished product. Accordingly
 the Company&#8217;s results for the year ended October&#160;31
 2011
October&#160;31
 2014
Depreciable long-lived assets are primarily comprised of buildings and machinery and equipment. Depreciation is provided by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives
The Company continually reevaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets for events or changes in circumstances that indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. As part of this reevaluation
 the Company estimates the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposal. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss is recognized to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset to the estimated fair value of the asset. If the Company&#8217;s assumptions with respect to the future expected cash flows associated with the use of long-lived assets currently recorded change
Insurance expense for workers&#8217; compensation benefits and employee-related health care benefits are estimated using historical experience and actuarial estimates. The Company accrues expenses in its workers&#8217; compensation and employee benefit plans for both known claims as well as claims incurred but not reported. Stop-loss coverage is maintained with third party insurers to limit the Company&#8217;s total exposure. Management regularly reviews the assumptions used to recognize periodic expenses. Any resulting adjustments to accrued claims are reflected in current operating results. There are no material adjustments to expenses accrued in prior periods in current expenses. If historical experience proves not to be a good indicator of future expenses
 if management were to use different actuarial assumptions
 or if there is a negative trend in the Company&#8217;s claims history
 there could be a significant increase or decrease in cost of sales depending on whether these expenses increased or decreased
The Company enters into performance share agreements that grant certain officers and key employees the right to receive shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 subject to the Company&#8217;s achievement of certain performance measures. The performance measures in the outstanding agreements relate to the Company&#8217;s average return on equity and average return on sales over a two year performance period. There is an additional one-year service period during which the holder must be employed by the Company to be eligible to receive the shares that met the performance measures. The Company must estimate
 at the end of each reporting period
 the probability that all or some portion of the shares will be earned at the end of the total three year vesting period. In making this estimate
 the Company considers
 among other factors
 the current and projected grain costs and chicken volumes and pricing
 as well as the amount of commitments to procure grain at a fixed price throughout the performance period. Due to the high level of volatility of these commodity prices and the impact that the change in pricing can have on the Company&#8217;s results
 the Company&#8217;s assessment of probability can change from period to period and can result in a significant revision to the amounts accrued related to the awards. The accounting for these awards requires the Company to accrue over the three year vesting period the estimated amounts of the shares that will be earned with adjustments made during the service period using the cumulative catch up method. With respect to the fiscal 2012 awards
 which vested and were issued effective October 31
 2014
 the Company expensed a total of approximately $5.0 million
 of which $3.4 million was booked during fiscal 2013 and $1.6 million was booked during fiscal 2014. With respect to the fiscal 2013 awards
October&#160;31
 2014
 which is the maximum amount that could be accrued based on the Company&#8217;s determination that it is probable that the maximum amount of those outstanding awards that could be earned would be earned at the end of the requisite periods. However
 because of the volatility of the factors previously discussed
October&#160;31
 2014
 the Company was unable to determine that it was probable that awards from outstanding agreements entered into during fiscal 2014 would be earned
 and therefore it has not accrued any amount for those awards. Had the Company determined that it was probable that the maximum amount of those outstanding awards from the fiscal 2014 agreements would be earned
October&#160;31
Deferred income taxes are accounted for using the liability method and relate principally to depreciation expense
The Company recognizes the costs of legal defense for the legal proceedings to which it is a party in the periods incurred. After a considerable analysis of each case
 the Company determines the amount of reserves required
 if any. At this time
 the Company has not accrued any reserve for any of these matters. Future reserves may be required if losses are deemed reasonably estimable and probable due to changes in the Company&#8217;s assumptions
 the effectiveness of legal strategies
In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance changing the criteria for recognizing revenue. The guidance also modifies the related disclosure requirements
 clarifies guidance for multiple-element arrangements and provides guidance for transactions that were not addressed fully in previous guidance. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
The Company is a purchaser of certain commodities
 primarily corn and soybean meal
 for use in manufacturing feed for its chickens. As a result
 the Company&#8217;s earnings are affected by changes in the price and availability of such feed ingredients. Feed grains are subject to volatile price changes caused by factors described below that include weather
 size of harvest
Generally
 the Company commits to purchase feed ingredients for deferred delivery from one month to six months after the time of the commitment. The Company sometimes purchases its feed ingredients for prompt delivery to its feed mills at market prices at the time of such purchases. The grain purchases are made directly with our usual grain suppliers
 which are companies in the business of regularly supplying grain to end users
 and do not involve options to purchase. Such purchases occur when senior management concludes that market factors indicate that prices at the time the grain is needed are likely to be higher than current prices
 or where
 based on current and expected market prices for the Company&#8217;s poultry products
Current and predicted weather patterns in the United States
 South America
 China and other grain producing areas
 as such weather patterns might affect the planting
 growing
The current and expected use of available feed grains for uses other than as livestock feed grains (such as the use of corn for the production of ethanol
The Company purchases physical grain
 not financial instruments such as puts
 calls or straddles that derive their value from the value of physical grain. Thus
 the Company does not use derivative financial instruments as defined in ASC 815
 &#8220;Accounting for Derivatives for Instruments and Hedging Activities
Although the Company does not use derivative financial instruments as defined in ASC 815 or purchase market risk sensitive instruments of the type contemplated by Item&#160;305 of Regulation S-K
 the commodities that the Company does purchase for physical delivery
 primarily corn and soybean meal
 are subject to price fluctuations that have a direct and material effect on the Company&#8217;s profitability as mentioned above. During fiscal 
 the Company purchased approximately 88.1&#160;million bushels of corn and approximately 768
000 tons of soybean meal for use in manufacturing feed for its live chickens. Thus
. Likewise
Although changes in the market price paid for feed grains impact cash outlays at the time the Company purchases the grain
 such changes do not immediately impact cost of sales. The cost of feed grains is recognized in cost of sales
 on a first-in-first-out basis
 at the same time that the sales of the chickens that consume the feed grains are recognized. Thus
 there is a lag between the time cash is paid for feed ingredients and the time the cost of such feed ingredients is reported in cost of goods sold. For example
 corn delivered to a feed mill and paid for one week might be used to manufacture feed the following week. However
 the chickens that eat that feed might not be processed and sold for another 48-62 days
 and only at that time will the costs of the feed consumed by the chicken become included in cost of goods sold.
&#32;per pound. Feed costs per pound of broilers processed consist primarily of feed grains
 but also include other feed ingredients such as vitamins
 fat and mineral feed supplements. The average feed cost per pound is influenced not only by the price of feed ingredients
 but also by the efficiency with which live chickens convert feed into body weight. Factors such as weather
 poultry husbandry
 quality of feed ingredients and the quality and health of the bird
 among others
 affect the quantity of feed necessary to mature chickens to the target live weight and the efficiency of that process. Generally
 however
 a $1.00 change in the average price paid per bushel of corn fed to a chicken during its life would have impacted average feed cost per pound of broilers processed by $0.0288
. Similarly
The following table shows the impact of hypothetical changes in the price of corn and soybean meal on both the Company&#8217;s cash flow and cost of goods sold
768
October&#160;31
Sanderson Farms
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sanderson Farms
October&#160;31
 2014
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&#8217; equity
October&#160;31
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
In our opinion
 the financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial position of Sanderson Farms
October&#160;31
 2014
October&#160;31
 2014
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also
 in our opinion
 the related financial statement schedule
 when considered in relation to the basic financial statements taken as a whole
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 Sanderson Farms
October&#160;31
 2014
December&#160;18
New Orleans
December&#160;18
Sanderson Farms
October 31
(In&#160;thousands
165
85
Accounts receivable
 less allowance of $2
200 in 2014 and $2
118
108
190
205
2
33
29
510
430
Property
550
437
634
597
1
185
1
035
(588
(546
596
488
4
5
1
111
924
48
81
67
58
21
11
10
10
147
161
Long-term debt
10
29
10
9
45
53
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
 $100 par value: authorized shares-500
000; none issued - Par value to be determined by the Board of Directors: authorized shares-4
500
Common Stock
 $1 par value: authorized shares-100
000
000; issued and outstanding shares- 23
130
503 in 2014 and 23
016
23
23
150
142
724
506
897
671
1
111
924
Sanderson Farms
Years ended October&#160;31
(In&#160;thousands
2
774
2
682
2
386
2
253
2
377
2
212
Selling
139
100
77
2
392
2
477
2
289
381
205
96
(2
(6
(9
(2
(5
(9
379
200
86
130
69
32
249
130
53
Sanderson Farms
(In thousands
Balance at October&#160;31
22
871
22
130
353
506
53
53
(15
(15
97
4
4
Balance at October&#160;31
22
968
22
135
391
550
130
130
(16
(16
47
8
8
Balance at October&#160;31
23
016
23
142
506
671
249
249
(30
(30
114
(4
(4
12
12
Balance at October&#160;31
23
130
23
150
724
897
Sanderson Farms
Years ended October&#160;31
249
130
53
64
62
59
12
8
4
(9
(9
7
(9
(11
(4
15
30
(15
10
4
84
(3
(2
(32
(1
15
10
32
6
57
122
151
306
252
205
(171
(54
(49
(171
(54
(49
15
45
(125
(157
(10
(10
(10
(10
(1
(2
(30
(16
(15
1
(6
(1
(1
(55
(140
(139
80
57
16
85
27
11
165
85
27
130
54
(60
3
6
9
Sanderson Farms
&#32;The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Sanderson Farms
&#32;The Company is engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and other prepared chicken items. The Company&#8217;s net sales and cost of sales are significantly affected by market price fluctuations of its principal products sold and of its principal feed ingredients
The Company sells to retailers
 distributors and casual dining operators primarily in the southeastern
 southwestern
October&#160;31
 2014
 
 
 and 
 
 and 
Generally
 revenue is recognized in connection with a transaction when the Company has agreed to sell
 and our customer has agreed to purchase
 a specific quantity of product
 when delivery has occurred
 when the price to the buyer has been fixed
 and when collectability is reasonably assured. For most customers
 this occurs when the product is delivered to customers
 which for domestic sales usually occurs at the time of shipment. Revenue on certain international sales is recognized upon transfer of title
 which may occur after shipment. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
 cooperative advertising allowances
1
1
1
1
1
2
2
2
2
2
2
Other deductions include short weights
 credit memos
 rebates and other items
 none of which
 individually
Sales of offal to rendering companies are considered by-products; accordingly
 these amounts reduce cost of sales and totaled 
 
 
The Company sells certain of its products either directly to foreign markets or to U.S. based customers who resell the product in foreign markets. These foreign markets are primarily Russia
 Eastern Europe
 China
 Mexico and the Caribbean. These export sales for fiscal years 
 
 
&#32;In the normal course of business
 the Company extends credit to its customers on a short-term basis. Although credit risks associated with our customers are considered minimal
 the Company routinely reviews its accounts receivable balances and makes provisions for probable doubtful accounts based on an individual assessment of a customer&#8217;s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends
 including the aging of receivable balances. In circumstances where management is aware of a specific customer&#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. If circumstances change (i.e.
 higher than expected defaults or an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer&#8217;s ability to meet its financial obligations to us)
&#32;Processed and prepared inventories and inventories of feed
 eggs
 medication and packaging supplies are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
Live poultry inventories of broilers are stated at the lower of cost or market value and breeders at cost less accumulated amortization. The costs associated with breeders
 including breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower pay
When the projected cost to complete
 process and sell broilers exceeds the expected market value for the finished product
Property
&#32;Property
 plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation of property
&#32;years for machinery and equipment. During fiscal 2014 and 2013
$75
000
 respectively
 related to the new complex under construction in Palestine
 Texas. With the absence of a major construction project
&#32;The Company continually reevaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets based on events or changes in circumstances which indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. As part of this reevaluation and when indicators are present
 the Company estimates the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposal. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss
 based on the fair value of the assets
&#32;Insurance expense for workers&#8217; compensation benefits and employee-related health care benefits are estimated using historical experience and actuarial estimates. The Company accrues expenses in its workers&#8217; compensation and employee benefit plans for both known claims as well as claims incurred but not reported. Stop-loss coverage is maintained with third party insurers to limit the Company&#8217;s total exposure. Management regularly reviews the assumptions used to recognize periodic expenses. Any resulting adjustments to accrued claims are reflected in current operating results. There are no material adjustments to expenses accrued in prior periods in current expenses. If historical experience proves not to be a good indicator of future expenses
 if management were to use different actuarial assumptions
 or if there is a negative trend in the Company&#8217;s claims history
 there could be a significant increase or decrease in cost of sales depending on whether these expenses increased or decreased
&#32;The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses and totaled 
 
 
&#32;Deferred income taxes are accounted for using the liability method and relate principally to depreciation expense
The Company is periodically audited by taxing authorities and considers any adjustments
 interest
&#32;The Company accounts for all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 restricted stock and performance-based shares in the income statement based on their fair values. For performance-based shares
&#32;Basic earnings per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Share-based payment awards entitling holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities and thus included in the calculation of basic earnings per share. These awards are included in the calculation of basic earnings per share under the two-class method. The two-class method allocates earnings for the period between common shareholders and other security holders. The participating awards receiving dividends are allocated the same amount of income as if they were outstanding shares. Diluted earnings per share includes any dilutive effects of options
 warrants
&#32;The Company holds certain items that are required to be disclosed at fair value
Level 2 &#8211; Inputs used to measure fair value
 other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date through correlation with market data
 including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and quoted prices in markets that are not active. Level 2 also includes assets and liabilities that are valued using models or other pricing methodologies that do not require significant judgment since the input assumptions used in the models
 such as interest rates and volatility factors
At October&#160;31
 
 the fair value of the Company&#8217;s cash and short-term cash investments of approximately 
 respectively
Fair values for debt are based on quoted market prices or published forward interest rate curves and were categorized as Level 2 measurements. The fair value and carrying value of the Company&#8217;s borrowings under its credit facilities
October 31
October 31
In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance changing the criteria for recognizing revenue. The guidance also modifies the related disclosure requirements
 clarifies guidance for multiple-element arrangements and provides guidance for transactions that were not addressed fully in previous guidance. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016
October&#160;31
122
124
Feed
26
34
24
32
10
6
7
8
190
205
October&#160;31
18
16
9
9
5
3
33
29
October&#160;31
26
21
6
5
5
9
5
6
5
5
5
4
1
1
6
1
1
3
1
67
58
October&#160;31
Term loan
 accruing interest at 6.12%
20
30
Capital lease obligation
 imputed interest at 5.53%
 original maturity in 2015
10
20
40
10
10
10
29
On October&#160;24
 2013
 the Company entered into a new revolving credit facility to
 among other things
&#32;for fiscal years 2013 through 2018
 plus
 for each year
&#32;carryover from the preceding fiscal year
 when it is not actually spent in that year. The capital expenditure limitation for fiscal 
 with the permitted carry over
. On October 29
 2014
 the Company entered into an amendment to the existing agreement's capital expenditure covenants. The amendment increased the annual capital expenditure limitation to 
&#32;for fiscal years 2015 - 2018. The amendment also increases the amount the Company is allowed to spend on the construction of its new complex in Palestine
 Texas. Under the original facility
&#32;new poultry complexes to be located anywhere in the United States
 which expenditures are in addition to the annual overall capital expenditure limits. Under the amendment
 the amount allowed to be spent on construction of the new Palestine
 Texas complex is increased to 
&#32;covenant remains in place for construction of a second potential complex. Under the facility
&#32;from the date of the agreement through October&#160;30
 2014
&#32;thereafter. The Company has a one-time right
 at any time during the term of the agreement
&#32;potential new poultry complexes for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at October&#160;31
 
. The credit remains unsecured and
 unless extended
 will expire on October&#160;24
December&#160;12
 2014
 the Company had no outstanding draws under the facility
&#32;outstanding in letters of credit
. The term loan has net worth
 current ratio and debt to capitalization covenants comparable to that of the Company&#8217;s revolving credit facility. The Company was in compliance with all covenants at October&#160;31
The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt and capital lease obligations at October&#160;31
 
10
10
20
Years Ended October&#160;31
127
63
23
12
5
140
69
24
(8
(1
6
(5
(1
6
1
(9
7
130
69
32
October&#160;31
Property
62
69
1
1
64
71
9
9
9
7
16
18
1
2
(15
(18
22
19
42
52
(2
45
53
42
52
October&#160;31
 2014
$13
012
000
$3
535
&#32;investment tax credit for property located in a North Carolina development area
 the North Carolina Creating Jobs Credit provides a tax credit for increased employment in North Carolina
 and the Georgia Job Tax Credit provides a tax credit for creation and retention of qualifying jobs in Georgia. It is management&#8217;s opinion that the majority of the North Carolina and Georgia income tax credits will not be utilized before they expire
$15
914
000
 the Company carried a full valuation allowance against its carry-forwards related to the North Carolina Investing in Business Property Credit
 North Carolina Jobs Credits
October&#160;31
 2014
of those credits would be recovered. Accordingly
$314
$319
Years Ended October&#160;31
132
70
30
9
4
1
(7
(1
(12
(6
(2
2
2
3
Other
(1
6
1
130
69
32
In September 2013
 the Internal Revenue Service (&#8220;IRS&#8221;) released final tangible property regulations under Sections 162(a) and 263(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;)
 regarding the deduction and capitalization of expenditures related to tangible property. The final regulations replaced temporary regulations that were issued in December 2011. The IRS also released proposed regulations under Section 168 of the Code regarding dispositions of tangible property. These final and proposed regulations will be effective for the Company&#8217;s fiscal year ending October 31
 2015. However
 depending on the Company's election
 certain portions may require an accounting method change on a retroactive basis
 thus requiring a IRC Section 481(a) adjustment related to fixed asset deferred taxes. The Company continues to review the regulations
 but does not believe there will be a material impact on its results of operations
 financial position
Certain share-based payment awards entitling holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities and thus included in the calculation of basic earnings per share
October 31
October 31
October 31
249
130
53
(6
(3
(1
242
126
52
22
22
22
22
22
22
$15
000
000
$8
400
000
$3
800
000
 
 and 
 respectively. Contributions to the ESOP vary in amount
&#32;of each employee&#8217;s salary
$6
058
$5
717
$5
481
On February&#160;17
 2005
 the shareholders of the Company approved the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;). The Plan allows the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors to grant certain incentive awards including stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
2
250
&#32;shares under the Plan. On February&#160;17
 2011
2
250
3
500
562
1
562
Pursuant to the Plan
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approves agreements for the issuance of restricted stock to directors
 executive officers and other key employees. Restricted stock granted in fiscal 
 
&#32;years from the date of grant. The vesting schedule is accelerated upon death
 disability
 the participant&#8217;s termination of employment after reaching retirement eligibility
 or upon a change in control
$4
831
$4
487
$4
588
000
 
Outstanding at October&#160;31
566
118
(81
(14
Outstanding at October&#160;31
588
78
(87
(10
Outstanding at October&#160;31
568
98
(84
(16
Outstanding at October&#160;31
566
566
October&#160;31
 2014
Also pursuant to the Plan
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approves Management Share Purchase Plan agreements (the &#8220;Purchase Plan&#8221;) that authorize the issuance of shares of restricted stock to the Company&#8217;s directors
 executive officers and other key employees. Pursuant to the Purchase Plan
&#32;of the restricted shares purchased by participants. Restricted stock issued pursuant to the Purchase Plan vests after three years or immediately upon death
 disability
 or change in control
 as defined. If an employee terminates employment after attaining eligibility for retirement
 or a non-employee director retires upon the expiration of his or her board term
-year vesting period
 the participant forfeits the matching contribution and the Company may
 at its option
 repurchase restricted stock purchased by the participant at the price paid by the participant. Matching contributions are recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. During fiscal 
 
12
14
16
&#32;shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 valued at an average price of
 
 and 
 per share
 respectively
3
3
4
&#32;matching shares
 valued at an average price of 
 
&#32;per share
 respectively. During fiscal 
 
24
21
26
&#32;shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 valued at an average price of 
 
 and 
 per share
 respectively. During fiscal 
 
1
2
1
&#32;shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan
$199
000
$199
$197
000
 
 respectively.
&#32;the Company entered into performance share agreements that grant certain officers and key employees the right to receive shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 subject to the Company&#8217;s achievement of certain performance measures. The performance share agreements specify a target number of shares that a participant can receive based upon the Company&#8217;s average return on equity and average return on sales
 as defined
-year performance period
&#32;year period during which the participant must remain employed by the Company before they are paid out. If the Company&#8217;s average return on equity and average return on sales exceed certain threshold amounts for the performance period
&#32;of the target number of shares
95
175
98
950
75
.  During fiscal 2012
&#32;compensation cost was recorded related to performance share agreements. During fiscal 2013
$3
425
&#32;related to the performance share agreements entered into during fiscal 2012
 but the Company recorded no compensation cost related to the performance share agreements entered into during fiscal 2013 during the period. During fiscal 2014
$7
366
000
$1
543
&#32;was related to the agreements entered into during fiscal 2012
$5
823
&#32;compensation cost related to the performance share agreements entered into during fiscal 2014
 as it could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria is probable. In estimating the compensation expense to record in a period
 the Company considers
 among other factors
 current and projected grain costs and chicken volumes and pricing
 as well as the amount of the Company's commitments to procure grain at a fixed price throughout the performance period. Due to the high level of volatility of these commodity prices and the impact that the change in pricing can have on the Company&#8217;s results
&#32;year service period the estimated amounts of the shares that will be earned with changes made during the service period adjusted using the cumulative catch up method. Had the Company determined that it was probable that the maximum amount of those outstanding awards from the fiscal 2014 agreements would be earned
October&#160;31
October&#160;31
October&#160;31
October&#160;31
November 1
1
3
November 1
5
November 1
7
3
Under the Company&#8217;s Stock Option Plan
2
250
&#32;shares of common stock were reserved for grant to key management personnel. Options outstanding at October&#160;31
 2008
 were granted in fiscal 2002
 had 
Outstanding at October&#160;31
7
(1
Outstanding at October&#160;31
6
(6
Outstanding at October&#160;31
During the fiscal year ended October&#160;31
 2012
6
$197
11
&#32;employees
 approximately 
 
 and 
 
October&#160;31
October&#160;31
 2014
 the Company&#8217;s estimated contractual obligations for feed grains
 feed ingredients
 and packaging supplies totaled 
&#32;due in less than one year
On September 19
 2013
 the Company announced plans for construction of a new feed mill
 hatchery
 poultry processing plant and waste water facility on separate sites in Palestine
 Anderson County
 and Freestone County
 Texas
. To date
&#32;on the project
&#32;through the first half of fiscal 2015. Of the amount spent to date
 approximately 
&#32;of capitalized interest
The Company is involved in various claims and litigation incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be determined with certainty
 management
 upon the advice of counsel
The Company recognizes the costs of legal defense for the legal proceedings to which it is a party in the periods incurred. After a considerable analysis of each case
 the Company determines the amount of reserves required
 if any. At this time
 the Company has not accrued any reserve for any of these matters. Future reserves may be required if losses are deemed reasonably estimable and probable due to changes in the Company&#8217;s assumptions
 the effectiveness of legal strategies
(In thousands
584
660
768
760
68
108
161
182
28
50
76
93
(In thousands
595
621
738
727
10
58
133
102
(6
24
67
45
Sanderson Farms
Year Ended October 31
2
2
Year Ended October 31
1
2
Year Ended October 31
1
1
Uncollectible accounts written off
The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company&#8217;s Securities Exchange Act reports is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company&#8217;s management
 including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
October&#160;31
 2014
 an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company&#8217;s management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation
 the Company&#8217;s management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
October&#160;31
October&#160;31
 2014
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
The Company&#8217;s management
 with the participation of the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
October&#160;31
. In making this assessment
 we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control &#8212; Integrated Framework (1992 framework). Based on our assessment we have concluded that
October&#160;31
 2014
 the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. Our independent registered public accounting firm
 Ernst&#160;&amp; Young LLP
October&#160;31
Sanderson Farms
We have audited Sanderson Farms
October&#160;31
 2014
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (1992 framework) (the COSO criteria). Sanderson Farms
 Inc.&#8217;s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exits
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&#160;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&#160;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3)&#160;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
In our opinion
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. maintained
 in all material respects
October&#160;31
 2014
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
 the consolidated balance sheets of Sanderson Farms
October&#160;31
 2014
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&#8217; equity
October&#160;31
 2014
 of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and subsidiaries
December&#160;18
 2014
New Orleans
December&#160;18
Directors
As permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K
The Registrant also incorporates by reference
 as permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K
The Registrant has a standing audit committee established in accordance with Section&#160;3(a)(58)(A) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 whose members are John H. Baker
 III (Vice Chairman)
 Fred Banks
 Jr.
 Robert C. Khayat
 Phil K. Livingston
 Dianne Mooney
 Gail J. Pittman and Charles W. Ritter
The Registrant has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its senior financial personnel
 including its chief executive officer
Sanderson Farms
Laurel
As permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K
As permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K
 reference is made to the information concerning beneficial ownership of the Registrant&#8217;s Common Stock
 which is the only class of the Registrant&#8217;s voting securities
October&#160;31
 2014
 with respect to compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the Registrant are authorized for issuance. The Registrant has no equity compensation plan not approved by security holders. All outstanding awards were issued under the Registrant&#8217;s Stock Incentive Plan approved by shareholders on February&#160;17
 2005
 and amended and approved by shareholders on February&#160;17
 2011. No further options or other awards may be granted under the Stock Option Plan. There are 3
500
outstanding options
336
614
336
614
This column reflects 187
October&#160;31
 2014
 that are expected to be earned and that are subject to an additional one year
October 31
 2015
 and 148
October&#160;31
 2014
 at the maximum level. However
 management could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria is probable for those unearned performance shares. This column does not include the 102
534 fiscal 2012 performance shares that were paid out on October 31
This column reflects the 982
883 shares of restricted stock granted to participants under the Stock Incentive Plan
 the 245
723 shares of restricted stock purchased by or granted to participants under the MSPP provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan
 and the 429
938 performance shares that have been earned or are expected to be earned under the Stock Incentive Plan
 and the 148
900 unearned outstanding performance shares that could be earned as described in footnote (1) above
 in each case since the inception of the plan and net of forfeitures
As permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K
 information
 if any
 required to be reported by Item&#160;13 of Form 10-K
 with respect to transactions with management and others
 certain business relationships
 indebtedness of management
 and transactions with promoters
 is set forth in the Registrant&#8217;s definitive proxy statement filed or to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-6(b). Such information
 if any
As permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K
October&#160;31
October&#160;31
 2014
October&#160;31
 2014
October&#160;31
 2014
October&#160;31
All other schedules are omitted as they are not required
Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant dated October 19
 1978. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on July&#160;15
 2002
Articles of Amendment
 dated March 23
 1987
 to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on July 15
 2002
Articles of Amendment
 dated April 21
 1989
 to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on July 15
 2002
Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of the Registrant dated April 21
 1989. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 filed with the registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on July&#160;15
 2002
Article of Amendment
 dated February 20
 1992
 to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 filed with the registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on July 15
 2002
Article of Amendment
 dated February 27
 1997
 to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 filed with the registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on July 15
 2002
By-Laws of the Registrant
 amended and restated as of February 13
 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K on February 20
Contract dated July 31
 1964
 between the Registrant and the City of Laurel
 Mississippi. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-D filed with the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 3
 1987
Contract Amendment dated December 1
 1970
 between the Registrant and the City of Laurel
 Mississippi. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-D-1 filed with the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 3
 1987
Contract Amendment dated June 11
 1985
 between the Registrant and the City of Laurel
 Mississippi. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-D-2 filed with the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 3
 1987
Contract Amendment dated October 7
 1986
 between the Registrant and the City of Laurel
 Mississippi. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-D-3 filed with the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 3
 1987
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan
 as amended and restated effective November 1
 2013.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated on February 17
 2011. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant&#8217;s definitive proxy statement filed on January 14
 2011
 for its annual meeting held February 17
Amendment No. 1 dated December 13
 2013
 to Sanderson Farms
 Inc. Bonus Award Program (Executive Committee) Effective November 1
 2012. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K on December 17
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. Bonus Award Program Effective November 1
 2013.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K on February 20
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. Supplemental Disability Plan effective September 1
 2008. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 1
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who are granted restricted stock with a ten-year resting period
 as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Form of Share Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and its non-employee directors who participate in its management share purchase plan
 as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30
Form of Share Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who participate in its management share purchase plan
 as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended April 30
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who are granted restricted stock with a four-year vesting period (for awards granted after August 2009 through fiscal 2013). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who are granted restricted stock with a four-year vesting period (for awards granted on or after November 1
 2013).  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its non-employee directors who are granted restricted stock
 as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended April 30
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for restricted stock granted to officers and employees on February 17
 2011. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 22
Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2012). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2013). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2014).  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Employment Agreement dated as of September 15
 2009
 between the Registrant and Joe F. Sanderson
 Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15
Employment Agreement dated as of September 15
 2009
 between the Registrant and Lampkin Butts (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15
Employment Agreement dated as of September 15
 2009
 between the Registrant and D. Michael Cockrell (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15
Memorandum of Agreement dated June 13
 1989
 between Pike County
 Mississippi and the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-L filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Wastewater Treatment Agreement between the City of Magnolia
 Mississippi and the Registrant dated August 19
 1991. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-M filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Memorandum of Agreement and Purchase Option between Pike County
 Mississippi and the Registrant dated May 1991. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-N filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Lease Agreement between Pike County
 Mississippi and the Registrant dated as of November 1
 1992. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-M filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Lease Agreement dated as of December 1
 2004
 between Moultrie-Colquitt County Development Authority
 as Lessor
 and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division) as Lessee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Bond Purchase Loan Agreement between Moultrie-Colquitt County Development Authority
 as Issuer
 and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division)
 as Purchaser. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Credit Agreement dated October 24
 2013 among Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and BMO Harris Bank N.A. as Agent for the Banks defined herein. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 28
Guaranty Agreement dated October 24
 2013 of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Foods Division)
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 28
First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated October 29
 2014 among Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and the Banks party thereto.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4
Note Purchase Agreement dated as of April 28
 2006
 between Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Northwest Farm Credit Services
 PCA. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May&#160;3
Guarantee Agreement dated as of April 28
 2006
 of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Foods Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3
Guarantee Agreement dated as of April 28
 2006
 of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3
Guarantee Agreement dated as of April 28
 2006
 of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3
Intercreditor Agreement dated as of April 28
 2006
 among The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company
 Northwest Farm Credit Services
 PCA
 Harris N.A.
 SunTrust Bank
 AmSouth Bank
 U.S. Bank National Association
 Regions Bank
 and Trustmark National Bank. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3
Lease Agreement dated as of July 1
 2006
 between Adel Industrial Development Authority as Lessor
 and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) as Lessee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Bond Purchase Agreement dated as of July 31
 2006
 between Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) as Purchaser and Adel Industrial Development Authority as Issuer. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
The Registrant&#8217;s credit agreement with the banks for which BMO Harris Bank N.A. acts as agent is filed or incorporated by reference as an exhibit to this report. The Registrant is a party to various other agreements defining the rights of holders of long-term debt of the Registrant
 but
 of those other agreements
 no single agreement authorizes securities in an amount which exceeds 10% of the total assets of the Company. Upon request of the Commission
 the Registrant will furnish a copy of any such agreement to the Commission. Accordingly
Any statement contained in this Annual Report concerning the contents of any contract or other document filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report or incorporated herein by reference is not necessarily complete
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
SANDERSON FARMS
/s/ Joe F. Sanderson
December&#160;18
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
/s/ Joe F. Sanderson
Joe F. Sanderson
 Jr.
/s/ John H. Baker
John H. Baker
 III
/s/ Fred Banks
Fred Banks
John Bierbusse
Lampkin Butts
 Director
D. Michael Cockrell
Director
Tim Rigney
Beverly Wade Hogan
Phil K. Livingston
Gail Jones Pittman
/s/ Charles W. Ritter
Charles W. Ritter
 Jr.
Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant dated October 19
 1978. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on July&#160;15
 2002
Articles of Amendment
 dated March 23
 1987
 to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 filed with the registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on July 15
 2002
Articles of Amendment
 dated April 21
 1989
 to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 filed with the registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on July 15
 2002
Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of the Registrant dated April 21
 1989. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 filed with the registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on July&#160;15
 2002
Article of Amendment
 dated February 20
 1992
 to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 filed with the registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on July 15
 2002
Article of Amendment
 dated February 27
 1997
 to the Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.6 filed with the registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on July 15
 2002
By-Laws of the Registrant
 amended and restated as of February 13
 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K on February 20
Contract dated July 31
 1964
 between the Registrant and the City of Laurel
 Mississippi. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-D filed with the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 3
 1987
Contract Amendment dated December 1
 1970
 between the Registrant and the City of Laurel
 Mississippi. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-D-1 filed with the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 3
 1987
Contract Amendment dated June 11
 1985
 between the Registrant and the City of Laurel
 Mississippi. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-D-2 filed with the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 3
 1987
Contract Amendment dated October 7
 1986
 between the Registrant and the City of Laurel
 Mississippi. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-D-3 filed with the registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on April 3
 1987
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan
 as amended and restated effective November 1
 2013.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated on February 17
 2011. (Incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Registrant&#8217;s definitive proxy statement filed on January 14
 2011
 for its annual meeting held February 17
Amendment No. 1 dated December 13
 2013
 to Sanderson Farms
 Inc. Bonus Award Program (Executive Committee) Effective November 1
 2012. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K on December 17
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. Bonus Award Program Effective November 1
 2013.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K on February 20
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. Supplemental Disability Plan effective September 1
 2008. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 1
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who are granted restricted stock with a ten-year resting period
 as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Form of Share Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and its non-employee directors who participate in its management share purchase plan
 as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30
Form of Share Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who participate in its management share purchase plan
 as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended April 30
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who are granted restricted stock with a four-year vesting period (for awards granted after August 2009 through fiscal 2013). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who are granted restricted stock with a four-year vesting period (for awards granted on or after November 1
 2013).  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its non-employee directors who are granted restricted stock
 as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended April 30
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement for restricted stock granted to officers and employees on February 17
 2011. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 22
Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2012). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2013). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2014).  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Employment Agreement dated as of September 15
 2009
 between the Registrant and Joe F. Sanderson
 Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15
Employment Agreement dated as of September 15
 2009
 between the Registrant and Lampkin Butts (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15
Employment Agreement dated as of September 15
 2009
 between the Registrant and D. Michael Cockrell (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 15
Memorandum of Agreement dated June 13
 1989
 between Pike County
 Mississippi and the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-L filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Wastewater Treatment Agreement between the City of Magnolia
 Mississippi and the Registrant dated August 19
 1991. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-M filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Memorandum of Agreement and Purchase Option between Pike County
 Mississippi and the Registrant dated May 1991. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-N filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Lease Agreement between Pike County
 Mississippi and the Registrant dated as of November 1
 1992. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10-M filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Lease Agreement dated as of December 1
 2004
 between Moultrie-Colquitt County Development Authority
 as Lessor
 and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division) as Lessee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Bond Purchase Loan Agreement between Moultrie-Colquitt County Development Authority
 as Issuer
 and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division)
 as Purchaser. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Credit Agreement dated October 24
 2013 among Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and BMO Harris Bank N.A. as Agent for the Banks defined herein. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 28
Guaranty Agreement dated October 24
 2013 of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Foods Division)
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 28
First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated October 29
 2014 among Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and the Banks party thereto.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 4
Note Purchase Agreement dated as of April 28
 2006
 between Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Northwest Farm Credit Services
 PCA. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May&#160;3
Guarantee Agreement dated as of April 28
 2006
 of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Foods Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3
Guarantee Agreement dated as of April 28
 2006
 of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3
Guarantee Agreement dated as of April 28
 2006
 of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3
Intercreditor Agreement dated as of April 28
 2006
 among The Lincoln National Life Insurance Company
 Northwest Farm Credit Services
 PCA
 Harris N.A.
 SunTrust Bank
 AmSouth Bank
 U.S. Bank National Association
 Regions Bank
 and Trustmark National Bank. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 3
Lease Agreement dated as of July 1
 2006
 between Adel Industrial Development Authority as Lessor
 and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) as Lessee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Bond Purchase Agreement dated as of July 31
 2006
 between Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) as Purchaser and Adel Industrial Development Authority as Issuer. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
 2002.)














		


SANDERSON FARMS
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;This PERFORMANCE SHARE AGREEMENT (this Agreement)
 made and entered into as of the 1st day of November
 2014 (the Grant Date)
 by and between _________  (the Participant) and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates
 the Company)
 sets forth the terms and conditions of a Performance Share Award issued pursuant to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated on February 17
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;(a) As a reward for past service and in consideration of and as an incentive to the Participant&#8217;s performance of future services on behalf of the Company
 and for no additional consideration
 the Company hereby grants to the Participant
 as of the Grant Date
 the right to receive at the end of the Restricted Period (hereinafter defined) that certain number of shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 par value $1.00 per share (the Performance Shares)
 determined in accordance with Section 2 below
 subject to the further terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan. The right to receive Performance Shares is subject to forfeiture as provided herein and may not be sold
 exchanged
 transferred
 pledged
 hypothecated or otherwise disposed of by the Participant
 other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution of the state in which the Participant resides on the date of his death.  The &#8220;Performance Period&#8221; means the two fiscal years of the Company commencing November 1
 2014.   The &#8220;Restricted Period&#8221; means the three fiscal years of the Company commencing November 1
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;(b) Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Plan
 the right to receive Performance Shares shall vest and no longer be subject to forfeiture or any transfer restrictions hereunder at the end of the Restricted Period
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;(c) In the event of (i) the Participant's termination of employment with the Company by reason of death or Disability
 (ii) his termination of employment with the Company after his attainment of eligibility for retirement (as determined by the Board from time to time) by reason of retirement
 or (iii) a Change of Control prior to the end of the Restricted Period
 the Participant shall be entitled to receive
 at the end of the Restricted Period
 a pro rata portion of the number of Performance Shares to which he otherwise would have been entitled
 determined in accordance with the ratio that the number of months the Participant was employed with the Company during the Performance Period bears to the total number of months in the Performance Period.  If the Participant&#8217;s employment with the Company is terminated for any other reason
voluntarily or involuntarily
 prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;(d) If the Board determines in good faith that the Participant has engaged in any Detrimental Activity during the period that the Participant is employed by the Company or during the two-year period following the Participant&#8217;s voluntary termination of employment or his termination by the Company for Cause
 then as of the date of the Board determination the Participant&#8217;s right to receive Performance Shares shall be forfeited or
 if the Performance Shares have already been issued
(a)  The Participant&#8217;s Performance Share Award is a function of his &#8220;Target ROE Award&#8221; and his &#8220;Target ROS Award
(b)  At the end of the Performance Period
 the Board (or its permitted delegate) will calculate the Company&#8217;s Return on Equity for each of its fiscal years during the Performance Period and divide the sum by that number of years (the &#8220;Average ROE&#8221;).  &#8220;Return on Equity&#8221; means (i) the Company&#8217;s net after-tax income for the fiscal year in question
 divided by (ii) the average of the shareholders&#8217; equity as of the end of the preceding fiscal year and the shareholders&#8217; equity as of the end of the fiscal year in question
 in each case as shown in the Company&#8217;s audited financial statements (provided that if there is any change in accounting standards used by the Company after the Grant Date
 Return on Equity will be calculated without regard to such change).  The Participant&#8217;s &#8220;Threshold ROE&#8221; is 9.6 percent; his &#8220;Target ROE&#8221; is 11.5 percent; and his &#8220;Maximum ROE&#8221; is 20.9 percent.  If
 at the end of the Performance Period
 the Company&#8217;s Average ROE is equal to the Threshold ROE
 the Participant will be entitled to receive 50 percent of the Target ROE Award; if the Company&#8217;s Average ROE is equal to the Target ROE
 the Participant will be entitled to receive 100 percent of the Target ROE Award; and if the Company&#8217;s Average ROE is equal to or greater than the Maximum ROE
 the Participant will be entitled to receive 200 percent of the Target ROE Award.  If the Company&#8217;s Average ROE is otherwise between the Threshold ROE and the Maximum ROE
 the number of Performance Shares that the Participant is entitled to receive will be calculated using a straight-line interpolation.  If the Company&#8217;s Average ROE is less than the Threshold ROE
(c)  Likewise
 at the end of the Performance Period
 the Board (or its permitted delegate) will calculate the Company&#8217;s Return on Sales for each of its fiscal years during the Performance Period and divide the sum by that number of years (the &#8220;Average ROS&#8221;).  &#8220;Return on Sales&#8221; means the Company&#8217;s net after-tax income for the fiscal year in question divided by its net sales for such fiscal year
(provided that if there is any change in accounting standards used by the Company after the Grant Date
 Return on Sales will be calculated without regard to such change).  The Participant&#8217;s &#8220;Threshold ROS&#8221; is 2.8 percent; his &#8220;Target ROS&#8221; is 3.5 percent; and his &#8220;Maximum ROS&#8221; is 4.7 percent.  If
 at the end of the Performance Period
 the Company&#8217;s Average ROS is equal to the Threshold ROS
 the Participant will be entitled to receive 50 percent of the Target ROS Award; if the Company&#8217;s Average ROS is equal to the Target ROS
 the Participant will be entitled to receive 100 percent of the Target ROS Award; and if the Company&#8217;s Average ROS is equal to or greater than the Maximum ROS
 the Participant will be entitled to receive 200 percent of the Target ROS Award.  If the Company&#8217;s Average ROS is otherwise between the Threshold ROS and the Maximum ROS
 the number of Performance Shares that the Participant is entitled to receive will be calculated using a straight-line interpolation.  If the Company&#8217;s Average ROS is less than the Threshold ROS
(d)  Within 30 days of the end of the Restricted  Period
 certificates representing the Performance Shares that the Participant is entitled to receive shall be registered in the Participant&#8217;s name and be delivered to the Participant (or an appropriate book entry shall be made)
 subject to Section 6 pertaining to the withholding of taxes and Section 14 pertaining to the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;); provided
 however
 that the Board may cause such legend or legends to be placed on any such certificates as it may deem advisable under Applicable Law.  Fractional shares will be issued where necessary. Upon issuance
 Performance Shares will be fully vested and transferable
(e)  If this Performance Share Award is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;)
 then prior to the issuance of the Performance Shares
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Plan
 until the issuance of Performance Shares to him
 the Participant shall have
 with respect to the Performance Shares
 none of the rights of a stockholder of the Company
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;If any change in corporate capitalization
 such as a stock split
 reverse stock split
 stock dividend
 or any corporate transaction such as a reorganization
 reclassification
 merger or consolidation or separation
the Company of all or a portion of its assets
 any other change in the Company&#8217;s corporate structure
 or any distribution to stockholders (other than a cash dividend) results in the outstanding Shares
 or any securities exchanged therefor or received in their place
 being exchanged for a different number or class of shares or other securities of the Company
 or for shares of stock or other securities of any other corporation
 or new
 different or additional shares or other securities of the Company or of any other corporation being received by the holders of outstanding Shares
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;The Performance Shares have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company and when issued will be validly issued
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;As soon as practicable on or after the date as of which an amount first becomes includible in the gross income of the Participant for federal income tax purposes with respect to this Award of Performance Shares
 the Participant shall pay to the Company
 or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company regarding the payment of
 or the Company may deduct or withhold from any cash or property payable to the Participant
 an amount equal to all federal
 state
 local and foreign taxes that are required by Applicable Law to be withheld with respect to such includible amount.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein
 the Participant may
 if the Company consents
 discharge this withholding obligation by directing the Company to withhold Performance Shares having a Fair Market Value on the date that the withholding obligation is incurred equal to the amount of tax required to be withheld in connection therewith
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;Any notice to the Company provided for in  this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be addressed to it in care of its Secretary at its principal executive offices
 and any notice to the Participant shall be addressed to the Participant at the current address shown on the payroll records of the Company.  Any notice shall be deemed to be duly given if and when properly addressed and posted by registered or certified mail
.  If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes or is deemed invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction
any law with respect to which the Plan or this Agreement is intended to qualify
 or would cause compensation deferred under the Plan to be includible in a Plan participant&#8217;s gross income pursuant to Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code
 as determined by the Board
 such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to Applicable Law or
 if it cannot be construed or deemed amended without
 in the determination of the Board
 materially altering the intent of the Plan or the Agreement
.  Where the context admits
 words in any gender shall include the other gender
.  To the extent not preempted by federal law
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;This Agreement and the Performance Share Award made pursuant hereto are subject to
 and this Agreement hereby incorporates and makes a part hereof
 all terms and conditions of the Plan that are applicable to Agreements and Awards generally and to Performance Share Awards in particular.  The Board has the right to interpret
 construe and administer the Plan
 this Agreement and the Performance Share Award made pursuant hereto.  All acts
 determinations and decisions of the Board (including its Compensation Committee) made or taken pursuant to grants of authority under the Plan or with respect to any questions arising in connection with the administration and interpretation of the Plan
 including the severability of any and all of the provisions thereof and the calculation of the Average ROE
 Average ROS and the number of Performance Shares that the Participant is entitled to receive pursuant to this Agreement
 shall be in the Board&#8217;s sole discretion and shall be conclusive
 final and binding upon all parties
 including the Company
 its stockholders
 Participants
 Eligible Participants and their estates
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;Neither this Agreement nor the issuance of any Performance Shares shall confer on the Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment or other service with the Company.  Except as may otherwise be limited by a written agreement between the Company and the Participant
 and acknowledged by the Participant
 the right of the Company to terminate at will the Participant&#8217;s employment with it at any time (whether by dismissal
 discharge
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;This Agreement and the other documents referred to herein
 including the Plan
pursuant hereto
 contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to their subject matter. There are no restrictions
 agreements
 promises
 representations
 warranties
or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those expressly set forth herein and restrictions imposed by the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws . This Agreement
 including the Plan
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;The Board may
 at any time
 without consent of or receiving further consideration from the Participant
 amend this Agreement and the Performance Share Award made pursuant hereto in response to
 or to comply with changes in
 Applicable law.  To the extent not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan
 the Board may
 at any time
(a)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The issuance and delivery of the Performance Share Award to the Participant have been registered under the Securities Act by a Registration Statement on Form S-8 that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and has become effective.  The Participant acknowledges receipt from the Company of its Prospectus dated February 17
 2011
(b)  &#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;If the Participant is an affiliate of the Company
 which generally means a director
 executive officer or holder of 10% or more of its outstanding shares
 at the time certificates representing Performance Shares are delivered to the Participant
 such certificates shall bear the following legend
&#8220;THESE SHARES MUST NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE
 SOLD
 ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN A TRANSACTION WHICH
 IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE ISSUER
The Company shall remove such legend upon request by the Participant if
 at the time of such request
 the shares are eligible for sale under SEC Rule 144(b)(1)
 or any provision that has replaced it
&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;&#32;IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the Participant has executed this Agreement on his own behalf
 thereby representing that he has carefully read and understands this Agreement and the Plan as of the day and year first written above
 and the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed in its name and on its behalf
SANDERSON FARMS
 INC.














		


We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Form S-8 No.&#160;33-67474 and Form S-8 No.&#160;333-92412) pertaining to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Option Plan
 the Registration Statements (Form S-8 No.&#160;333-123099 and Form S-8 No.&#160;333-172315) pertaining to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan
December&#160;18
 2014
 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Sanderson Farms
 Inc.
 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Sanderson Farms
 Inc.
October&#160;31
New Orleans
December&#160;18
 2014














		


I
 Joe F. Sanderson
 Jr.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sanderson Farms
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
December&#160;18
/s/ Joe F. Sanderson
 Jr.














		


I
 D. Michael Cockrell
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sanderson Farms
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
December&#160;18
 2014














		


In connection with the Annual Report of Sanderson Farms
October&#160;31
&#32;(the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Joe F. Sanderson
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
/s/ Joe F. Sanderson
Joe F. Sanderson
December&#160;18
 2014














		


In connection with the Annual Report of Sanderson Farms
October&#160;31
&#32;(the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 D. Michael Cockrell
 Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
December&#160;18
 2014



















      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        
        



      



    


    


    


    


    


    




        


        




&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued bonuses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
574&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Workers&amp;#8217; compensation claims&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued wages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued rebates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued vacation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued property taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
484&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued payroll taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Post-retirement benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;67
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



461&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; employees
 approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of which are covered by collective bargaining agreements. Each collective bargaining agreement has a grievance procedure and no strike-no lockout clauses that should assist in maintaining stable labor relations at the respective facility.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company has vehicle and equipment operating leases that expire at various dates through fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Rental expense under these leases totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$9.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$6.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; during fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The minimum lease payments of obligations under non-cancelable operating leases at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; were as follows (in millions):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=87% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2018&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2019&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company&amp;#8217;s estimated contractual obligations for feed grains
 feed ingredients
 and packaging supplies totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$72.4 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 with approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$68.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; due in less than one year
 and the remainder due in the following year.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On September 19
 2013
 the Company announced plans for construction of a new feed mill
 hatchery
 poultry processing plant and waste water facility on separate sites in Palestine
 Anderson County
 and Freestone County
 Texas
 and construction commenced in October 2013. The Company estimates the total investment in the complex will be approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$150.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. To date
 the Company has spent approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$110.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; on the project
 and we are obligated to spend the remaining &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$39.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; through the first half of fiscal 2015. Of the amount spent to date
 approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$104.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 including approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of capitalized interest
 was spent during fiscal 2014. The remaining expenditures are estimates and are subject to change as the project moves toward completion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company is involved in various claims and litigation incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be determined with certainty
 management
 upon the advice of counsel
 is of the opinion that the final outcome should not have a material effect on the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated results of operations or financial position.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company recognizes the costs of legal defense for the legal proceedings to which it is a party in the periods incurred. After a considerable analysis of each case
 the Company determines the amount of reserves required
 if any. At this time
 the Company has not accrued any reserve for any of these matters. Future reserves may be required if losses are deemed reasonably estimable and probable due to changes in the Company&amp;#8217;s assumptions
 the effectiveness of legal strategies

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

000
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$8
400
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3
800
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Contributions to the ESOP vary in amount
 as the contributions are based on profitability. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company has a 401(k) Plan which covers substantially all employees after one year of service. Participants in the Plan may contribute up to the maximum allowed by IRS regulations. The Company matches &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of employee contributions to the 401(k) Plan up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of each employee&amp;#8217;s salary
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of employee contributions between &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of each employee&amp;#8217;s salary. The Company&amp;#8217;s contributions to the 401(k) Plan totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$6
058
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5
717
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; and  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5
481

  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Term loan
 accruing interest at 6.12%
 maturing in 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Capital lease obligation
 imputed interest at 5.53%
 original maturity in 2015
 Company completed early purchase option in July 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less current maturities of long-term debt and capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29
414&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;On October&amp;#160;24
 2013
 the Company entered into a new revolving credit facility to
 among other things
 increase the total committed credit from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$500.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$600.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The new facility also increased the annual capital expenditure limitation to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$65.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for fiscal years 2013 through 2018
 plus
 for each year
 up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; carryover from the preceding fiscal year
 when it is not actually spent in that year. The capital expenditure limitation for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 with the permitted carry over
 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$75.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. On October 29
 2014
 the Company entered into an amendment to the existing agreement's capital expenditure covenants. The amendment increased the annual capital expenditure limitation to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$75.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and the allowable carryover to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$15.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for fiscal years 2015 - 2018. The amendment also increases the amount the Company is allowed to spend on the construction of its new complex in Palestine
 Texas. Under the original facility
 the Company was allowed to spend up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$140.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; each in capital expenditures on the construction of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; new poultry complexes to be located anywhere in the United States
 which expenditures are in addition to the annual overall capital expenditure limits. Under the amendment
 the amount allowed to be spent on construction of the new Palestine
 Texas complex is increased to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$155.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 while the original &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$140.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; covenant remains in place for construction of a second potential complex. Under the facility
 the Company may not exceed a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; from the date of the agreement through October&amp;#160;30
 2014
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; thereafter. The Company has a one-time right
 at any time during the term of the agreement
 to increase the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio then in effect by five percentage points in connection with the construction of either of the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; potential new poultry complexes for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at October&amp;#160;31
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 was &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$613.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The credit remains unsecured and
 unless extended
 will expire on October&amp;#160;24
 2018. As of October&amp;#160;31 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;December&amp;#160;12
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company had no outstanding draws under the facility
 and had approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$13.8 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; outstanding in letters of credit
 leaving &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$586.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; available.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company has the option to borrow funds under the revolving line of credit based on the Prime interest rate or the Libor interest rate plus a spread ranging from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.50%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The spread on Libor borrowings and the commitment fee for the unused balance of the revolving credit agreement are determined based upon the Company&amp;#8217;s leverage ratio as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=54% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Level&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Leverage Ratio&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Spread&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Commitment&amp;#160;Fee&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;lt; 25%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8805; 25% and &amp;lt; 35%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8805; 35% and &amp;lt; 45%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.35&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8805; 45% and &amp;lt; 55%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.75&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8805; 55%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;0.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The term loan consists of a private placement of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$20.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in unsecured debt. The term loan matures in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; with annual principal installments of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$10.0 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; which began in &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The term loan has net worth
 current ratio and debt to capitalization covenants comparable to that of the Company&amp;#8217;s revolving credit facility. The Company was in compliance with all covenants at October&amp;#160;31
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt and capital lease obligations at October&amp;#160;31
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=87% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Parts and supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaid insurance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
397&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2005
 the shareholders of the Company approved the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan (the &amp;#8220;Plan&amp;#8221;). The Plan allows the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors to grant certain incentive awards including stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 and other similar awards. The Company was authorized to award up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares under the Plan. On February&amp;#160;17
 2011
 the shareholders approved changes to the plan to increase the shares that may be issued under the plan from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
500
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares and to increase the number of shares that may be granted in the form of restricted stock from &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;562
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
562
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Pursuant to the Plan
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors approves agreements for the issuance of restricted stock to directors
 executive officers and other key employees. Restricted stock granted in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 vests &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;four&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years from the date of grant. The vesting schedule is accelerated upon death
 disability
 the participant&amp;#8217;s termination of employment after reaching retirement eligibility
 or upon a change in control
 as defined. Restricted stock grants are valued based upon the closing market price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the date of grant and are recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. Compensation expense related to restricted stock grants totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4
831
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4
487
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4
588
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; during fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;A summary of the Company&amp;#8217;s restricted stock activity and related information is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=73% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Number&amp;#160;of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Average&amp;#160;Grant&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at October&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;566
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted during fiscal 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested during 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(81
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited during 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(14
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at October&amp;#160;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;588
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted during fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;78
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested during 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(87
431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited during 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at October&amp;#160;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;568
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted during fiscal 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;67.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested during 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(84
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited during 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16
899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at October&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;566
050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;49.39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in unrecognized share-based compensation costs related to the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;566
050&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; unvested shares as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 that will be recognized over a weighted average period of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.6 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Also pursuant to the Plan
 the Company&amp;#8217;s Board of Directors approves Management Share Purchase Plan agreements (the &amp;#8220;Purchase Plan&amp;#8221;) that authorize the issuance of shares of restricted stock to the Company&amp;#8217;s directors
 executive officers and other key employees. Pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 non-employee directors may elect to receive up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;100 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of their annual retainer and meeting fees in the form of restricted stock. Other participants may elect to receive up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of their salary and up to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of any bonus earned in the form of restricted stock. The purchase price of the restricted stock is the closing market price of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock on the date of purchase. The Company makes matching contributions of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;25 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the restricted shares purchased by participants. Restricted stock issued pursuant to the Purchase Plan vests after three years or immediately upon death
 disability
 or change in control
 as defined. If an employee terminates employment after attaining eligibility for retirement
 or a non-employee director retires upon the expiration of his or her board term
 the participant&amp;#8217;s Purchase Plan shares vest immediately. If a participant&amp;#8217;s employment or service as a director is terminated for any other reason prior to the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year vesting period
 the participant forfeits the matching contribution and the Company may
 at its option
 repurchase restricted stock purchased by the participant at the price paid by the participant. Matching contributions are recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. During fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the participants purchased a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14
431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
359&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 valued at an average price of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$80.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$57.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$48.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 per share
 respectively
 and the Company issued &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
101&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
005&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; matching shares
 valued at an average price of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$80.80&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$57.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$48.13&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; per share
 respectively. During fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the participants vested in a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
445&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
263&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
528&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 valued at an average price of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;79.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;56.87&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.65&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 per share
 respectively. During fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the participants forfeited a total of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
523&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
421&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
732&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 respectively. Compensation expense related to the Company&amp;#8217;s matching contribution totaled approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$199
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$199
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$197
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; the Company entered into performance share agreements that grant certain officers and key employees the right to receive shares of the Company&amp;#8217;s common stock
 subject to the Company&amp;#8217;s achievement of certain performance measures. The performance share agreements specify a target number of shares that a participant can receive based upon the Company&amp;#8217;s average return on equity and average return on sales
 as defined
 during a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year performance period beginning November&amp;#160;1 of each performance period. Although the performance share agreements have a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;two&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year performance period
 they are subject to an additional &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;one&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; year period during which the participant must remain employed by the Company before they are paid out. If the Company&amp;#8217;s average return on equity and average return on sales exceed certain threshold amounts for the performance period
 participants will receive &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;200 percent&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the target number of shares
 depending upon the Company&amp;#8217;s level of performance. The target number of shares specified in the performance share agreements executed during fiscal 2012 totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;95
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 during fiscal 2013 totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98
950&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and during fiscal 2014 totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;75
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.  During fiscal 2012
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; compensation cost was recorded related to performance share agreements. During fiscal 2013
 the Company recorded compensation cost of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3
425
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to the performance share agreements entered into during fiscal 2012
 but the Company recorded no compensation cost related to the performance share agreements entered into during fiscal 2013 during the period. During fiscal 2014
 the Company recorded performance share related compensation cost of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$7
366
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 of which &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
543
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was related to the agreements entered into during fiscal 2012
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$5
823
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; was related to the agreements entered into during fiscal 2013. The Company recorded &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;no&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; compensation cost related to the performance share agreements entered into during fiscal 2014
 as it could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria is probable. In estimating the compensation expense to record in a period
 the Company considers
 among other factors
 current and projected grain costs and chicken volumes and pricing
 as well as the amount of the Company's commitments to procure grain at a fixed price throughout the performance period. Due to the high level of volatility of these commodity prices and the impact that the change in pricing can have on the Company&amp;#8217;s results
 the Company&amp;#8217;s assessment of probability can change from period to period and can result in a significant revision to the amounts accrued related to the arrangements. The accounting for these arrangements requires the Company to accrue over the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;three&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; year service period the estimated amounts of the shares that will be earned with changes made during the service period adjusted using the cumulative catch up method. Had the Company determined that it was probable that the maximum amount of those outstanding awards from the fiscal 2014 agreements would be earned
 an additional &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.2 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; would have been accrued as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;A summary of the Company's compensation cost related to performance share agreements is as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:96.484375%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=13 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=50% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=14% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;For the years ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Date of Performance Share Agreement&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;October&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;October&amp;#160;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;October&amp;#160;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;November 1
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;November 1
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;November 1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total compensation cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Under the Company&amp;#8217;s Stock Option Plan
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
250
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares of common stock were reserved for grant to key management personnel. Options outstanding at October&amp;#160;31
 2008
 were granted in fiscal 2002
 had &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;ten&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;-year terms and vested over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;four&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years beginning one year after the date of grant. The Company did not grant any options during fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The Stock Option Plan has been superseded by the Plan described above and no further options may be issued under the Stock Option Plan.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;A summary of the Company&amp;#8217;s stock option activity and related information is as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=73% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=12% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Shares&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Weighted-Average&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Exercise Price&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at October&amp;#160;31
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at October&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at October&amp;#160;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;During the fiscal year ended October&amp;#160;31
 2012
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; options were exercised with an intrinsic value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$197

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 warrants


 to the extent they are dilutive. These awards are included in the calculation of basic earnings per share under the two-class method. The two-class method allocates earnings for the period between common shareholders and other security holders. The participating awards receiving dividends are allocated the same amount of income as if they were outstanding shares.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The following table presents earnings per share (in thousands).&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=53% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=13% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;For the years ended&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;October 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;October 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;October 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;249
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130
617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Distributed and undistributed (earnings) to unvested restricted stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Distributed and undistributed earnings to common shareholders &amp;#8212; Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;242
267&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;126
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding &amp;#8212; Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding &amp;#8212; Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 long-term debt and capital lease obligations were as follows (in millions):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=45% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;October 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;October 31


 primarily cash equivalents representing overnight investments and debt instruments. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. A three-level hierarchy is followed for disclosure to show the extent and level of judgment used to estimate fair value measurements:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level 1 &amp;#8211; Inputs used to measure fair value are unadjusted quoted prices that are available in active markets for the identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level 2 &amp;#8211; Inputs used to measure fair value
 other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date through correlation with market data
 including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and quoted prices in markets that are not active. Level 2 also includes assets and liabilities that are valued using models or other pricing methodologies that do not require significant judgment since the input assumptions used in the models
 such as interest rates and volatility factors

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the Company estimates the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposal. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss
 based on the fair value of the assets

  
  
  

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;127
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;63
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23
641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;140
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32
628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Significant components of the Company&amp;#8217;s deferred tax assets and liabilities were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=8 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=73% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;October&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaid and other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;64
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71
707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued expenses and accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Compensation on restricted stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State income tax credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
310&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(18
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Included in the deferred tax assets at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 are North Carolina Investing in Business Property Credit and North Carolina Jobs Credits totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$13
012
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 as well as Georgia Job Tax Credits totaling &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3
535
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. The North Carolina Investing in Business Property Credit provides a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; investment tax credit for property located in a North Carolina development area
 the North Carolina Creating Jobs Credit provides a tax credit for increased employment in North Carolina
 and the Georgia Job Tax Credit provides a tax credit for creation and retention of qualifying jobs in Georgia. It is management&amp;#8217;s opinion that the majority of the North Carolina and Georgia income tax credits will not be utilized before they expire
 and a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$15
914
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; valuation allowance has been recorded. These credits expire between fiscal years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2023&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;For fiscal years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company carried a full valuation allowance against its carry-forwards related to the North Carolina Investing in Business Property Credit
 North Carolina Jobs Credits
 and Georgia Job Tax Credits. The Company considered all available evidence in determining whether it was more likely than not that those credits were recoverable. After considering all available evidence at &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the Company determined that it was more likely than not that a portion of those credits would be recovered. Accordingly
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$314
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to the North Carolina credits and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$319
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; related to the Georgia credits were released from the valuation allowance and benefited fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; deferred income tax expense.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The differences between the consolidated effective income tax rate and the federal statutory rate of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=12 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=59% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Years Ended October&amp;#160;31
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income taxes at statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;132
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;70
040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
967&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State income tax credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal income tax credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal manufacturers (deduction) recapture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12
636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Nondeductible expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32
628&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#1e1e1e;&gt;In September 2013
 the Internal Revenue Service (&amp;#8220;IRS&amp;#8221;) released final tangible property regulations under Sections 162(a) and 263(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &amp;#8220;Code&amp;#8221;)
 regarding the deduction and capitalization of expenditures related to tangible property. The final regulations replaced temporary regulations that were issued in December 2011. The IRS also released proposed regulations under Section 168 of the Code regarding dispositions of tangible property. These final and proposed regulations will be effective for the Company&amp;#8217;s fiscal year ending October 31
 2015. However
 depending on the Company's election
 certain portions may require an accounting method change on a retroactive basis
 thus requiring a IRC Section 481(a) adjustment related to fixed asset deferred taxes. The Company continues to review the regulations
 but does not believe there will be a material impact on its results of operations
 financial position

  
  
  

 stock based compensation programs and self-insurance programs accounted for differently for financial and income tax purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Valuation allowances are recorded when it is more likely than not some or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company is periodically audited by taxing authorities and considers any adjustments
 interest

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Live poultry-broilers and breeders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;122
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;124
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Feed
 eggs and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34
949&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Processed poultry&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32
139&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepared chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaging materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;190
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;205

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 eggs
 medication and packaging supplies are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out method) or market value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Live poultry inventories of broilers are stated at the lower of cost or market value and breeders at cost less accumulated amortization. The costs associated with breeders
 including breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower pay
 are accumulated up to the production stage and amortized over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;nine months&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; using the straight-line method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;When the projected cost to complete
 process and sell broilers exceeds the expected market value for the finished product

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance changing the criteria for recognizing revenue. The guidance also modifies the related disclosure requirements
 clarifies guidance for multiple-element arrangements and provides guidance for transactions that were not addressed fully in previous guidance. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Plant and Equipment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Property
 plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation of property

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 except per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;584
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;660
717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;768
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;760
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68
798&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;108
406&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;161
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;182
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50
988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;93
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted earnings (loss) per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=45% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal Year 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;595
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;621
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;738
964&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;727
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58
962&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;133
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;102
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
943&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;67
919&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45

  
  

 the Company extends credit to its customers on a short-term basis. Although credit risks associated with our customers are considered minimal
 the Company routinely reviews its accounts receivable balances and makes provisions for probable doubtful accounts based on an individual assessment of a customer&amp;#8217;s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends
 including the aging of receivable balances. In circumstances where management is aware of a specific customer&amp;#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. If circumstances change (i.e.
 higher than expected defaults or an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer&amp;#8217;s ability to meet its financial obligations to us)

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and other prepared chicken items. The Company&amp;#8217;s net sales and cost of sales are significantly affected by market price fluctuations of its principal products sold and of its principal feed ingredients
 corn and other grains.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company sells to retailers
 distributors and casual dining operators primarily in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States. Management periodically performs credit evaluations of its customers&amp;#8217; financial condition and generally does not require collateral. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;One&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; customer accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for each of the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Sales to that customer accounted for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated net sales in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Shipping and handling costs are included as a component of cost of sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Generally
 revenue is recognized in connection with a transaction when the Company has agreed to sell
 and our customer has agreed to purchase
 a specific quantity of product
 when delivery has occurred
 when the price to the buyer has been fixed
 and when collectability is reasonably assured. For most customers
 this occurs when the product is delivered to customers
 which for domestic sales usually occurs at the time of shipment. Revenue on certain international sales is recognized upon transfer of title
 which may occur after shipment. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
 cooperative advertising allowances

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued bonuses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
264&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21
574&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Workers&amp;#8217; compensation claims&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
047&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
531&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued wages&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
686&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
708&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued rebates&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
618&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued vacation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
380&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
174&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued property taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
491&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
484&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
365&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
464&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued payroll taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
561&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;842&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Post-retirement benefit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
244&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred revenue&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;400&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other accrued expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
413&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
232&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;67
446&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;October&amp;#160;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;October&amp;#160;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;November 1
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
543&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
425&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;November 1
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;November 1
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:20px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total compensation cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
366&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;127
519&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;63
923&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;23
641&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12
766&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
589&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;992&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;140
285&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69
512&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
633&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8
769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
389&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
435&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;577&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(40&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9
867&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
995&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Term loan
 accruing interest at 6.12%
 maturing in 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Capital lease obligation
 imputed interest at 5.53%
 original maturity in 2015
 Company completed early purchase option in July 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40
213&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Less current maturities of long-term debt and capital leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
799&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax liabilities:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Property
 plant and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;62
912&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69
942&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaid and other assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
894&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
765&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;64
806&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;71
707&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deferred tax assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Accrued expenses and accounts receivable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
903&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
187&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Inventory&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Compensation on restricted stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
535&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
514&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State income tax credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
547&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
796&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
310&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(15
914&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(18
098&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
062&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;19
096&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52
611&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Current deferred tax assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(478&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Long-term deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53
089&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net deferred tax liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42
744&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;October 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;October 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;249
048&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130
617&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;53
944&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Distributed and undistributed (earnings) to unvested restricted stock&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
781&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3
704&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
612&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;padding-left:12px;text-indent:-12px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Distributed and undistributed earnings to common shareholders &amp;#8212; Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;242
267&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;126
913&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;52
332&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding &amp;#8212; Basic&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
280&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Weighted average shares outstanding &amp;#8212; Diluted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
441&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22
363&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;22


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=11 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income taxes at statutory rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;132
813&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;70
040&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;30
300&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State income taxes&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4
978&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
967&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;State income tax credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7
276&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
908&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal income tax credits&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(715&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(130&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Federal manufacturers (deduction) recapture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12
636&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
469&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(2
191&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Nondeductible expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
909&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
353&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
008&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other
 net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(155&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(238&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(18&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Change in valuation allowance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
675&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
600&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Income tax expense&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;130
418&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;69
496&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32


025.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;955.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;821.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales and Customer Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
005.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;932.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;799.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td rowspan=5 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Frozen Chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;257.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;282.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;314.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales and Customer Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;255.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;281.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;312.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td rowspan=5 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Vacuum Sealed Chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
026.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
009.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;875.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales and Customer Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
009.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;992.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;862.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td rowspan=5 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Partially Cooked Chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;155.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales and Customer Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;154.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;89.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td rowspan=5 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mechanically Deboned Chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales and Customer Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td rowspan=5 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Totals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
839.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
750.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
445.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(13.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(13.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales and Customer Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(29.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(29.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(27.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(22.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(24.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(18.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
774.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
683.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
386.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other deductions include short weights
 credit memos
 rebates and other items
 none of which
 individually




&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Live poultry-broilers and breeders&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;122
181&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;124
260&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Feed
 eggs and other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;26
221&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;34
949&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Processed poultry&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
426&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;32
139&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepared chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
483&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Packaging materials&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
603&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;8
024&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;190
823&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;205

  

 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 are as follows (in thousands):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=4 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=87% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Amount&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20


 except per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(Unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;584
883&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;660
717&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;768
395&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;760
850&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;68
798&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;108
406&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;161
392&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;182
351&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;28
871&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;50
988&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;76
080&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;93
109&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Diluted earnings (loss) per share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1.25&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2.21&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4.04&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:12pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:12pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=45% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal Year 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;First&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Second&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Third&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fourth&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Quarter&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands
 except per share data)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(unaudited)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;595
760&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;621
195&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;738
964&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;727
061&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross profit&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;10
893&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;58
962&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;133
946&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;102
124&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net income (loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
943&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;24
371&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;67
919&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45


 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;7
501&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1
500&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at October&amp;#160;31
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6
001&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Exercised&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12.37&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at October&amp;#160;31


 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;566
513&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.44&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted during fiscal 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;118
175&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested during 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(81
819&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39.97&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited during 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(14
669&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.32&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at October&amp;#160;31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;588
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;43.98&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted during fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;78
700&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;48.50&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested during 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(87
431&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited during 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10
844&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;45.30&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at October&amp;#160;31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;568
625&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;44.85&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Granted during fiscal 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98
925&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;67.26&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Vested during 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(84
601&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.22&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Forfeited during 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(16
899&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;47.20&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Outstanding at October&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;566


 Inc. and Subsidiaries&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Valuation and Qualifying Accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Schedule II&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=18 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=41% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;COL. A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;COL. B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;COL. C&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;COL. D&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;COL. E&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;COL. F&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Classification&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;at&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Beginning&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;of Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Charged&amp;#160;to&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Costs and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Charged&amp;#160;to&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Other&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Deductions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Describe(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Balance&amp;#160;at&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;End of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Period&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=17 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In Thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Year Ended October 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deducted from accounts receivable:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Totals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Year Ended October 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deducted from accounts receivable:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Totals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;470&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;55&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
200&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Year Ended October 31
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Deducted from accounts receivable:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:52px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Totals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
373&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;412&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
785&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;_________________&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Uncollectible accounts written off

  
  

 if management were to use different actuarial assumptions
 or if there is a negative trend in the Company&amp;#8217;s claims history
 there could be a significant increase or decrease in cost of sales depending on whether these expenses increased or decreased

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 including grants of employee stock options
 restricted stock and performance-based shares in the income statement based on their fair values. For performance-based shares

  
  
  
  
  
  

 Inc. (the &amp;#8220;Company&amp;#8221;) and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Business:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; The Company is engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and other prepared chicken items. The Company&amp;#8217;s net sales and cost of sales are significantly affected by market price fluctuations of its principal products sold and of its principal feed ingredients
 corn and other grains.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company sells to retailers
 distributors and casual dining operators primarily in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States. Management periodically performs credit evaluations of its customers&amp;#8217; financial condition and generally does not require collateral. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;One&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; customer accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for each of the years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;October&amp;#160;31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;. Sales to that customer accounted for &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15.9%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;14.2%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;13.0%&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; of the Company&amp;#8217;s consolidated net sales in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. Shipping and handling costs are included as a component of cost of sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Generally
 revenue is recognized in connection with a transaction when the Company has agreed to sell
 and our customer has agreed to purchase
 a specific quantity of product
 when delivery has occurred
 when the price to the buyer has been fixed
 and when collectability is reasonably assured. For most customers
 this occurs when the product is delivered to customers
 which for domestic sales usually occurs at the time of shipment. Revenue on certain international sales is recognized upon transfer of title
 which may occur after shipment. Revenue is recognized as the net amount estimated to be received after deducting estimated amounts for discounts
 cooperative advertising allowances
 product terms and other items.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;RECONCILIATION OF GROSS SALES TO NET SALES DOLLARS (in millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=14 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=16% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=48% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=9% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Product&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;text-decoration:underline;&gt;Category&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Description&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal Year 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal Year 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;Fiscal Year 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td rowspan=5 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Ice Packed Chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;336.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;367.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;308.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(3.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(4.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales and Customer Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(11.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(11.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;313.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;342.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;287.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td rowspan=5 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Chill Pack Chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
025.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;955.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;821.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales and Customer Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(10.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
005.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;932.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;799.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td rowspan=5 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Frozen Chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;257.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;282.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;314.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales and Customer Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;255.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;281.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;312.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td rowspan=5 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fresh Vacuum Sealed Chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
026.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
009.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;875.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales and Customer Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(9.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(8.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(6.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(7.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(5.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;1
009.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;992.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;862.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td rowspan=5 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Partially Cooked Chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;155.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;98.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;90.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales and Customer Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(0.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;154.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;96.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;89.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td rowspan=5 style=vertical-align:middle;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Mechanically Deboned Chicken&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales and Customer Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#8212;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;36.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;38.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;35.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td rowspan=5 style=vertical-align:middle;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Totals&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Gross Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
839.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
750.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
445.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Commissions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(12.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(13.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(13.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales and Customer Allowances&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(29.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(29.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(27.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:9pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(22.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(24.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(18.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-right:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:28px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Net Sales&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
774.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
683.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2
386.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:24px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;padding-left:0px;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;(1)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other deductions include short weights
 credit memos
 rebates and other items
 none of which
 individually
 is material.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Sales of offal to rendering companies are considered by-products; accordingly
 these amounts reduce cost of sales and totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$43.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$47.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$43.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; in fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company sells certain of its products either directly to foreign markets or to U.S. based customers who resell the product in foreign markets. These foreign markets are primarily Russia
 Eastern Europe
 China
 Mexico and the Caribbean. These export sales for fiscal years &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; totaled approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$282.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$292.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$318.7 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively. The Company does not believe that the amount of sales attributable to any single foreign country is material to its total sales during any of the periods presented. The Company&amp;#8217;s export sales are facilitated through independent food brokers located in the United States and the Company&amp;#8217;s internal sales staff.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Use of Estimates:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Actual results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Cash Equivalents:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; The Company considers all highly liquid investments with maturities of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;ninety days&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; or less when purchased to be cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Allowance for Doubtful Accounts:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; In the normal course of business
 the Company extends credit to its customers on a short-term basis. Although credit risks associated with our customers are considered minimal
 the Company routinely reviews its accounts receivable balances and makes provisions for probable doubtful accounts based on an individual assessment of a customer&amp;#8217;s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends
 including the aging of receivable balances. In circumstances where management is aware of a specific customer&amp;#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. If circumstances change (i.e.
 higher than expected defaults or an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer&amp;#8217;s ability to meet its financial obligations to us)
 our estimates of the recoverability of amounts due us could be reduced by a material amount and the allowance for doubtful accounts and related bad debt expense would increase by the same amount.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Inventories:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Processed and prepared inventories and inventories of feed
 eggs
 medication and packaging supplies are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out method) or market value.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Live poultry inventories of broilers are stated at the lower of cost or market value and breeders at cost less accumulated amortization. The costs associated with breeders
 including breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower pay
 are accumulated up to the production stage and amortized over &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;nine months&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; using the straight-line method.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;When the projected cost to complete
 process and sell broilers exceeds the expected market value for the finished product
 the Company reduces the value of live inventories from cost to market.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Property
 plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation of property
 plant and equipment is provided by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;15&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;39&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for buildings and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; to &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;12&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; years for machinery and equipment. During fiscal 2014 and 2013
 the Company capitalized interest of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.1 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$75
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 related to the new complex under construction in Palestine
 Texas. With the absence of a major construction project
 the Company did not capitalize any interest during fiscal 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; The Company continually reevaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets based on events or changes in circumstances which indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. As part of this reevaluation and when indicators are present
 the Company estimates the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposal. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss
 based on the fair value of the assets
 is recognized through a charge to operations.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Self-Insurance Programs:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Insurance expense for workers&amp;#8217; compensation benefits and employee-related health care benefits are estimated using historical experience and actuarial estimates. The Company accrues expenses in its workers&amp;#8217; compensation and employee benefit plans for both known claims as well as claims incurred but not reported. Stop-loss coverage is maintained with third party insurers to limit the Company&amp;#8217;s total exposure. Management regularly reviews the assumptions used to recognize periodic expenses. Any resulting adjustments to accrued claims are reflected in current operating results. There are no material adjustments to expenses accrued in prior periods in current expenses. If historical experience proves not to be a good indicator of future expenses
 if management were to use different actuarial assumptions
 or if there is a negative trend in the Company&amp;#8217;s claims history
 there could be a significant increase or decrease in cost of sales depending on whether these expenses increased or decreased
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Advertising and Marketing Costs:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses and totaled &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$12.9 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$3.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1.3 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; for fiscal &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Income Taxes:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Deferred income taxes are accounted for using the liability method and relate principally to depreciation expense
 stock based compensation programs and self-insurance programs accounted for differently for financial and income tax purposes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Valuation allowances are recorded when it is more likely than not some or all of a deferred tax asset will not be realized.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;The Company is periodically audited by taxing authorities and considers any adjustments
 interest
 and penalties incurred as a result of the audits in computing and reporting income tax expense. Any audit adjustments affecting permanent differences could have an impact on the Company&amp;#8217;s effective tax rate. Tax periods for fiscal years 2010 through 2014 remain open to examination by federal and state taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Share-Based Compensation:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; The Company accounts for all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of employee stock options
 restricted stock and performance-based shares in the income statement based on their fair values. For performance-based shares
 the Company recognizes expense when management determines the performance criteria are probable of being met.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Earnings Per Share:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; Basic earnings per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Share-based payment awards entitling holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities and thus included in the calculation of basic earnings per share. These awards are included in the calculation of basic earnings per share under the two-class method. The two-class method allocates earnings for the period between common shareholders and other security holders. The participating awards receiving dividends are allocated the same amount of income as if they were outstanding shares. Diluted earnings per share includes any dilutive effects of options
 warrants
 restricted stock and convertible securities.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; The Company holds certain items that are required to be disclosed at fair value
 primarily cash equivalents representing overnight investments and debt instruments. Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. A three-level hierarchy is followed for disclosure to show the extent and level of judgment used to estimate fair value measurements:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level 1 &amp;#8211; Inputs used to measure fair value are unadjusted quoted prices that are available in active markets for the identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level 2 &amp;#8211; Inputs used to measure fair value
 other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date through correlation with market data
 including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and quoted prices in markets that are not active. Level 2 also includes assets and liabilities that are valued using models or other pricing methodologies that do not require significant judgment since the input assumptions used in the models
 such as interest rates and volatility factors
 are corroborated by readily observable data from actively quoted markets for substantially the full term of the financial instrument.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Level 3 &amp;#8211; Inputs used to measure fair value are unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and reflect the use of significant management judgment. These values are generally determined using pricing models for which the assumptions utilize management&amp;#8217;s estimates of market participant assumptions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;At October&amp;#160;31
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 the fair value of the Company&amp;#8217;s cash and short-term cash investments of approximately &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$165.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$85.6 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 respectively
 approximated their carrying value due to the short maturity of these financial instruments and were categorized as a Level 2 measurement. Inputs used to measure fair value were primarily recent trading prices and prevailing market interest rates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Fair values for debt are based on quoted market prices or published forward interest rate curves and were categorized as Level 2 measurements. The fair value and carrying value of the Company&amp;#8217;s borrowings under its credit facilities
 long-term debt and capital lease obligations were as follows (in millions):&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:0px;text-indent:0px;line-height:normal;padding-top:10px;&gt;&lt;table cellpadding=0 cellspacing=0 style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;width:100%;border-collapse:collapse;text-align:left;&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=16 rowspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td width=45% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=11% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td width=1% rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;October 31
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;October 31
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&amp;#160;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Fair&amp;#160;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;&gt;Carrying&amp;#160;Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Total Debt (In millions)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;21.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;20.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;42.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;40.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1px solid #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=line-height:120%;padding-top:16px;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;&gt;Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#252525;&gt;In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued guidance changing the criteria for recognizing revenue. The guidance also modifies the related disclosure requirements
 clarifies guidance for multiple-element arrangements and provides guidance for transactions that were not addressed fully in previous guidance. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods and interim periods within those annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2016

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center;font-size:8pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:8pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;(In thousands)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Parts and supplies&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;18
307&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;16
880&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Prepaid insurance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
397&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;9
450&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:top;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;Other prepaid expenses&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5
348&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3
537&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:1px solid #000000;background-color:#cceeff; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;33
052&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;br clear=none/&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px;padding-right:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=overflow:hidden;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-left:2px;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:left;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=vertical-align:bottom;border-bottom:3px double #000000;padding-top:2px;padding-bottom:2px; rowspan=1 colspan=1&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:right;font-size:10pt;&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;29

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


















































 credit memos
 rebates and other items
 none of which
 individually














































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    


    
    


    





 Dividends
 Per Share







    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    














    
    


    

 Nonvested Awards



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    

 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized





    

 Contributions by Plan Participants
 Percentage of Salary





    

 Employer Contribution















    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options











    






    





 percentage of grants made

    





 percentage of grants made

    


















    





















 Options






 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Nonvested Options Forfeited





    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    


    
    


    


    




    


    




    




    




    




    

 Trade and Other Accounts Receivable
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts



    







 Plant and Equipment



    




    
    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    






    

 Capitalized
 Prepaid



    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    




    


    


    




    
    














    
    
    




    




    
    



 accruing interest at 6.12%

    



 imputed interest at 5.53%
 original maturity in 2015

    




    


    






    



 interest rate


 Interest Rate





    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    









































 Shares






 Shares



    
    


    


    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    










    


    
    


    


    




    
    


    
    




    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance





    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    

 Tax Credit
 Investment



    




    

 Deferred Tax Asset



    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    



 $.71 and $1.32 per share for the year ended 2012





    

 Shares
 Share-based Compensation



    

 Value
 Share-based Compensation



    




    


    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    

 State and Local Income Taxes



    

 Tax Credit



    

 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity



    

 Nondeductible Expense






 Other Adjustments



    


    

 Future Minimum Payments Due



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments



    

 Future Minimum Payments




 Future Minimum Payments Due











    

 Maturities



    

 Maturities



    
    


    




    





 less allowance of $2
200 in 2014 and $2


 Net



    




    

 Net of Valuation Allowance



    




    







 Plant and Equipment



    
    




    





 Plant and Equipment
 Gross


 Plant and Equipment



    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant




 Plant and Equipment
 Net


 Plant and Equipment



    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    


    




    


    




    




    

 Net



    
    


    
    


    

 Number of Shares




 $100 par value: authorized shares-500
000; none issued - Par value to be determined by the Board of Directors: authorized shares-4
500


 Value




 $1 par value: authorized shares-100
000
000; issued and outstanding shares- 23
130
503 in 2014 and 23
016


 Value



    




    
    


    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    






    

 Feed



    
    




    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    










    

 Stock Options



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    










    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
















    

 Capacity Available for Specific Purpose Other than for Trade Purchases





    

 Capacity Available for Specific Purpose Other than for Trade Purchases











    
    
    




    



 maximum debt to total capitalization ratio



    




    
    














    













 Periodic Payment





    

 First Installment Payment



    

 Goods



    
    


    


    




    
    


    




    


    


    
    

 Capitalized
 Prepaid



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Goods



    
    


    

 Returns and Allowances



    
    
    


    


    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    







 Employer Matching Contribution




 employer matching contribution


 Employer Matching Contribution









    







 Property



    




    




    




    
    




    




    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



    


    




    


    




    




    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Options



    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    


    

 Options



    


    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    

 Options
 Exercises in Period



    

 Options
 Forfeitures in Period



    


    


    
    


    
    










    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    




    


    

 Income Taxes
 Extraordinary Items



    


    


    


    


    

 Dividends
 Per Share



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    

 Major Customer



    




    




    
    


    



 including breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower pay
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format. For example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months






 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    




















    
    



 Inputs


 Inputs



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Balance Sheet Grouping


 Balance Sheet Grouping



    




    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    


    


    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures



    


    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Noncash Items



    
    


    
    


    

 Plant



    

 Plant



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    
    


    




    


    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    





 Rent Expense




 feed ingredients

    



 feed ingredients





    
    
    


    
    


    








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 bnlsbreast20142010.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!


M:7_R#=._Z\;3_P!)XZO4`4?[
TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;H_LS3?^@=8_P#@);__
M`!NKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_X6__`
;H_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QNKU%`%'^S--_Z
M!UC_`.`EO_\`&Z/[
TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QN
MC^S--_Z!UC_X6__`
;J]10!1_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNC^S--_Z!UC_`.`E
MO_\`&ZO44`4?[

MHFG:EK.H_P!GZ1I]W=_8=)TZ_P!2N_)\BQL[FYDBA?Y8\0_\%!/V(_OP^!
MG[4&O?%*QL/@7^TGXP\%^`O@KXX_X5E\3+K_`(33Q9\0O[7_`.$/TG_A&;+P




M;^SOKWQHTCXA?LJ?M%_#7X;?#?PO\*9?B@/&?BK7/COXX^&.A_`^_P!!L[?4
M-/O-


M%_%KX4ZYX:\=?#CXA^'=


MV'_`?PAT3XH?LC_L=^-?V@=+^+FK7OA/1-
\0?#*?Q)8_LJ?M&:=HD$=M]N^

$VOV4O`/Q_^#.A_`#X



MR2=1^TI8/)

M*YM0KP_AMX98[



M:CHOPA^

[OPQ\
M4N-0^'?B7Q3)JUB
M?%5MJMB^B/9P7ND3W
URF=^P9_P23^*G@6?_`(+??L@?$'P1\3_^$?\`C1^S


16K91B
RK4XTJV#R3B/
Y8%QJ1K9C5RC/



M=^R)I/[2OPO_`&0-1^)?A^V_:*^
_P`.)?BU\

5GXBU!M:

EN\$DO4?L[?M
?LY?M8:



TW_H

M[='A7XW_`+/?_L?V6_V@_BOX^*/P[U+XF^&_'TVK:)\5?AO\-O%'PTL+K1


XV%*C2=#'5


MN/\`[



UA^S%/K_`
(O'7B+
MP_XI^-OAK]FPT2ZN/@_HUYHEUX:\8?&KP)K]D?#^CZSX8T_5OB-\/;[4O$.
M@Z#?:WB?Q)9:K[W^R9^R[\:_AI^V/\`\$7?C(GP-^-F@^*O%O\`P3^^*_AW

M7K
5_H





M]=^(_@&XTW^T+?2=5TK6[B/;;U:
G@$J=2/UFG@HRA'EJ5L7.=#@B&)GE=.4
MJ5/%UGBN*
);?0-*M_$%]:A1;7VNQ:=!'JUW;*E
MM9J(+F_6XFA6EJOENH6V@&(E_@I^&_[,7[4D/[$5Y\*;'X1_MW^*?VD?G_


7A^=^T]KQ7




M_P#9FF_]`ZQ_\!+?_P-U\A:M^V!\&M&_;A\*_L77A#QC)\8O%_[/FJ?M):


_\`!2/4_P#@G'\8O^=7[3?


M

M:_9T_:'\5_LW1?$WQ'XDTCP=I?A2;]J3PS\(-6_9QANCXLUW2_#6H7LOQ232


LT
MEM748T


MA
-6HU)QJ8;ZW+-\%@(?W1?V9IO_`$#K'_P$M_\`XW7R%JW[8'P:T;]N'PK^






M@^




\XRW!XBM5H2PT\/@
3GT\
MJQ6*=+$U:#H6PM*6.P];&.CA_8U*.)E[3!SA7J^93E.=+-FZ
EB
!E.8XVA1


M`_MG_M0^-M2^('PWUKXS)KOP
M?`OP[\4#P'\-YK$7'@)]#_`&=OA1X=M=.O
M_%UQH^G:I;PZLOAW]'_VN?\`@EW\`_#G[$7@7X;?#?Q7^T7^SO=_$KX^?!_]





M%J-I_:MW!+%_:E]:6NBV.WS-2U&SB97/O7]F:;_T#K'_`
!+?_XW7\9/QE_9




M
^LW=XVKR16VFRW.II5&+FJ\)N7UB6:1PV!H^QG1J5
$^#
-O%_AOQ
MUJ^C07UEITEG\*_@C\5OCKXM,]^[I!+%X!^'@/XA^.Y[,HQOM5@\.2:9IB
M%)-1O+2.1&;YD_9C_P"@W['_PV/J7V']G+4/BE\0;%=2\1:'<^
)_V2/VJ

WAO5O%UGKLEY-!86^GS














M


M3:AXLO\`4-5T[0[S\+?!O[/W[2GA3]A_]B;]C+5_V5?VM1\=O@/_`
%G-&^+








M)=7NJ:?7_84^.O[5'[
GP0_:+^('QT^#/_!1/]H#X'^)_P!M[Q#X/_8K\#^*
M/`'BWXN?MCZ%^SYXCUC4;&T\8_%#PY\4=;T;XVZ+\*=$UVRO9M(U3XV7[?$'


RO[9+N#7O!'CO0O#?C/PIJ\<3JM]H'BG
M0=&UW2[D/::GIUG=12PI_/W_`
%
?!?PUU_QQ^V1XS\`?LW_`/!2;P'_`
%!



-PM/VM*<(IX+$1Q53/*F&H85/FJUL?EV$P.70

M2OCY\+/A(?$G@OX:68\.^(/V=#&OC:\^(W]F?%#6#I&C:H9%_P$5N/#(\7W
MM\`?[7T_0^,_KQ_9FF_]`ZQ_\!+?_P-U_#\`OV3OB[X2^%/_!$U?VC/V1O
MVJ;OX9?+]IS_@HQK_[1_A#3OV8?VD/&NM^%_`?CW6-'7PC#\2?AK\
_A_KW
MCV[\#_$L[=.E\.ZIX:O?#?Q)\(W&NZ+K.F:_X-O/$%E-](^$OV%OB/X[_8\_




M)AZ//0E4I]^;8:AA







ZNG:A<R7RQWP:1JT]EVYPZ&



HRW&8GWDZGU+X3

MG5.O)3A7RS`/$.=+UOK='^@W^S--_Z!UC_X6__`
;KYL_:U_:%\)?L@?`K



%?#-0Q
L-6S;C/*5CL#%QK4JW(N

MQGX.\2Z5#;SZ;K_ACQ-I=KK.A:Q82^4IDM-2TR]MKN!F56\N9=ZJV5'5_P!F
M:;_T#K'_`
!+?_XW7Y5_\$
=&\4:%_P2:_8DLO%EIJ%C?7'PIN-9TBTU1)4O
M8?!GB'QAXGU_P#N691)]GF\$ZEH%Q8



M15=-U:^%H5:DJ/.J
YSIQE*=#VBC4]A4DW.C[2

M?_`2W_\`C=']F:;_`-`ZQ_\``2W_`/C=7J*X#L*/]F:;_P!`ZQ_\!+?_`.-T
M?V9IO_0.L?\`P$M__C=7J*`*/]F:;_T#K'_P$M__`(W1_9FF_P#0.L?_``$M


HW_
M`(?\,:YH^FQZG+[487M-433_&-*^.&N:S^SUJGB/29=5U3QGH7P$N/%^O\`
MCZTT[PZ/#6B^/5\#)KL&E7





MW=A8:KX4\
6UA+;C4(]4VZ<4W:$*DO






M0BYEN?$'B..^U[X@(HM)%TQ;M-1_L_0J=J/Q[TW7;+0/&?AS7-8M/`&H?!KX
M[^


M

?


M1]5T^YN+'4M

ZU%:)?2V?/^/?VA_








-?N-3\/:'=SC6_!%LNF:WX
MJ6U;0=
E\.:EXML/'^KF]74=*9]3\+^#?$&A6*ZG$VHZK:+8ZR=
?*_:0I)7




7\EBH^\J7+JZW+[)?
M:FI^R]F[;I595J
*7-9U)U:4()RK4E.IKDE.
MZ='V]2VO)%5L10G!VU=2E/




EG!'9Z8U]%X8\(V'AO4=2L+


B

MCU37-!@NAK?@B9+K7_#5I=WFN:1_PC5IXNN?B'IKV*:;JL8U;7?!.D^'+R;3

MEL4XK6?VD?!WAGPMK'B+Q;H?B+PAJ&A^

M6=JOB*Z\=K\-8;:X\



MM4^6


MDK'8:U--IO@F'QCJPAT+5)8K&9!9&]?*W)PM[RJ*F]K

&Y)/Z!
MKA?B=\




:03]GAO=1L9;ZP6ZPK1H


M?@+\





M=^&==\3^'[J'4=%U/3KFUN;#6;U4^TF&Y2YAF@3C%U?XTVM]\+O`\'B_P`'
M1^*_%7@OQOXU\7Z]XJ\W7B:RM+_`$74?`R)X;\.:5X4\9?#F.VT?3Y/&=U8


M-4\+:C'K<^G^*?%D*:-<P7WAZ'7O$%]#IMWK.#J/Q[TW7;+
M0/&?AS7-8M/`&H?!KX[^

M9!I^LW:7VCOJ:YE[VJ]Q57+^ZJ%&A7K*76


M6=IY'B_2-?MK'R?/TV&SN9)9GL_M&_LU_!O]K/X7:I\%OCYX:U;QG\+]=U#2
%=:O;[PSJL

I2FL






M3=2FG&


M



97_`/Q_7O\`U]W/_HYZ]-KS*_\`^/Z]_PONY_]'/0!Z=I.





G^?@GX
MD^.WC[XFQ_`*Y^/2^.YD\&WGPZ^*G[.%]X:T7]IS5=-O/B[X)N_%2^-;/2(]
M3\#Z7]L_LJ_&'Q'\9O@W;^*?'D'A^T\<^&/B'\9_@UX[N_]E?Z+X0UWQK\!


M2C4E5C'*\3.O3HQGAG7VO['U;_H%ZC_X!7/_`
:H_L?5O^@7J/\`X!7/_P`:

U;6M
T.75;&/6-1T?0;K1;'7-6L-

MFBWOB3P[9ZM?V\$EKIUUKVBV]Y+#+JEBD^E]KM/^?FW_`._T?_Q58DGB']CZ
MM_T]1_\`KG_`.-4?V/JW_0+U'_PN?_`(U7M_VNT_Y^;?\`[_1__%4?:[3_

DXN

MI%2BTTCX_3X+7]KXLNO$VDZ_\1]$LM5O].U?Q%X/TQ-'7PSXDUG2]*L]%MM4

M/!WAY?&^@^'O$/P^E^'WBG3M


=2^`

M)IP\*^)_%'@V/3H_#7B'5VN/#MQXG@O=


M'VNT_P?FW_[_1__`!5%DDE:\5S^Z]8OGC3@W*+O&34*-&G4DW3IT:5.FXP

MVINE7J4Y4XVA*#Y'%PO%_(FG_!*ST[0?A=X=BM?%$UA\)9+*3PZUQ#&\^H?8




US:(E]8W=F\UK)]9_:[3_GYM_\`O]'_`/%4?:[3


MD7.NWMPFF^%K#1X-2L/[$LK?04TW2;#2-/M`\$NDW:B'ROM+[7:?\_-O_P!_
MH_\`XJC[7:?\_-O_`-_H_P#XJFG:R2244E%))**6&6#M!)6A%X51H.
4E*$8








&BZ:FE3V*1WW/V
M;]KM/^?FW_[_`$?_`,51]KM/^?FW_P_T?\`\53G^\]IS^][6I*K4OKS3G#V








M?Q4X\
_$3QC\3+$2Q1MYVN^-O^$V&K6=YMTI/
TB#_A/-8_L^WA^SWL7V;3?



M-PWB'4[;49[_`

$J2K+%?1B\-2R_9JM=$T'P;I/A+5_B%X+U/P.?$R



M9.2;C*\5*/Q*S2DJE15(II5?:5'44W.=X24;))67+:-KQ7)2C0IM1=XWI48Q
)?
MB7%XQM_&<WCU_B1]A\'S^+;KQ'/X9F\%-/-I]YX#NO`,5LG@^2/P[#9V7@FT
M@@L[6[A5-7:YU*X^W_M=I_S\V__`'^C_P#BJ/M=I_S\V_\`W^C_`/BJ76;7


N?F


GBC7=5;3[CQ



M:^-2\
^'?$7AFP@6V86

OA/3EM)(;FWACCFO1-;


MO6:QE
EO]E^U/M=I_P`_-O\`]_H__BJ/M=I_S\V__?Z/_P*J;+E45HE3C25
MFT_9PHU\//






M




M37[QO`GQ&^']WKVH1Z/%J]_I7Q.N=(N==O;A--\+6&CP:E8?V)96^@IINDV&





H^,X++3U-K)!<))+YGV;]KM/^?FW_[_`$?_`,51]KM?^?FW_P_T?\`\552


^9J:DK)?)_P[^$3?#FQUVWL%\2ZU?^)_$E]XL\1:UJ^DZ+




M3_GYM_\`O]'_`/%4)M2C)63C06&BDDHJA&-*





(]9N;/3]&TWPY8:
MM;VVEVNDZAIEK/IT7BN[NIGCFA\5:#X<N]/TZ(13SQ_=GVNT_P?FW_[_1__

16K4XT



H_^`5S_P#&J]WH

K*
MP(92`0000*^TZ^._$__`
OB'_L.:M_Z7W%`'U1X8_Y%KP]_P!@/2?_`$@M






MX+^/(!X9\7Z[IED]E''H;:-]







M(Z`BBB@`HHHH`*SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_P#2:*M&L[1_^03I?_8.LO\`TFBH`T:*
M**`BBB@#.UC_D$ZI_V#KW_TFEK1K.UC_D$ZI_V#KW_TFEK1H`****`BBB@
M`K.LO^/G6/\`L(Q?^FG2ZT:SK+_CYUC_`+




MCB
?Q)F4ZSH4

J8?\`J?HK\?[;_@H%^T#^RG/;


3&G7=%RO&GBJ4:N#KVYL/B*L&I/Y7C

ZSC+
T@VJ$AMK:.6YO+RZGDAM+&RM8I;F]O)X+6WC
MDFF1#MAL/B

MM'^$K;5/A?XRM+^YTZ3^Q]1\.:L%T7Q58WEC;6[



UTJ


ZR_P/G6/^PC%_Z:=+K1K.
MLO\`CYUC_L(Q?^FG2ZT:`BBB@`HHHH`SM4_X]HO^PCH_P#Z=K*M&L[5/^/:
M+_L(Z/\`^G:RK1H`****`BBB@`K.LO^/G6/^PC%_PFG2ZT:SK+_CYUC_L(
MQ?\`IITN@#1HHHH`****`LZ7_D+67_8.U3_`-*='K1K.E_YUE_V#M4_P#2
MG1Z`-&BBB@`HHHH`****`
[1_P#D$Z7_`-@ZR_\`2:*M&L[1_P#D$Z7_`-@Z
MR_\`2:*M&@`HHHH`****`.!U'_D*ZG_U\6__`*;K&JM6M1_YNI_]?%O_PF










#J?^E5ZSX4\)^%O`?ACP[X(\#^&O#_`(


MG$X3$8QPC6Q$&\RQ+G4EB_K.

!?\%(

MOB;_`)2F_LA?]F`?\%)/_6BO^4E?I'7(9F=]MN?^@/J/_?W2?\`Y:4?;;G_
M`*`^H_\`?W2?_EI6C10!G?;;G_H#ZC_W]TG_`.6E'VVY_P@/J/_`']TG_Y:
M5HT4`9WVVY_Z`^H_]_=)_P#EI5#2KRX72]-5=*OY%6PLU$B2:8$D`MXP'02:

MRTH^VW/_`$!]1_[^Z3_\M*T:*`


$1W(!VH

M_P6E'VVY_Z`^H_]_=)_^6E:-%`&=]MN?^@/J/\`W]TG_P6E'VVY_Z`^H_]

M`-_=)_\`EI1]MN?^@/J/_?W2?_EI6C10!G?;;G_H#ZC_`-_=)_\`EI1]MN?^

M(M&UVT_1'X2?#+P9\O`GP\^$/PR\'7'AOP+\//$GAGPUHL
FE-(EC:S:6T


WG%M5



M@Q:N
JUQ'XI\5P6VHZY)9







MM'W
2^


4(?VN_V4=)FU5].L(]W

^$(

M:@(\2&VV

M
M?;5\@S*CD=:4OW5*

%QYEV;X


\IS%*FE^[_VJ\'K%IZGYO+X2_X*

8D)DN

M9&;U5JV5UZ*NVJ-[-9_\0TQ^7Z\


M\
W0GX+6\LNG_P!N6-LZ+N=WN;R&W54;

'CK]AW]D;XC&9



ZLF[4\/D&


GZ;?B#Q!ID4A`1M8\
Z@EGX

#C
MQV'ER8C!8_#5L'BZ$_

9A\?@
M&+PM2K0K0_O4ZDEYF=]MN?\`H#ZC_P!_=)_^6E'VVY_Z`^H_]_=)_P#EI6C1

MVVY_Z`^H_P#?W2?_`):4:I_Q[1?]A'1__3M95HT`9WVVY_Z`^H_]_=)_^6E'
MVVY_Z`^H_P#?W2?_`):5HT4`9WVVY_Z`^H_]_=)_^6E'VVY_Z`^H_P#?W2?_

M252Q51(#&9$V2(XD#HG05G67_'SK'_81B_]-.ET`'VVY_Z`^H_]_=)_^6E'
MVVY_Z`^H_P#?W2?_`):5HT4`9WVVY_Z`^H_]_=)_^6E'VVY_Z`^H_P#?W2?_
M`):5HT4`9WVVY_Z`^H_]_=)_^6E4)+RX.J6;?V5?AA8:DHC,FF;V#7&E$NI&
MI&,+&557#.KDR)L1U$ACZLZ7_D+67_8.U3_`-*='H`/MMS_`-`?4?\`O[I/
M_P`M*/MMS_T!]1_[^Z3_`/+2M&B@#.^VW/\`T!]1_P_ND__`TH^VW/_0'U
M'_O[I/\`\M*T:*`


M7Q#_`-AS5O\`TON*`/JCPQ_R+7A[_L!Z3_Z06];E8?AC_D6O#W_8#TG_`-(+

M.E_]@ZR_])HJ`-&BBB@`HHHH`SM8_P03JG_`&#KW_TFEK1K.UC_`)!.J?\`
M8.O?_2:6M&@`HHHH`****`LZR_X^=8_[,7_IITNM&LZR_X^=8_[
7_IIT



Z


TFO?$?Q5=2^*?B-XAN+HEKRXU3Q;JOFZ


\]K\25)6C5ITL#4]R/\DOA7CCB
[.GPSAN$:4+SHUJ
M^9T6IR^-/A[_`

F)`




3


MKQ\-\0KOX,?%R5+34O@O\`M#Z+=?!SXDZ;J3J&72?[.\5-!HFL:J06;^S_
_P!IC03X<^//

MNV=?

/[/-:+=M:V8QSR5[V




RB[U_3=7F1#MC9


_P^$HY7FOU+BK):$53HY/Q3AGFV'PM%?\`
M+K+

M3BXY'BL;7V]OG&6QHXCA[B.HK)+_`%ER7.(Q48J*CRQM\


M9XLGG^*'P4OW8N\EM'X=\2SW6J^')+UW9;K6;*_U2]@C?8;:&2.-U['AO#W
MB#7!XW'\!YE/;YPJ_$/\ZCT_=9ME^&_M_*J;=E3H8G*,^Y4Y2KYI
;OSU



5OC:Z])K
UU9
M;`)X5BN(9KZ$JMOB22




M*&YMUC98F63

M1Q5^9*7+&7V[XM^(7@'P#:F^\=^./!_@JR6)IVO/%OB71?#EJ(5+!IC



MAM^V)\

MR+/L$IO+LYP*GR.M0=2




MA


ME#%X&O4@YQIE%%%?-'V`5G2_P#(6LO^P=JG_I3H]:-9TO\`R%K+_L':I_Z4
MZ/0!HT444`%%%%`!1110!G:/_P`@G2_^P=9?^DT5:-9VC_\`()TO_L'67_I-
M%6C0`4444`%%%%`'`ZC_`,A74_\`KXM__3=8U5JUJ/\`R%=3_POBW_]-UC5
M6@`HHHH`*^._$_\`R
OB'_L.:M_Z7W%?8E?'?B?_`)&7Q#_V'-6_]+[B@#ZH
M\




$]YJ.IZC=VU
ME8VD

3]NNY^%OA?\`:Q_X)W?$_4?@1\3O&WQ+^'7QQ\6ZAJ_Q

^'U_HNK_%GX.?!OQ^OA#PUK/Q7\9_#G^T_


M4ZV6X3

0J=YXFDZV



ME.3G!95STG&I!X:KC

7&IB5C.7B7*56P&`


3<J.VJR*C%<A7

M`M6_P?W3O_``5W/_RXH`T:*SO*U;_G]T[_`
%=S_\`+BCRM6_Y_=._\%=S

$ZV;8*OG68YA@N'N&\)76%KYYF<<3.G7QCC&H\
MMRG!82C7QN;YI[&2K2PV%I*AA:4J=;
L7@

MX'-







MQ%J


MY*=-3JRG.5E=N4I.4IN4Y-RE)O@XDXAS;B[B//N+





#3O#WQIT5SX=\4ZQ)M=Y_$/Q)2&)(Y7CBTJ5XX2/UL\K5
MO^?W3O\`P5W/_P`N*/*U;_G]T[_P5W/_`




*A
M%P]KF5=PDZOS+X5_X*'?L(^-/*7P_P#M@?LYS3SB+R+'4_B[X*\/:G.9ED=4
MATOQ#K&E:C+*JQ.TT
=JTMN`OGI'OCW?1WA;XG_#7QR(CX)^(?@;Q@)U#P'P
MMXMT#Q`)D:W^UJT1TG4+OS%-K_I(9

=G?)?\`[?MYD_5?HL9A_P`S
MWZ0'7-LO]5/#KQ$]EHM;_ZY^%_UBSN[6PO,DES1O=?J!17Y_\`#F']FS1Q
MCX;_`!._:?\`@V!]P?#']H/XF:6(LKLD\L:]XA\1X\Y$MDDSG*65JJ[0L@EF

'_S/&'A[XQ(K';+F=/$&F:8MROVQ(W-


)(8C'T\KS'
M*LTR#'XBE.M@J.:O+)T\QC1N\3#`XK*LRS/U:V&ARU:N%J5:.+]A/V\:$J5



M`
%=S_\`+BCRM6_Y_=._\%=S_P#+BOI#\5-&BL[RM6_Y_=._\%=S_P#+BCRM

:B





J=7#NE/#_G_&'!

N'L95O*/+)

M64@@D$&GU^5&@^*OB+_P3W\1Z+\-_B?KUYXS_8^\2:M#HWPR^



2S6UU:W


MY_2H]3.EZ:8[RP6
V%F45]-N)'5#;Q[5=UU6-78+@
XCC#$$A%!VB_Y6K?\`
5JW_/[IW_@KN?_`)<4`:-%



`_X*2?\`K17_``2DK](Z
M`BBB@`HHHH`*SM'_P03I?_`&#K+_TFBK1K.T?_`)!.E_\`8.LO_2:*@#1H
MHHH`****`




MB1C_`

M''PQBG
VO1`SV&K7TS0W%OJ6E^)=`U32OV_``````````P`!P``.``.`!TKQ


^E&56
M.7T7E?#.#KU


^3G&?9%P]AJ6


M=--:--:IK1H\]IIM----IIJS36C33U33W04444Q!1110!G:/_P`@G2_^P=9?
M^DT5:-9VC_\`()TO_L'67_I-%6C0`4444`%%%%`&=9?\?.L?]A&+_P!-.EUH




MN8;*\@O+V^%DUQ;+%86L4.R2ZFFC1IY88(?-E?:/S^_:A^$FE?$[Q/X6_;A_






S7^VPN/PF+SG#
M8B?+2S##U
%F


MZR6OCCX/_$?3C+;ZWX1\2V%S;V=TT45[:WJZ+K+65K!K-I;2EK:PU2SU;2-
M^LZ_'C]K?]A#Q=X!\)S?&']@N*_\-_%GPBD5UKWPRC\5Z_9'XN^#;-X9]3\+




OFP9^@7BQ2PO_(]\._%C(+?&GP/
<7^%KBO#<.\W;3C:AP


TRK'Y9GN6X6G6K4L-2JU\?DF-S#4J53$5Z-%6=:-.56K3IJ3E.






MM=VEU;R1SV]S!))#-$Z21NR


M69GAE.J\LSW+U4IQQ^6U:D[*=/%X.MC
NQ.$QE=\&\:+B*6.R7.
`^'N-
BC

M****^2/N@HHHH`****`
[1_^03I?_8.LO_2:*M&L[1_^03I?_8.LO_2:*M&@
M`HHHH`****`.!U'_`)NI_\`7Q;_`/INL:JU:U'_`)NI_\`7Q;_`/INL:JT


M\*_C-\`O@5XBT3XG7OC/]HWQ-X@\+^!]8T'X8^
M1^&FDWGAKX=_$#XEZ@WC



MPUINO:!!J%[XD\/Z[X3\5PZ3;^+?`OCCP-XGUCP-\0OA]XMB\/ZQXB\.CQ1X

M*+4:U6A#$QIIIOFG&C5I3K1AS/#NK1AB/95*M.
LV[*C*5XK$1G.BI)QE4IQ
MJUJ*JQC)*7L:M7#8J&'K-*GBGA
9]6G56$Q+I?/7B;_E*;^R%_V8!_P4D_\`

M`K.T?_D$Z7_V#K+_`-)HJT:SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_P#2:*@#1HHHH`****`
[6/^

MF7T



MM=2U]474-5


X/BF
M&$AE2Y2\_;/_`&IOVX+NZ\)_\$Y?A\?`'P@DN'T_6OVZ?CWX9OM
\)F!9WBN


7_
M`*:=+KS

MZU3%YI4I3G2JX^=*3IKNXL\9Y8CA_


)P[P-@\?A\-C\!PEALPHK&ST:

(D?:PCCWF2
M1AMC5FXKY/O/VJ=9^(-U/HO[


=DF@Z58B1'CN+NVD
MU1[-U(N[:)?FKGHOV8_&WQ1ECU+]IWXJZIXUM&ECN!\*O`$EYX-^%UH4976U

MS
PWS2NQ+'Y%X[Q;XTTRO+\%X3Y#5V



M]*='KU

M
CR_$P]W$93PYEN39142][`7;;X

/D7%.7#
M^64Z]2GA\1B/J=18[-L9AY+FHYCGF.S/
J;^'&6LE\=R_LS_$'X4R2ZC^R_
M\5;[PMIZR27!^$GQ(DO?%WPRN69M[6VF7



MZL

-B





(9W]RC#AS-LQS&NHNM5RC!1?LX_:E%<=X(^
M(7@?XDZ.FO\`@/Q5HGBO27V![K1KZ&[-M(X++;W]NKZTZ[P6M+^VNDP=\
M*XKL:_5\!F&`S7!X;

MU*4Y0ET;/SS&8/%Y?BJ^Q^%Q.!QN&J2I8G8RA5PV*P]6/Q4Z^'K1A5I5(_

)A\SS/8;&XZ3;4:67X=7Z[F
B\<?$?PUI.H0:E&DFAP7AUCQ&'&D:9
MA#X=T5-0UI-[#8KRV*1;R%:13G'E`_:1^+/Q#VQ?`C]G?Q=J5A.72+QU\6KB

M`!?XDUXAXVR3@/`S;YLI\.

^-'[0U]X=TJX4BY\#_``&T[_A$



EQN7YSEN`QV'^?_V9/VF/A3^U





MX/*

MCYUC_L(Q?^FG2ZCC'A3+N-



M;&Y?BXNK@
VRS&4I8?


\L=GXKAMX]\LTJW&R]NKG3H+'[=M+NUO[6VOK&Y@O+*]
MMX;NSN[66.XMKJUN8UFM[FWGB9XIH)XG26&6-FCDC971BK`GP/#_`(LS'-H9





MP^7[4GA%?@#\=;@+1DUZ\[X6?%

ZG=C5


MEA



M!O[
7QOTS4(H-
^




_B-XW\
M

_'/QWU'6?!G[*?AW0
MHOBKKG]AW/@;5GO?%/Q







*






K83*Y45FN_#OA/XI^-BQ#


M@71K/XB?M'_&OQ;J275LL7AZ&WU^\*^$FD6=]$@US4M.T6*U@N)+.?6];^




M1+*74=:\5'2-/@&9[_5+C0+RA!R09;J[T^*
8!.7D'0^E?+/\`PK+]KCQS
M\WCOX]^%?AII\W
^@?!GP:;RX9&Z11^+?%\@UBQFC4X
UK%
K.#@%0K5HZ;^

M``\'F.69%5G*/LY2PT&JR_&LSRGANMF.




M;R27=YI)C-K'J6DLK22?8_AGP7X/\%V?]G^#_OASPK8[54VGAW1=-T:W8+

Q.6)))-:ME_P`?.L?]A&+_`--.EU4^#_$[B%1AQ5XET
CR


$K]HU+5+BUM(WD*E88C+Y



6YGEN<8.CF.49A@LTR_$QY\/C<OQ5#&82O
M'^:EB
/.I2J+NXS=GH]3.^Q7/_08U'_OUI/_`
4;[^%X+6YU$$I=7KH2*XN7QO^U'\%G9?
MBAX:G^./@2U.#\0/A%I^E6/C:RLT!W77B#X=7EFZ7TVU6DG?P_=PV%G`OF3W



M5X?NK?:)O6-=KK'O#*WU_H__`=+_[!UE_Z315HU@O#3/\`.8Q_UZ\3^+\[


LXJ1J9IF56



%81@1B--D
_FUC0O#2WS^'HM-TZ.ZU6Y7Q#/I4\




Z+5?`X_!XBE2S+A[B#`

M-QJH&JWZE;^-698]


_6R[$R33





JZ/L5S
M_P!!C4?^_6D__*NOGG]GCXLZ]XJ@U_X7_$^.+3?C7\+9(=+\86BXCA\3Z40J
MZ+X_T12D0N-*\06K03W+01HMK?3KYEO90WUC;U]+U]1PGQ3E?&60X'B'*)5H
MX;&*M3K83%TGA\QRO


)#'
MIF]0MQI0**!IHC*R%E9RR
X

M9I@L)F678ZA4PV-P&/P]'%X/%X:K%PJT






-.K@LRP-6S]GB\%7K4)

M'*

M`

J^+?V@/@




M`

)/''.HQ;2?
M#*BVXQ4TY(_6O6=:T;P[I=[K?B#5M



MN39;6S?B#


7!:^U&\LY)6
$@`MIA+^5


OC%_P44T

/V/5FTY%\
M



%)4L?7PG%U*K'#




RZ?;6_G

'AZ6%PUVA1H4(0I4XKI&$(KR/Q7%8K%8VO4Q6
Q-?%XFM)SK


M@:SIUSYMK=6=R@_
9IQ;E&6XIY;2EB
WSI1C)9'DM'^T
SC&?P3Q5.$HX?*
MZ$_LXS-\3@

_X=3&




M54*J@*JJ`%50

NR6K2Q^?UH/[
M.

*7`N43_YE7#U6CF?$
M^(INWN8_B/$T)9;E3FKQK8;(\OQF)I7YL)Q)&45
_

M]M+XH^
_VU?BI92_;+#XE+1_@IX1N7VM)#X*^6D3'PI96A^:*Y@UC^U]-
MU#7G]C65VSD_H]8Z9INBS:+I&CZ?8Z3I6FZ)?66G:9IEI!8:?865M-HT5O:


9CN#<HQ&*JYCETL7P[G%:7/5S;A^M#`8C$U.D\QPCI5LKSAJ

3BZNEJF:X&5

M_!W]H_1)/A?XH%W-))!%'HVI:Q(OACQ%%?7

R:2FFZT=5U&)8YO[(MS
D5?

C?
MVE^P)^T_JMCX3LF\V']F/]IZ74_B9\'C;)AAH_A'Q?$'\=_#_3QY8\JUTU[J
%XYRN&CS/AN-+*.)*--6]_%\.9CBWE
LXM83(.:<**_6NBORCT;_`(*9W?PBU6P\&?M^?L_?$#]D


/AYXO\
^.OFJIYFF^)/.N:9XBT.^7:K'[-J
MFDW-W92L@=?

M;E..IX?

I8C+
]

7_IITNM&LVS(%SK!)

17FVHPH4(U*LY2C&$)2:3\


_$.E^'K&62-

MP\L$C'T'X:?\$P_V;_#'B:'XD?&'_A
_VL?B^I61_B1^TQXBF^)5Q:.)FN5@


M5`$]'^J-?

*KW4I;5FM].CUC3].T2SN8+9[D/:R3K$Z
M'_@ICK7P=FBTK]NC]E;XS?LP


J+)%+%(I22


8ZQRS-)3XER1]H_5LSKQS

M9]PQ+'T(Z2S3A&N\R@HK_E[B




M#QY\0O\`@FS\9O#WA7PIX@\57WBKQ%^QG\;M-GU7]GW4=7U*RLM0U23X::MH
M0M=?^$]S?SR



M5;1KYDU\JDE?T#^&?Q


M*.)


]!TWQ#I$LJHZ0

3*W[K)













A4JJ<Z5IBL34I4W&G/$5I1=2111161N%%%%`'`ZC_R
M%=3_`.OBW_\`3=8U5JUJ/_(5U/\`Z^+?_P!-UC56@`HHHH`*^._$_P#R
OB'
M_L.:M_Z7W%?8E?'?B?\`Y&7Q#_V'-6_]+[B@#ZH\

M;E8?AC_D6O#W_8#TG_T@MZW*`/ESXQ?M&ZW\)_CG^R]\'H_@MXR\3^'OVD/B

M3Y4_:@_9]_:^,OQ+_9K\;?3XY?!OX6:'^SW\2[WXKR^'?B+^SEXV^
NJ^





O[
M





M:L'+&T)86%=\TJ=!X*BZM/2I/EG@85W5A5GFCF
\8G.A&&7RA%5C5AU52P




M0K=UA1[?1M
:BFG65K'P3^\N+D11)P?F<<`GL:^?/%7[4G[+'@]W@U/XC^!M0




PI]^?(
+C

M\0:Y+K'C&[T[3X]+^'WA&T?Q)XWU6XFM83;VT&B6#
UF]T#FVEU:;3K:XPPA



[-I9V5O=W
.F'S#QHXWQF$R7
MA+@*CP++
JL






MHE'(
2_2-(TGP_I6G:'H6F6&C:+I%E;:;I6DZ7:06&FZ;I]G$L%I8V%E:QQ6
MUI:6T)%!;P1I%%&BHB*H`K1KY0_:4_:K_9K_9/T.TU+XO:_I5IKNM%(?'P

B$_


M








M86T1OEF_:6_:^N86XEMY_C/`T
\1XDAF5/:.8I5RD@5T8HQLIP1XAX'_X)

49=F^(E7ITYX+,,XX-X7P7$N7X94YRJ5:F6585G+DG
#;8RKD,'#A)2FTB,,64_M2W_A(^5\9_P!D_P+



5K%.3M=TW1J7'T3!IVA7

5Q;6.DW%O
BRPSP6U
MG+#+&XW))%+&C)(C`@JZ




M']CZ3_T]._\`K;_`.-4`:-%9W]CZ3_T]._\`K;_P-4?V/I/\`T]._P#`



M=W_H]Q^V)^S3I


(B23DOTK
MTK2M


MD?##5+NX\7V[Q26\-JD=_HES9M;F47DWFA(OT$^#G[/_`
$_V?/#J^%?@I\+

M/2M
:XU56TVP98[^-(PUG;D1H=+TV0H@

M?_&J^B/JC1HK._L?2?\`H%Z=_P`5M_\:H_L?2?^@7IW_@%;?_&J`#5/^/:+
M_L(Z/_Z=K*M&N?U+2M,CMXV33;!&-_I2$I9VZDI)JEG'(A(C!*R1LR.O1D9E
M8%20;_\`8^D_]`O3O_`*V_\`C5`&C16=_8^D_P#0+T[_`,`K;_XU1_8^D_\`
M0+T[_P``K;_XU0!HT5G?V/I/_0+T[_PMO\`XU1_8^D_]`O3O_`*V_\`C5`!

X'%N/UK`UE=VK82M1JQN[35V?
MF4/A=_P5
^`6&^&GQ[^#W[9'@RSW;/!_[07A.?X7?%&'3UWM%8:-\1?`LL^C


L4DP:WC



JU//X05K1IX?B+#THQ;BJ:M#D^;_P!2LWRO

(-QC22C3Y/G/0_B
M+^R'^VQXU+PQH_BGX*?M%^!=8ME?6_!\]WX9\9Q1(`?*?7/.H_:-3T2_M_
M

M\1?L@_']]6^*'[+_`(NM]1$IU32M'.H/J/C#X;?VNLCIJ%WHMSJ%YJ&Z.R_M
M32--0HOU)\7_`/@F=^Q3\9;XZ]J_P2T#P1XUCG-[9?$#X037?PG\8V.J'.-7
M%_X'FTBRU/4EW-BXU_3M8!)#
C.D;)X/_P`
;?MR_`@//^S'^V;9_%KP[:
K



M/#'CN&&P$
?0BG'!YIDF.S7B;++JODN98/&*%2'GW[(_[6OC']G6'6_@S^V[
M\/M6_9HL=&O[NZ\(ZKXIU.3Q+\.M'T^:]0W
.@?%&S2XT;6OAP&NX]0MM;O;


T;*\;LI!/XQ?&K]H3XLM\.O$7PT

[KX?`
M9CF%'(O$/!?VEFF75LSS3!K

M@-GX:N/M$22R?NBL:2_N\?$KA*G)4\QQM;):C:7_``JX6K1PR;Z?VE06)REM

*L/<$BOH\/Q+P[BZ<:V$S_`7$TIJ\:N'S


M`))/Q4^&8``&223KV``.23P!6_\`;63?]#;+/___\`RT\K_6+A_P#Z'F3_
M`/ASP7_R\]\T?_D$Z7_V#K+_`-)HJT:^5;?]JS]C:RT'3=3U3]I+]F6TM)+*

R%G;.
G-4_\`ALW]A'_HZ[]DG_P^







M4?\`D*ZG_P!?%O\`^FZQJK7D/PC^/WP._:!L_$?B#X%?$3PG\0_#^B:Q;Z5J

M=EV





M+Z2.:Y-#+8_27XOSSV#_`'6&XMR?)



5()F_X;'^//_1@?[0?_@V\'?\`R77F5Q_P2WT3X97$^K_L

M
UU!%;HDV%A_X6;_`
%3_P!GT%/B5\#?A#^VCX)LA&'\8?`7Q+)\*_BO'9`[


J]WBWBWQ#RZG'^



MY;G



M:R_;=DFT']A'P



MBVN[_P`2^


M^TA8_M-M?7-I;:F?HGX5_![X=?!;PU%X5^'/AJRT#3ALDOKE`;C5];O54A]2

M








M6]\)1WG@BYBN%Y6Z0^$;O18FG5P)2TT4JRRC?.DI9MQ[7PXQ_P#$PG&'#=27
MQ3PN*RGBOQ;ZT\)B:'V)IP7\E3
\3/1_O7=)'M_/,_P+@./N$:LOBJ8/

J:/]\[I+Z@HKXA_X8VUCPNH/P@_::^/
MGP\6

MR+&:Y/QYP_6D_APF>8;-^'L:]K
M%L1-WY

;G$*


7_IITNM&@`HHKS?XB_&#X7_73O[3^)'CKPYX0MFC:6+5M1




M^I$LM]_BW.\KX7Y=99;4J/-N(Y=Z?]A97*M5P.(6K5+/\3DD6E_%UCS??_\`





E;FJ2:?-\IK^W=^R6[*@^
^A`LP4%M'\6(H+'`+


K`D$$$$$@C%8__``K7X=?]#X*_P#5T+_`.0*/K/A

=/M[

3RE5&%4R




G#QZ9)?+PQ1
MV.5^CU96565@RL`RLI!5E(R&4C((((((..17S6:9+G&1XCZIG.5YAE6):Y
MHT














HU-6CE


M=2C

?D*KX=Y?AL1
M5S/).






VJN'J?D_\`_VJOV1OC1\+




MKHRLI`((-='_`

M_.WB[Q3XO\9:E!'D!A;KX5@@TZ6Z^=7C^T8MB()EDP9(B$_X4W^V#XDY\5?M
M::5X4MI!B?2/AQ\'_#O(8%6%OXBU^[;5[8HH#(ZP



?GG_`
-&?#'_

NIT



A7QWXG_`.1E\0_]

M/PQ_R+7A[_L!Z3_Z06];E`!17Q)^T?X[^.O@?]H[]A;3O!GQ`\&Z+\%OBQ\=

M/:;\
%?$7T;\9=$\3^(OAKXGTGPC\7K[XZO-!8
M7$WQ=TK0?!'B/5_!&@:=JUAJ7BO4]'T_XE:3XA^'T&L3^%[36-.TO6_&?AKQ
M3X;\-WU[!XAU;PMXDM-+DT2^55NCAHXF:M%^W<H.5.,Z<:%65-SJ2G.-
)T
MXQQ
6JSY:$XJJJ==5*
-IT)PKX6A)J^
P>'QU&I%3G!T

'A'XM?M-:]\/?AE\.[?]H[XC:GX5_:2_;8U
M;X-_L^_ME77P\^`.D?'[Q!^S?H'[-7CGX]W?Q.M?G_FV_9PUNY\6?$OX0_


<XG5::G3^K82
\3+#5
5@
MZ5?D?$W_`E-_9_[

M_8`_X*1^;-);702
-^T3_P`$IB'?]R2D?R


=

MV.69;C\QJW2]E@
'B

DSK.JOL
FRC-
VKW2]CEF`


'8I)_JA@


M/X:\316T
^HZ1%HB^(])^SW]G?//X?U+7-&UV#1[VZ2T^P3W]M8B^2QN;E;2
Y?\`#%/P

M_ACX0\!_##P7HOA+P)X8C\

MFU*]NKNZN@$:2YD4*1Q4LH\+\CS=\44\-BN




MYHU
6L75JM]--$FHP6NF7TEP\OU]6=_:EM_SRU'_`
$^K?\`R%1_:EM_SRU'

M\

M20*8Y$9@#H**SO[4MO\`GEJ/_@GU;_YH_M2V_YY:C_X)]6_^0J`-&BL[^U+
M;_GEJ/\`X)]6_P#D*C^U+;_GEJ/_`()]6_\`D*@#1K.E_P0M9?]@[5/_2G1
\8

M7NYKG3^Q[XE\

$I)'9M'(I(^5T9D889
M6*D$W_[4MO\`GEJ/_@GU;_YK[##^(?&ME##SXBS#


M


'&+LN:*H*

IM%#



8ALM



DQ$'3K9+P=@X9!A
51;O['
\7AI

MJW_R%7QQ^?AJG_'M%_V$='_].UE6C7/ZEJ5N]O&!'?@B_P!*?Y]*U.
8CU2S


TI)_'!\9_MJ_#$
M%?%_PO\`A]\?]`MSSKOPLU^7P5XR2T&





M3G'AO]E[P9X#MW'[F_\`B3\7=


MSW-N(\VQ$.SY
%FF2Y=.3Z^URZI!](1%_KCP?@]


M1\--

;.)+=9XQ)(8Y=ZM$`WV%_:EM_SRU'_P3ZM_\A4?
MVI;?\\M1_P#!/JW_`

9995S1VZ

I\KO)6





;EB

Z]8000Z/J
FF7


M


PTIT*\72KPC4Y




MZW*`/F/XY_LA?!7]HSQA\
_'?Q0;XR'Q)\'M6DU_X=3?#K]IO]ICX(Z5X?\`

ZWK\V@^(/$/AF76_$&CZKJLOA3Q!KWA22[;PY
MK6IZ9=4OBS^Q3^S;\;]

MLO@_
T_P\MH];^'_`(Z\+ZSX7BT-W=;A?!U_X?&OPN]OXD_MBW9HC]4T5#IT
MY4HT)0A*A&K4KQHN

MI4Z$*TM:L*%'VWLJ
:C]^-*E]9Q'LZ::A#ZQ6Y4O:SYOD:W_`&(/@1'\
-:^

MG_)&M62JU5&RJ5$JDTY*Y^0/[0?[
FF?&O\`X*X?L?7_`(X\2C5?D7[%'[;
MNNIX'NM%D?3#IO@3XY_\$[--O]'EO;37+Z:X\27/Q)O]0DUB-89=.;2=+M&

[BBBD(*S
MM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_P#2:*M&L[1_^03I?_8.LO\`TFBH`T:***`BBB@#.UC_D$Z
MI_V#KW_TFEK1K.UC_D$ZI_V#KW_TFEK1H`****`BBB@`K.LO^/G6/\`L(Q?
M^FG2ZT:SK+_CYUC_`+,7_IITN@#1HHHH`****`LZ7_`)UE_V#M4_]*='K
M1K.E_P0M9?]@[5/_2G1Z`-&BBB@`HHHH`****`
[1_^03I?_8.LO_2:*M&L
M[1_^03I?_8.LO_2:*M&@`HHHH`****`
ZR_X^=8_[,7_IITNM&LZR_X^=8_
M[
7_IITNM&@`HHHH`****`
[5/^/:+_`+.C_\`IVLJT:SM4_X]HO\`L(Z/
M_PG:RK1H`****`BBB@`K.LO^/G6/\`L(Q?^FG2ZT:SK+_CYUC_`+
7_II


M=`!1110`4444`%9VC_\`()TO_L'67_I-%6C6=H__`=+_[!UE_Z314`:-%%

M%`!6=9?\?.L?]A&+_P!-.EUHUG67_'SK'_81B_\`33I=`&C1110`4444`%9T
MO_(6LO\`L':I_PE.CUHUG2_\A:R_PP=JG_`*4Z/0!HT444`%%%%`!1110!
MG:/_`
@G2_\`L'67_I-%6C6=H_\`R=+_PP=9?^DT5:-`!1110`4444`9UE
M_P`?.L?]A&+_`--.EUHUG67_`!\ZQ_V$8O\`TTZ76C0`4444`%%%%`&=JG_'
MM%_V$='_`/3M95HUG:I_Q[1?]A'1_P#T[65:-`!1110`4444`%9UE_Q\ZQ_V
M$8O_`$TZ76C6=9?\?.L?]A&+_P!-.ET`:-%%%`!1110`5G2_\A:R_PP=JG_
M`*4Z/6C6=+_R%K+_`+!VJ?\`I3H]`&C1110`4444`%%%%`&=H_\`R=+_PP
M=9?^DT5:-9VC_P#()TO_`+!UE_Z315HT`%%%%`!1110!P.H_\A74_P#KXM__
M`$W6-5:M:C_R%=3_`.OBW_\`3=8U5H`****`OCOQ/\`\C+XA_[#FK?^E]Q7




M%CHX/%X#VL/;X7$5?:0S:G]8A'
J.)Q4%'RKRFNGZU+^T,OQJBE'`X'`8)P
M3:Q%?ZEC\UQSKO%;0G)YE3P^'3H3^K4,'2@Y5KQ]G_.*G_#+O_L=3_L_P#X






R_8)_P#%E/[0O_TJ.O1G
M_:(MK7]J+3/V8-8^$OQ2T/4O$GPJ\:_%CP/\7[^7X47/PF\;Z-\.]:^%V@^.


64_M__2HZ^TJ*1)\6_P#Y?\`@J#_`-&9?L$_
M^+*?VA?_`*5'1_PN7_@J#_T9E^P3_P+*?VA?_I4=?:5%`'Q;_PN7_@J#_T9
ME^P3_P+*?VA?_I4=5-/^


MI.GZ=]KOKG4%%N(I-'X+?$OQG\4/#NHZSXW_`&=_C!^S=J.GZN^EVGA#XSZU



M*@_]&9?L$_\`BRG]H7_Z5'1_PN7_`(*@_P#1F7[!/_BRG]H7_PE1U]I44B3
MXM_X7+_P5!_Z,R_8)_\`%E/[0O\`]*CH_P%R_\`!4'_`*

$I




LIYSAJ2=
MK2E5RNM2QJY6U&E4CSN
WRGFG_Y?^H/_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_`.E1T?\`Y?^
MH/_`$9E^P3_`.+*?VA?_I4=?:5%22?%O_Y?^H/_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_`.E1
MT?\`Y?^H/_`$9E^P3_`.+*?VA?_I4=?:5%`'Q;_P`+E_X*@_\`1F7[!/\`
MXLI_:%_^E1U4MOC!_P`%0$FU!A^QI^P4QFO$D8'_`(*3_MJ$(L+&':#_P`.
MI6W@K$K[B$(+E-I!W^W:^8_A%^U9\._C+\9_CI\$?#&A^-M
\0_`N[T:'4?




M`.E1U]I44Q'Q;_PN7_@J#_T9E^P3_P+*?VA?_I4='_Y?\`@J#_`-&9?L$_
M^+*?VA?_`*5'7VE10!\6_P#Y?\`@J#_`-&9?L$_^+*?VA?_`*5'51_C!_P5
M`-_;3?\`#&G[!09+.^C?\/)_P!H4AA+-I[
Q?\`X=2@J4
*@+L8.')+)L`?
M[=K\U_$?_!4S]G3PQ\$_VKOCCJ/ACXNR6/[('Q-^('PM\=^`;;PSX6?XF^-;

MA+6(;5Q3G-4X)RF_9J

M^76G0K5?8JG3G-U\92P%'E3?/C*^&QN
I4%;:4\+EV.K\TK05/#5'*2LD_5O
M^%R_\%0?^C


M5!_Z
R_8)_\`%E/[0O\`]*CH_P%R_\`!4'_`*,R_8)_\64_M__`$J.OM*L
MO7-0N])T36-5L-#U7Q/?:9I=_J%EX:T.;1+?6_$-W9VLMQ;Z)H\_B76/#WAR

;O64I*
5K)I)L^-M
M/^

MN;&3;_X7+_P5!_Z
R_8)_P#%E/[0O_TJ.O6OV;OCQI?[1_PLM_B9IG@'Q[\+



D_AG3K8;$4

MP5!_Z

M_P#Y?\`@J#_`-&9?L$_^+*?VA?_`*5'1_PN7_@J#_T9E^P3_P+*?VA?_I4


M+_P5!_Z
R_8)_P#%E/[0O_TJ.OM*B@#XM_X7+_P5!_Z
R_8)_P#%E/[0O_TJ
M.JEM\8/^H3:@P_8T_8*8S7B2


OV?\`Q93^T+_]*CH_X7+_
M`,%0?^C,OV?_%E/[0O_`-*CK[2HH`^+?^%R_P#!4'_HS+]@G_Q93^T+_P#2
MHZJ/\8/^H!O[:;_`(8T_8*#)9WT83_AY/\`MD
)9M/9F+_`/#J4%2AA4!=



MBRG]H7_Z5'7VE10
^+?^%R_\%0?^C
OV?\`Q93^T+_]*CH_X7+_`,%0?^C,
MOV?_%E/[0O_`-*CK[2KY;_:I_:Y^&7['^@_#'Q1\5M
\877ASXF?%6R^%W]





ML$_^+*?VA?\`Z5'1_P`+E_X*@_\`1F7[!/\`XLI_:%_^E1U]I45(CXM_X7+_
M`
%0?^C

\



N(8_#/P?^



M3K4JW

Z=2$XMQDF%%%%0:!7QWX


M%%.




MQH-QID'P\^+7PK_:$O/@YXNMK#4[C5O%/P]\8_%+PQ-'X:^V:5K=S[_^RS\'
M?$7P.^'/BOP=XFN]`O+W6_V@OVI?BMI[^&Y[ZXTZW\
_&W]I#XI?&#PCI\S:

MI3=1P26M1PH4Y5+[\SIX:A!ZVY::LDW)OHQ6*K8Q6Q$E.U7+*L&TN:G_`&1E

CQ`VNIH.MMX6A

M:VL;N9$@D_+#]G/_`()U?%S]G'XA_LW?$Y/VO_B[\;=5^'^A?%#P9\7/!OQ6

E[G[QOEO&4JDG0G1J3E%IRE@ZN'


'@VV^

M56A4M_CHUJM-]HS;5I*
EVX7



JU71FG%UH4*JM.C!JGI]N]II]C:R%6DMK.VMY&0DH7AA2-RA958J64
ME2RJ2


?1]0CMYES3?M&F_:.<U)+W9<M2=.HX
MM:-1JPJ4Y-:1G4':46EYU##QPV'I4:<9*CAJ-&G%RN^6E%T\-2<YM6]Z;IT



ME&5G[LD[-?
/[(7PB\=?!?X
?\(U\3KCPE)\0?%7Q4^/?QF\86'@/4M8UWP;

/L4ZM^1.0N65[<

M6NZ@^DZ';7M[;6MQK.J1Z;J&L2:;I4

M8M;*YECEZJUVF]$U:Z;T5KIJ]]KIJ_1B[OHDY/LE%-R;[))-M]$FV?'_`
!O






ME4:4*:JUHPIQIPE3IK2K*=:M5Q52[GB'3BY6M'DP.$P6`H486TY
'@:6`PJ;

MUJRM/$?A'7=1\+^+-`N;O3;BY@@UOPQXFTC5O#OB'2I9$OM%UW2]1TC4H+;4



Z7\



(2C%R4BBL7



M\1Z99ZO#9W-_H.JZ;J]K'+I]]:W$I9O9;)R?^%.
6_12G!-[)SBGK)7?+*RE








)1QF'PN













M*L:WLXSE&RM)1Y9QC5IXB%.H^7VDJ5/&X?!8Y4HSA2JXK`X58J&)PJK86MZ6

WAX
M*M4IUZ'XD_$_]J;XJ^$OVMV\`V7[2


M+\1/#FLV$?C.WUEW@/XG_M2ZMX_^$?C/6OVJ?B%JGA3XZ?M[_MY_L?W7P?3X



-4R_P#EQ_88



U[7_#%

MSH4:S&M*.+PM;$N=?8?


*ONL_$R_\
M%W-];V'AO3])T[X+M_BQ_P`*;_9&_;R^-4WBK6O`OQ?UK]MGXZ^$_'_Q+L/$

M^%?Q1L/!_P`)GU/QGI?@#Q3JK6F@WG[-6%A9:78V6F:;:6]AIVG6EO86%C9P

'C*#P_P#8

?$'A?P_X0\






XPV*P-+GS8;`RJ9Q]9H4Y*O-++






+0XAP^'7)'^U)8ZCF-7
L'F%2%*J




O@S]H?
M]OCXY_!GX^^-?@MX@_9W_P97P$^






_!*RC\0








;O2[!

T%E%(T5K&ZP1'RT4#\9/\`@KG\
M4?O@O\`:S_9SC\7?'+0=:L=%TK2]9L?V2M(_P"@7Q\_8'^/%W=7?AG]HB
MZ\:?`VQ^!]]H\G[2WC7XUO;:-\*_!/AOQ'X@\*CPM\2?`GA7X5Z'XOT/3/VF
M/B!?Z;_1I7/ZUX5T'Q#J'A75-8L/ME_X)U^;Q1X8G^U7MO\`V9KMQX
M;[RK6X@AO=_A[Q3KVG_9M0CN[-?MWVM;=;ZUL[FWTQ6(5;-/[0P]*G@Z:S&K







MK[:CRRBO;\N2)XB[=2I+*N'\MX=K*O/3$5*.

MRN*Q7\POP3_;W_;3\3?7]N'XA^+_P!IK]F^?XB^!?V)OVF?C--^SQX8^,_P
M\^+'QY_8\^/OPUL))?#_`(:\0?`'3?V%O@#KGP7\,^=:NM:\






8?6\]Q

M@Z




Y

@HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`





MX4XVQ.-AAZ






-?K5:K&KAY8MAXY?++ZMI5DL9*M2



_$&Q_99_:GU3X/:





-9_9


M^`'P3UCX5Z!XYL]8UVZ\;?'WQWHOC'4?,D6GZ5JWQI^+OQ#^+6FPWWA2+Q0
M\NKV?@^\\=0Z/=1Q^)M*D\3P:.]XDGAYM3%MI_Q!\,O^?7[2WA/X/\`B3X?

?!J&W^
&J:[KWB;X5_%_1;







MOQM^&'[.?PP\3?&7XR^)O^$.^&W@[^Q?^$C\1_V+XA\0_P!G?\)#XATGPKH_


\30I5W2HU*V'IXCU*]*%3EE4HPQ6&G5@I0CB*
I*I'ULIJ9




(]_P`CWX4\
?VA_:'_``C&N?\`(*^W

MM\%^/X/@=KGPGO73_A)_%GQXU)M=U+PSK_`.RQ;&?4_B]X?M_'7AB3XV:7



M:3\`O$NF?#'Q#X4^/_BOPWJ$&HVVI?#7X#^+_BUX]TJ[TO6M(N-+NM0\.ZV+

UCQ;\4%^#7A_X=:Y^R7^UMX?^-5_\0W\#W?Q

M?\$6_'@B_\`BY%X\3_`+-W@+3_`!?H7QSL/`7Q&\%_L/?#GPW^UI:7GQLN

M+.OB36/%'HG[
/\`P2O?]G[XC^%/B0WC']FOPP/#'[0NH?'5/AI^R=^QO#^R
ME\&]E[^RYXJ_9L_X1_2_`D7QX^+;Z9K-T_B=_'NN^-+C6]5FUF]M3H0T*P@E
M@U.R[L/)U'AY8R
*4IY?A
FL3##1C5C2QV+P^$G4<G*O@:6`I/!XV?/44_WN82J1GI.&(G


Q\3ZU\=O!^J?`C6


MP64
M8#'Y_@KXW?MH^/M
_;#\

G@CPAX$U?4/%WQ7^+GPE\)_

^&Q+#HG@




G_!2S]B?]G_`.)'B/X1_%SX





M0K4/S'_X?(?\$W_^CC/_`#$/QW_^=?1_P^0_X)O_`/1QG_F(?CO_`/.OK].*


MPEXKT+2+C^WM:\

MCA
#AXU
OP[AE3Q6+QN(E'$8FIA*N7?HMJ=2$5*HZ+A3J*?)
GB(4(8G%8


M\3&&&57$812;IXB=Q-2#K?5Z5*4*W'AY8F53`JMA-2AEU3&2FZDJ=#$5
M
-5EF%2HS=9TZ.+="G059JEM&E/%.I3KTOA7Q3^U%^VQ\+_%_B+X&^
-9

MQ%\9[7PQX9\/^*/B!X)UK0/$W[.=]\6X?`GB#0+CPK\




-*\
Z;\.=8^'W@67X%67A;X51
MVGPS^$VM_#?P-X;\#^'_``G]%Z;^R!X@O/@/XF^&_CKXIZ)KWQ1^)'QX\)?M


MHQK.M9U8T5@L_I9CBE3A^X53

;/A7

N]7B^--WJ\T.DQ_=

(E







MJ3:[J$7AG7_V6+8SZG\7O#]OXZ\

MWB?X1_\`1_'+X2?&C_A(/L?_K?!'Q?\&_\(W_9/VC^W?\`A:UY\
KO^TO[
M8_M*#^S/[!_X5SY?V/\`LK4/[4_MG?\`:M._L_;??E!X:_X(M^$/!%_\7(O`


_


M\

'
MCL2\'@\PA_9#S'$5
L-*HWB'B:=)TX4I.G1YZM.6
DL56MAEB*

5A/J




MLKX6M7=2%+*
?@\

J5&5.52/+5Q%6&:YVXQK4
MZ4O98=/(*O#F'QL
&J$7FN`QU6A6KQQ%?&YCS'[(/Q5\;_'']ESX!?&#XEV'


_P#0?\`5?\*S\$Z'X._P$
MD_LK^P_[;_L6T2U_M'^Q_PTM8_LW[3L\S[)_:E_Y.=OVJ7&X^QUKB)PJ8BO
M4IQAG.M5G%-2C3A4Y2C&$9-RC





MG+8;&YCA_&S*L/C\70P[ITL3C:&5Y;1Q5:,Z]+`8.%2.'I_=X/,?#&$PL

:V#PU6LIU*&%K9ACJN'


M-=-:^'Q\26'B'PUXGUG1U\`ZI9:`/%T/COPC[Y2


EGW%65\1SQ$*\*=

M:;XCT3]E/Q?JNC^!?V7-.\._`/X^_$?]IK]H+Q!I5KK.J?$+XG:#\%_AYX:\


MUY\.XKC4OC%)HOQ1L/5_P&?B#8_LL_M3ZI\'M/'C;Q`_A31--^('QMTSX


M_P`5?$

MSQ

MHXX7!T\-3HT

H8?+\!&DI1O#^SU.M5
MJ6BJLH*K7QKQU2O&O^I_P?\`VE?AA^T1IOQ&O?@;?:_XO'PW\4^*?`&I:KXD
M^'?Q9^&W@?5?'O@_7/$/A+Q#H'AGQ[XV^'FF:#XYL_#GC+POK?A;Q;KWPT;Q

MC\3:5)XG@T=[Q)/#S:F+;3_B#X9?\$^OVEO?P?\2?#[QK^U5\_%7Q!N/B?




M3*BK2P-?V4J5+




M\
_#6]\)^&?$/C'PM\6O`'Q`@TSPU\-=2^(_C'4__AVW\(?#7PK\,=M]4^


M.E1A'!XG!87CFEE-&6%A'#8S

MIU9U92IY?*EQ&^&HUJ[J5JE7&83&UN%)YDZN



MHM22DFK.BJZ;:C:E*E6Q$9/FMRN6'P]?$1C*TWAZ4ZZBZ47
IPES2ARMSC4C


I?O:6G[VGS2FI0]I&49

M0OAS\2=&UG3OCH?AGXW^&][%\*[WQ9KT=U\#/%/Q(TZSTK4K'Q]K7@JWM)'N

6OC;7=;N-'TKP]K'B*?3]&UGXO?`
M7PKH7AGPQ:^







NC^$=:U3Q%XI\76W




M7%CX?'B?QR/@&NMV4-MJ(T&W?XH^
?`OAWQ'_95N^IG4(4L[3Q-J$NB?:]1N
MS;W

PF!G9IQ^L8VM5HT8*2T:4J3E4?V(3I3

MOA!J.H%O$-[JGA?0KFZ37O`-FFEZ[XS2SE\-:7+X5UCQIIGQ
UDZC'JFC.^J









MHM_$&C:1!XMU_P`3V\4]SXE\.ZOI5CXX\$:$=0TVX+75BK++9FSXL_:8UW2/

MZ=K^E:39ZWKVCZII'B-M*G\2Z%9Z$+ZXB$FW37+*]6I0IQ7++FYZ^*G@H1E%

MC4C*4*E:2HJ2JU*
*GUU17BWACXT6_BKQ_J?PZLO`/C2UU?PUI^@W?CB\OM2

;XHC\6ZUYNB:O!8/#?A/6;JSOXW75(+QN-.O[Z9-13<FE%4:N(<KI
MP5C*


D.GZ5\0-3UN]35[4V.E7)M=873'/]W?VG



M6&5*$K3FZ]%1BW4A?V^BOECP3^U]\+/'?AGQIXCT:/4Y9_!+^%H;OP[INN?#


M]##H?_@VL/\`Y(HHH`/^$G\-?]##H?\`X-K#_P2*/\`A)_#7_0PZ'_X-K#_
M`.2***`#_A)_#7_0PZ'_`.#:P_\`DBC_`(2?PU_T,.A_^#:P_P#DBBB@`_X2
M?PU_T,.A_P#@VL/_`)(H_P$G\-?]##H?_@VL/\`Y(HHH`/^$G\-?]##H?\`
MX-K#_P2*/\`A)_#7_0PZ'_X-K#_`.2***`#_A)_#7_0PZ'_`.#:P_\`DBC_
M`(2?PU_T,.A_^#:P_P#DBBB@`_X2?PU_T,.A_P#@VL/_`)(H_P$G\-?]##H







MM)\+V&E:M\




[7Q)!XM\










X.+U4E4A3IRE



M=M=/:6MS!!

M)Q4O?C*




8/%_P^\8_#;Q-!\
;
M3P)X.@US0O&4-E#/=:G!8:
T-[K.A?8WD\-7US'+'ISZAJ:36UY;WLD(**F*
MY7%Q]UPHQH1:TDJ
:
L.J;DM7'V$YTW=MRC.7

MJ_M$GHI*M&-2-DE&48N*7+&WJOAO3_`OA;4O&NJ:?XILYKCQWKUAXAU=+S6]
M'DAMKW3O!_AGP3!%IJP);O#:OI7A33KB5+J2\E;4)KV5)TMI(+2VYC3/`?PR
1RZ)XEO[
MB==.@TDOJ<5K,ACM$FLIRBA^]&4))2C*&'IRC))QE3PL)T\/2::<:4*DXQ3

?AQ\-?&=QXEOKOQS=Z5J/B/P_\`
M#?0EU#1O$/AJ*YT*;X4^

MC:SZ



9X/BI9ZCKEAJNF_&*\ENO&6F7O



4HJ
8QBH0YGC%4XN47!.-.W(

M27UAX'O?%.H6&KW36UM9N^O:G=^+]5EUJY5TL;@I:?8M.T_RYOM'/Z=\-_@_

MDOLW=Q?/XA\4:W?QWT23VUO:E%*24^?F2:J4ZE&:248NE6J0JU*:C%*
8RJ4

6_AO5K?P=X7\+Z'+X
OM(

MO5Y4*7MW4Y(VE)*#IQ2C3Y:D.2*48J%6FZ4H)1LE-*4J=*M&A!N-%4TSW#
M_A)_#7_0PZ'_`.#:P_\`DBC_`(2?PU_T
.A_^#:P_P#DBBBI&'_3^&O^AAT
M/_P;6'_R11_PD_AK_H8=#_\`!M8?_)%%%`!_PD_AK_H8=#_\&UA_\D4?\)/X
M:_Z&'0__``;6'_R1110`?\)/X:_Z&'0__!M8?_)%'_3^&O^AAT/_P`&UA_\
MD444`'_3^&O^AAT/_P;6'_R11_PD_AK_H8=#_\`!M8?_)%%%`!_PD_AK_H8
M=#_\&UA_\D4?\)/X:_Z&'0__``;6'_R1110`?\)/X:_Z&'0__!M8?_)%'_3


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#^P[3M.T]]

S%69B22222223FKG]F:;_P!`ZQ_\!+?_`.-T
M:7_R#=._Z\;3_P!)XZO4`4?[,TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;H_LS3?^@=8_P#@);__
M`!NKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_X6__`,;H_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QNKU%`%'^S--_Z
M!UC_`.`EO_\`&Z/[,TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QN
MC^S--_Z!UC_X6__`,;J]10!1_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNC^S--_Z!UC_`.`E
MO_\`&ZO44`4?[,TW_H'6/_@);_\`QNC^S--_Z!UC_P`EO\`_&ZO44`4?[
T
MW_H'6/\`X6__P`;H_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_P`EO\`
M_&Z/[
TW_H'6/_@);_\`QNKU%`%'^S--_P@=8_^`EO_`/&Z/[,TW_H'6/\`
MX6__P`;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_^`EO_P#&Z/[
TW_H'6/_`(6_P#\;J]10!1_
MLS3?^@=8_P#@);__`!NC^S--_P@=8_^`EO_`/&ZO44`4?[
TW_H'6/_`(6
M_P#\;H_LS3?^@=8_^`EO_P#&ZO44`4?[,TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;H_LS3?^@=8

M(PV%I?QL;BJ&&J5



M#XAL]'\97L%A8KIMM%\(_P#!-O\`9F^)O@7XR?L/^/H=
^*'[/O[0GACX2_%

\*Z'8^([U?!-49NM%3]A5I0658C
'


VGW.FZ=



M?!O]K_P?X
_X**Z#:?L7Z]XV^'?QZ_X+AZQKWCGQ/\1OV-9?VFO$G@G]F7Q%

M^B[RI./+.%7#XF%6K7RZE6I5HPRZKC8XOPWA3Q.'S&NJ
)83V7&N
3JXJGA(

_PBO[&/PF^
(
MM4^?P1^(.@Z9H<]K=6[2ZC<ZJEO92RK;7SVUSF$?G__`
$0?A#X_P#@=X]_
MX*
^!O\`A$?V@/7[-]S\?OAWXP_9F_X7C\;7]G*V\1^'O%/PW$_C'Q/X)^



;K^.J^_80_;D\$?L$V%WXI^$WQ%'PF

MC2M


+G

MS


M?PH^-?B+]GS]F/0?$WAK3/V#_C_\O%/C9?#OQT\!:Q'X+NM+\3?_P7-\=?

OT-_P2K^OQ[^O[?O[3_
M`/PW#\&/&_Q*^/GQ#^&/PE\2?`+]N6R^$_CE/@UIOP'M?!VG6.H?LJ^%]0N[


MJ55_9.4YA')6Q.)Q-'&X24I.OAX5J'


9Y9^N?QS_;F_9._9T^
/@G]G[XEZSXUG^-GQ'\(:GX]\$?#'

M`EF5G:?P7^UKX-^(/QH\`?/PO\`LW?M9KH?Q#^&.O?$VR^.?C3]EGXB?7X





/BX3K4?ZCO[
TW_`*!U









MP?##5K7Q#!KVJ_L]?$W6/C%\



YY[FDZE.GAL5
MBJ

J6&Q

/BL=3A.2I4^.



M^WQH_X):_#KXJ?\%6?V:/@3XW^!7QI\7?L'?#3_`(),V'PD\1Z?XB^.7@W


%SX_V.OAW\7?!=Y\1?@'^P/X8^#WB_3--\



M:P&%S*K'T
=..#Q-=TZ.*GAJ-'&Z4





Z
M^(^HU'3E6PV%HJC4EC\1BLOR[^BS^S--_P@=8_^`EO_`/&Z/[,TW_H'6/\`
MX6__P`;J]17.=)1_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QNC^S--_Z!UC_X6__`,;J]10!
M1_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNC^S--_Z!UC_`.`EO_\`&ZO44`4?[,TW_H'6/_@)
M;_\`QNC^S--_Z!UC_P`EO\`_&ZO44`4?[
TW_H'6/\`X6__P`;H_LS3?\`
MH'6/_@);_P#QNKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_P`EO\`_&Z/[
TW_H'6/_@);_\`QNKU
M%`%'^S--_P@=8_^`EO_`/&Z/[,TW_H'6/\`X6__P`;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_
M^`EO_P#&Z/[
TW_H'6/_`(6_P#\;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_P#@);__`!NC^S--
M_P@=8_^`EO_`/&ZO44`4?[
TW_H'6/_`(6_P#\;H_LS3?^@=8_^`EO_P#&
MZO44`4?[,TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;H_LS3?^@=8_P#@);__`!NKU%`%'^S--_Z!
MUC_X6__`,;H_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QNKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_`.`EO_\`&Z/[
M,TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QNC^S--_Z!UC_X6__
M`,;J]10!1_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNO/KU52\NT151$N9U1%`55597JJ@`*J













M








?V@?V.
MO`/ACP5\




M?&#5]9F\10ZAXS^&_P`&?B#^SUH0OM'\2:MHE_X7U3X*?%?XD_%?XE?#3QMX



M_P`51]KM/^?FW_[_`$?_`
50!8HJO]KM/^?FW_[_`$?_`
51]KM?^?FW_P_
MT?\`\50!8HJO]KM/^?FW_P_T?\`\51]KM/^?FW_`._T?_Q5`%BBJ_VNT_Y^
M;?\`[_1__%4?:[3_`)^;?_O]'_\`%4`6**K_`&NT_P?FW_[_1__`!5'VNU_
MY^;?_O\`1_\`Q5`%BBJ_VNT_Y^;?_O\`1_\`Q5'VNT_Y^;?_`+_1_P#Q5`%B
MBJ_VNT_Y^;?_`+_1_P#Q5'VNT_Y^;?\`[_1__%4`6**K_:[3_GYM_P#O]'_\
M51]KM/\`GYM_^_T?_P`50!8HJO\`:[7_`)^;?_O]'_\`%4?:[3_GYM_^_P!'
M_P#%4`6**K_:[3_GYM_^_P!'_P#%4?:[3_GYM_\`O]'_`/%4`6**K_:[3_GY
MM_\`O]'_`/%4?:[3_GYM_P#O]'_\50!8HJO]KM?^?FW_`._T?_Q5'VNT_P?
MFW_[_1__`!5`%BBJ_P!KM/\`GYM_^_T?_P`51]KM/^?FW_[_`$?_`
50!8HJ
MO]KM/^?FW_[_`$?_`
51]KM/^?FW_P_T?\`\50!8HJO]KM?^?FW_P_T?\`
M\51]KM/^?FW_`._T?_Q5`%BBJ_VNT_Y^;?\`[_1__%4?:[3_`)^;?_O]'_\`
M%4`6**K_`&NT_P?FW_[_1__`!5'VNT_Y^;?_O\`1_\`Q5`%BBJ_VNT_Y^;?
M_O\`1_\`Q5'VNU_Y^;?_`+_1_P#Q5`%BBJ_VNT_Y^;?_`+_1_P#Q5'VNT_Y^
M;?\`[_1__%4`6**K_:[3_GYM_P#O]'_\51]KM/\`GYM_^_T?_P`50!8HJO\`
M:[3_`)^;?_O]'_\`%4?:[7_GYM_^_P!'_P#%4`6**K_:[3_GYM_^_P!'_P#%
M4?:[3_GYM_\`O]'_`/%4`6**K_:[3_GYM_\`O]'_`/%4?:[3_GYM_P#O]'_\
M50!8HJO]KM/^?FW_`._T?_Q5'VNT_P?FW_[_1__`!5`%BBJ_P!KM?\`GYM_
M^_T?_P`51]KM/^?FW_[_`$?_`
50!8HJO]KM/^?FW_[_`$?_`
51]KM/^?FW
M_P_T?\`\50!8HJO]KM/^?FW_P_T?\`\51]KM/^?FW_`._T?_Q5`%BBF))'


M_@M/X

TJ3E)_G@']B77?A=^S3\+OV:_`'[9_[6GAFW^#5SHEM\/OB]90_LJ2_%+3
M/!'ASPC/X)T/X8:OIM[^RU=?!7QAX(T[0Y]\
GC/X.^(/&3ZS;:=XAF\7RZY

M-JWC3QWXW\43Z'I'AWPW;ZOXI\5Z[JVL3Z1X2\

@G
M2_\`L'67_I-%0!HT444`%%%%`&=K'_()U3_L'7O_`*32UHUG:Q_R=4_[!U[
M_PDTM:-`!1110`4444`%9UE_P`?.L?]A&+_`--.EUHUG67_`!\ZQ_V$8O\`
MTTZ70!HT444`%%%%`!6=+_R%K+_L':I_Z4Z/6C6=+_R%K+_L':I_Z4Z/0!HT
M444`%%%%`!1110!G:/\`\@G2_P#L'67_`*315HUG:/\`\@G2_P#L'67_`*31


M-HTYQC*%6IPMG=*E.
DG%PJU


M_!VY^31?A;^TYXCN5^:2ST3X$^*)[J&#HUS*MU)9QB!9#'$S+(S^9+&`A4LR



HBNB3]DAE$]S9I]IA==X57_Q#+BV*4J]/A[!0;:57
N-N




T_MJ:[SXM

M'$+=+B






M'*WG_!2#]B.QFD@G_:!\+.\2JS-9Z1XOU&$AD$@\NXT_PY=6\S;2`RQ2NROF

N%))4
2`2
M2
9-=59^!O!.GP1VUAX.\+6-M$6
5O9^'])MH(R[F1S'%#:)&A:1F=BJ@L[%
MCEB31]9\+H?\R7C[%=W_`*S\/8&^SO;_`%2S&UM8\MWS74N:-N1GU/QIJ?\`



?XQ_^
4?\/*O@-_T)O[0?_AC_&/_`
8K]!Z*7]L^





M03H+F86UA8PP6L`FN)I9Y?*B3S)I9)7R[LQZ:ODL_P`5E&.SO-
9D.5U
ER;
M$XVO5RS*:N

M`XGSJEQ%Q#A



3BL9@Z;=6
O&G[1GCS59OAWIWQ-^'7CCQ=H

)U9N%'VKHXCV)7HU
/'#RJPG

M1HT5G?VQI/\`T%-._P#`VV_^.T?VQI/_`$%-._\``VV_^.T`:-%9W]L:3_T%
M-._\#;;_`..T?VQI/_04T[_P-MO_`([0!HUG:/\`\@G2_P#L'67_`*314?VQ
MI/\`T%-._P#`VV_^.U0TK5=

M&4@$$$$`B@#H**SO[8TG_H*:=_X&VW_QVC^V-)_ZFG?^!MM_P#':`-&BL[^
MV-)_ZFG?^!MM_\`':/[8TG_`*FG?\`@;;?_':`#6/^03JG_8.O?_2:6M&N
M?U75=,DTO4HX]2L)))+\1$2\MV=W:WD5415D+
S
0%4`DD@`$FK_P#;&D_]
M!33O_`VV_P#CM`&C16=_;&D_]!33O_`VV_\`CM']L:3_`-!33O\`P-MO_CM`
M&C16=_;&D_\`04T[_P`#;;_X[1_;&D_]!33O_`VV_P#CM`&C6=9?\?.L?]A&
M+_TTZ71_;&D_]!33O_`VV_\`CM4+/5=
6XU5FU*P59+^-XRUY;@2(-+TV

M
@#*)(W0LN0'1USN4@`'045G?VQI/_04T[_P-MO_`([1_;&D_P#04T[_`
#;
M;_X[0!HT5G?VQI/_`$%-._\``VV_^.T?VQI/_04T[_P-MO\`X[0!HUG2_P#(


M`&R/BA^[^#7[*F@?#/2I\?9/&G[3?Q#LM#
8E'R&_P#AGX4=O&%J81B679?W

M^$J.=T
/B.]'-
;EG(TXU9TY6B_E/^(GU
T]W@[@/COBE2TACZV2QX-R1?\`

]1N2%$P@N]*OM4@\
A(


FX+PDI)Z.
ZCXSQ=:
M@][RH8&O..CCAY/W6I^
^;)-4?#G@BG-)_O:O$/B'CH0:U4Z=*/A[@J&)6J]

9F]/

M\@HJ3;YU)647_P`0\SW






M`

M2+_]L:3_`-!33O\`P-MO_CM`&C16=_;&D_\`04T[_P`#;;_X[1_;&D_]!33O
M_`VV_P#CM`&C16=_;&D_]!33O_`VV_\`CM']L:3_`-!33O\`P-MO_CM`&C6=
M9?\`'SK'_81B_P#33I=']L:3_P!!33O_``-MO_CM4+/5=
6XU5FU*P59+^-X
MRUY;@2(-+TV

@#*)(W0LN0'1USN4@`'045G?VQI/_`$%-._\``VV_^.T?
MVQI/_04T[_P-MO\`X[0!HT5G?VQI/_04T[_P-MO_`([1_;&D_P#04T[_`
#;
M;_X[0!HUG2_\A:R_[!VJ?^E.CT?VQI/_`$%-._\``VV_^.U0DU73#JEG(-2L
M#&MAJ2

B
WF;0SK'(44D%A&Y`(5L`'045G?VQI/\`T%-._P#`
MVV_^.T?VQI/_`$%-._\``VV_^.T`:-%9W]L:3_T%-._\#;;_`..T?VQI/_04
MT[_P-MO_`([0!HT5G?VQI/\`T%-._P#`VV_^.T?VQI/_`$%-._\``VV_^.T`

M8$





MP^T+3/#`T_\`9UT_X



MZ=HUCZM175.O6J2Q
JDW.6
KPQ6)E*SE6Q
*

.\1.35_;5:5.FL3434\5.E

/2E)T\
M++&8SZM&DL7B%5^)/$W_`E-_9_[

M^S`/^DG_K17_!*2OTCK$`HHHH`****`L[1_P#D$Z7_`-@ZR_\`2:*M&L[1
M_P#D$Z7_`-@ZR_\`2:*@#1HHHH`****`
[6/^03JG_8.O?\`TFEK1K.UC_D$
MZI_V#KW_`-)I:T:`BBB@`HHHH`*SK+_`(^=8_[
7_IITNM&N2U+Q/X;\*0



3
M4X:S#+


HK\\



-VD1;RRU'5E\/S
MJ'9R5.BA6WL'#*Q!^I?/PR^&_PYOK.T^'WP_P#!/@:U;2]21[?P?X5T/PU



M:#I7AW3$*+M0K8:1:6=JI5?E7$0VKP
#BNFHKP
ZXMXHXC4(Y[Q!F^:TJ5O8


M?ZQC




M2O`/PZU;0/@]\6OBU:Z/J.AW/B:X^*/B/Q3K]K\*[BUTVTTGP!#X)MM
O;_4
M]7^(FFZSINE^$_$O;?M$?&1/@-\)];^(D6@+XLUS^V_`?@7P3X5FU:3P]8^)
M_B5\6?'_`(8^%/PQ\/:QXFBTCQ#)X5\/ZS\0?&GAK3O$7BN/P]X@D\




V]_
MXTTS_A(--N/V??C5J/[0WP@UCPSJ



MF(Q4[]N6A3J.^JTM?4\W





%+;




MXR;?QO\`M+^)].^&UO:JQ(AEN?AW82WGBR]AF7][YEAJ1
:!05831N/M?P-\
M+_AM\

M
DCO(2Q[JC^WN!

S/-
MZ3E_%=6#]FC_`%8\3

.M&OQ!Q?4XKK8GFUC

7@N/0/*WD
MF06'Q

7_IITNHJ^)G&4:=3#Y5FD.&


\?2FJL

M59)I5L)0XEQ698#+)I-\D




?QK_
M`


]LQ^RQV

Z']'ZO@FUQ'XR?1^


MT2&*YP\:NKC_`




K+Y4;EE!^.-._X(H?\$Z8[I=2\5_!SQ/\`$S6U$F[7
M/B1\9OC'XCOI7GWM=2SP)XYL-)FENYY)+J9Y--8BZ=IX?);&/H7PG_P3?_8&

\5N.
3.#6U:MDV&FGH\
TKR\[B_X
M*N_\$Z+75?$%E-^UQ\)_-MM2B#2Q:AJEQ8SC^S;&'S+'4[?2I=.U*$202H9]



/7Z&?\(#
MX$_Z$KPE_P$YH__`,AT?\(#X$_Z$KPE_P$YH__`
AT?5N./^ASPI_XC.;^


MSNKBTN/LUS$MS;3207R1,4KT(?!7X.#1=+\-_\`I_AJWA[1+:RL]&T-_`W






M8W_96OKRY.ZXN[O]GKX27%U
(I)9J(SL$1B$5F/`)';:7\8OA'K<DL6B_%/X<ZO+`BR3QZ7XW\
MW\D

R_A2MUM_:^



@5GB
U
MK)+&)$5T9D+;E#J2`&&6V7_'SK'_`&$8O_33I=?EUJ7_``1&_P7NJW`NKK
M]EK3XI!&L073?BM\==&M]J%F!-II'Q/L;0R$N=TQA
S@*KNRH@7F++_@BQ^Q




8DO+'1]%@TF]0







\5A_!7Q'SK!4X\U3

:<*T
XR^--Q3:J2Q*@UJI








M_N\X_6


)SG.$*[Q4
M8SJ3DO;M8N



M5U?HQ16W^N^7?]&ZX!_\)N*?+_JJ_+\7W

M^$N_X*'_`/1KG[-?_AT;O_Y74O\`:7_!2*Y_?P_!;]C;38I?F2QU#Q7X\O+V



M'85I[M3P\K^FA+\

^(





81V6R6QG?V/I/_0+
MT[_PMO_`(U1_8^D_P#0+T[_`,`K;_XU6C161L9W]CZ3_P!`O3O_``MO_C5
M']CZ3_T]._\`K;_`.-5HT4`9W]CZ3_T]._\`K;_P-50L]*TQKC55;3;!E
MCOXTC#6=N1&ATO39B`QD*IDD=RJX!=W;&YB3T%?
_C[]KG]EKX-R^(G^*?[



MG_H%Z=_X!6W_`
:K\GU^!'_!7GXMKN^)W[:_P`_9JT^Y(:[\/?LQ_`N?XA7C
MVCJ-UE%XM^


M9PLA@TJ0([(CD




MLTQ9U]&/AYO^SN!?%SQ*Q



$]Z=+
*&24E_=@^'


_%#'-JUJN(CXS\0^(N35*[:4I?5\EPF$YK^SP=*$G!_



MQN8XFMC

DTO39


M]._\`K;_P-467_`!\ZQ_V$8O\`TTZ76C0!G?V/I/\`T]._P#`*V_^-4?V
M/I/_`$]._\``*V_^-5HT4`9W]CZ3_T]._\`K;_`.-4?V/I/_0+T[_PMO_
M`(U6C10!S^I:5ID=O&R:;8(QO]*0E+.W4E)-4LXY$)$8)62-F1UZ
C
K`J2#
M?_L?2?\`H%Z=_P`5M_\:HU3_CVB_PPCH__`*=K*M&@#._L?2?^@7IW_@%;
M?_&J/['TG_H%Z=_X!6W_`
:K1HH`SO['TG_H%Z=_X!6W_P`:H_L?2?\`H%Z=




OSMK_`/P18_X)

M-O++';+#N!7]3**\+$\)\+8UN6
X;R'%2;OS8C*

M)III
_5

QC3X=\:_%G(J48\BHY3XB\7Y?0=.W*Z4Z&%SBE1G1E#W
M)T9PE2G!N$X2@VG^1+_\$;O@GI(Q\-OVF_V\_@XJ`'X;?M/Z[86\`53'L6

UK_
M`


MP_W?`5L!;;^R\TS;*;=N7^S


4_';1OCS_P5
M<DTC2WG_`.9GP6GG?3K)IIW_:Q\`0O-*;:
R3-#_9%]Y32MF0Q&]NS&6V&Y
MG(

M$0A7)8$U^L^C_P#()TO_`+!UE_Z315HTUPYFD4E#CGBN.R;=#@ZJW9)*_M^$
(^BO\`1^KIR<HQCFGTD


+`VK
M?(CS:G8Z+:0P79F2=9+%HVDBA6WNY6Z150_MN?MDV&+C7O^0?QDM].!V/+


M?7?&[



N
^
_P!HWQ-X@\+^!]8T'X8^
M


M\9^
/%WB#2O!O@+P#X4@UK5-T.7Q7X^\;Z_X?\`!OAE-=U[0=_MS7+`ZWK
MNC:4+S4[12?+2C7UE2J.I&G*$74]K.E6EAZD*48*4JM2.(A/#NG34IO$1E14
T;5.
M49OU&BOAM/VZO#1^'5SX@D^!GQT@^,]M\8X?V?V_9(EF^`W_``T!)\7[GP;#
M\5;7P?!JT7QUE_9SF,_P1G3XX+XA3]H`^$XOATEPUSKT'B^TNO4/T=\$_B_


90IRG&

M)O\`E*;^R%_V8!_P4D_]:*_X)25^D=?FYXF_Y2F_LA?]F`?\%)/_`%HK_@E)
M7Z1UF`4444`%%%9^J:MI6AV








MKQGB\^Q6!H9/@Z;6JJ8K'4:;7VC];J*_)7_AN[]N'XB97X$?\$K_`(TBSN`)





9R7\BQ
$VFG4BK


M=^?L?_E/V:?B#K?]I;G9+?[/%5OX.+_;UC]F\X0;O[5T\2^4SWVWV_X/


!\'?^4G[66MFX*BR_X75X@^'_[.X?S

1YMSY'VS9YWV6T\W9]JN/(
M!_P3E_:8\78_X6__`

SY7F_8_P#A&;#Q!_9^
M[%QY7E^;Y/F0_PL^SMY_PME%'^IF45-

MM0\(!VF
0
APWDD<1%IQQ4\MPE;%II-)_6JU*IB+V;U=
M2^K[L\K.?I)_2S[`U<JS/QJ\3ZF35HN%7(L-QKQ!EV02@W%\G]@Y;CL)DZC



MK.LO^/G6/^PC%_Z:=+K1H`****`BBB@#.U3_CVB_PPCH__`*=K*M&L[5/^
M/:+_`+.C_\`IVLJT:`BBB@`HHHH`*SK+_CYUC_`+,7_IITNM&LZR_X^=8
M_PPC%_Z:=+H`T:***`BBB@`K.E_P0M9?]@[5/_2G1ZT:SI?\`D+67_8.U



_&;
MX)'PSX7T+P;^S%\;]




M^#_B7X

MPEX2U[4]'\


MWTC16[Q$W2=!65&

#1P].\Y+87+\!ALMPV$H3J3G4=!87!X7G]O.O5G6HO
M$NK[?$8NIB%6K5L1&A&O5J55A[*'-)\O+3KYIB,+%TX\M)+`RSO.(81PIPE3
MH9A5P\Y5*-'0PWXV_M=_MD?L[_LK?\`!3K]D:Y^
'BKQ%:7@_8/_;OL(/#O


/G6*P%/'K'*ACL5Q;@\5B



MRW1FCUM
_P+'[!$M[;ZO\`$;P1\2?CGK]N6=-?^
WQN^*OBJ_DGEB6.YN;




%UN38:CAH66RY:
(


TVG+F

FUHT5UGSQG?V7;?\]=
M1_\`!QJW_P`FT?V7;?\`/74?_!QJW_R;6C10!S^JZ;;QZ7J3K)?EDL+QP'U7


M&=_9=M_SUU'_`

M-6_^3:T:*`
[^R[;_GKJ/_@XU;_Y-H_LNV_YZZC_`.#C5O\`Y-K1HH`SO[+M

M`


M@R7X$=_&B[=5U-20=+TU\NRW@:1MSD!YSA`D881QHJW_PR[;_GKJ/_`(.-

MDVC^R[;_`)ZZC_X.-6_^3:T:*`
[^R[;_GKJ/_@XU;_Y-H_LNV_YZZC_`.#C





M]E'Q(^

VE^C_%CXL^`/@AX$UGXD_$S7)=!\)Z)

R]G[2\)+V?MJ<*U+GNO<]K2JTZM/FMSTZD)QO&<6

MU`PHHHH`****`L[1_\`D$Z7_P!@ZR_])HJT:SM'_P03I?_`&#K+_TFBH`T
M:***`BBB@#.UC_D$ZI_V#KW_P!)I:T:SM8_Y!.J?]@Z]_\`2:6M&@`HHHH`
M****`LZR_X^=8_[,7_`*:=+K1K.LO^/G6/^PC%_PFG2Z`-&BBB@`HHHH`



=+J^O5


LP






M*OX

M*Y^[I_5LFJ^T2U;=/F44I-V46U^I5%?EI_PW7^UOJ'[KP_\`\$NOVA+FY3]Y
M

*YG_+#Z
MMPM5YY7TY8<TKZ6N?J76=+_R%K+_`+!VJ?\`I3H]?F*?VI?^G-[_HMK_P`$
MK=


M.G_!6'4M8T^TTW]A3X'^&9WT[5S_`&IXC_:7T;7=)B`FTK;Y]MH%K::J'\SR
MPB0072JT@DEM2BM*GQWE+_A97QI5U227`'&M\FTK?[7D.&22NFYR:II7;G




MUDLZX@RVM%+=I493[0;T#_7G







M)=I#!$]M%_;WA_PU&\RSN(

Z_P#O?&N%

M%EO)SC/S3/RT'[0'_!4_QD/^*5_8$^$WPGAGP+2^^+_[3WA[Q;B*0#R;R]TG


MK?[_`



MA[KPS\5_VJ/VZ?C1YOS75CX]_:3UY-#9G

A



MP3V6FV5WK5U)JVCZ7';:KJDCW5OIME';2BYO)[W4;K]':M:C_P`A74_^OBW_


MSXNQ_![Q3\0?VD_A)^V;^UA\0_B)^UGI7QP\
^#_``5^TQ^S]^S7^V7\$O#F



M`+]:3_\`*NM&B@#.^Q7/_08U'_OUI/\`\JZH:59W#:7IK+JM_&K6%FPC2/3
MD8-O&0B&339)J@[5+N[D`;G9LD]!6=H_P#R=+_`.P=9?\`I-%0`?8KG_H,
M:C_WZTG_`.5='V*Y_P@QJ/_`'ZTG_Y5UHT4`9WV*Y_Z#&H_]^M)_P#E71]B
MN?\`H

MCEB9_%QO$G#N6U94





M#2R/$LP;3M+\::O`$9W0![G2?#%[;)*&C8M`\JSJA21HQ'+&S\MJ7_!93_@F
MOI4Z6]U^TSI\LCQ+

M$S^74X_X#I7]KQMPC2L[/VG$F30L^SYL:K/R9XU7Q/\`#2A?V_B'P-1Y7:7M

:C_WZTG_`.5=

JY?\`$1N`G\'&7#5;M]7SC`XF^VL?J]:I
MS1U5Y1O%=68?\17\
G_#X^X1K]OJN?Y;B^9?S0^K8BKSQ764;Q75GZ=?8KG_



!ALPS&I
M4_Z]4\!A

M`
JZ_
'_`(:W_PB?BT[?A]_P`$Q-1T2RER8M?^+?[3?PQ\+F!6\TPB[\(V

G]OZS\9_


P[.EPCG


MI/\`\JZ_
'_AFK_@I]XM/_%7?\%'/!OP^M'(^TZ5\*/V5_`NIM.@
:B.#Q#X
MRU2/5M/;]P+CSX(Y&


[S_[&N;_[
M-GS5\K[3Y7G8D\GS/*EV<-J'_!33]@;3)+J.Y_;$^',K6BNTIT_4+;5HW1^

8?=LWOMQN;/=:?\``;X&Z2EK'I7P8^%&F1V3



D^FZ78V
TD)
P36EIZ.Y_9OBE/X^,.!*_EH^'F?5)Z=ZM;Q+Y&GJW'ZNFM+3WO\`E&/^






ZEMO?X7I::77
M^S\+T;WMN[R5WRM7#_4C-9?Q?$KQ`JVV]_@VAIU7^R


M.Z#9+O=/KWDR6[Q858EMMR2*[F3:R+F9?@+_`
%7;X?:+S]OGX
:%.WRMIVB


ULS*=TE
MI87UYX@6]E@@W&&VNKF
73(J2S*92U!_8B_;5NA]GU/_`(*G?&26PE(6ZCTK

3Q76[_`%CC

^&7_$Q?&V([_6O$WQ)Q
7_
N2OQ9.



M5=.W07_$+.!I-NOE&*QUTDXYGGW$6:P:BVTG3S+-L5!I-MI.+2Z'Y3/_`
$9

M7Y:]`T'_`()

11?$][KS(W_+
MS'
'2\/-VLYK]&:*UH^'_`M7M*7!OZJ_\`/Z60Y94KOUKU
-.M+J]9O5M[

M_P#Z*N@_LU?`73I%BE@-W'\%/A-+J,D$TXN9(9]3N/!4VH7,1F5&$=Q=2(@
MBA1%6.)4]MT+X5^!OSK)X9\-^'?#DB2_:$?0O7@W2'2?RQ%YRMI_AVW99

M`/*NJ%G9W!N-5`U6_4K?QJS+'IA
A.EZ:V]]VFLH8*PC`C$:;(T)0R%W?H*S


*1@V\9(9--DD*J#M4N[N0!N=FR3?^Q7/_08U'_OUI/_`,JZ
M-'_Y!.E_]@ZR_P#2:*M&@#.^Q7/_`$&-1_[]:3_\JZ/L5S_T&-1_[]:3_P#*
MNM&B@#.^Q7/_`$&-1_[]:3_\JZ/L5S_T&-1_[]:3_P#*NM&B@#SV[1H]1U%'
MFDN&6XAS-,(5D?.GV1&X010Q#:%&R)?E4%MS98PU:U'_D*ZG_U\6_\`Z;K&




JL'6;2I*=!0E6@ZC]Q


M/XE\/^

MTZYM[_2]5TV[N;_LIX;JTGE@E21M'3G%U8RA.,L/4A2KIQ:=&K4C.4*=5-7
MIU)QIU)0A/EE*,)M)J+:A-.,))IQJ.K&$D[QG*@X1K*#VDZ+JTU52;=-U(*=
MG.-_D/Q-_P`I3?V0O^S`/^DG_K17_!*2OTCK\R_&^KZ3H__``5&_9%NM6U3

MO;2R&*6.0+L=6/!B\QR_`1Y\=CL'@H;\V+Q5##QMWYJTX+\3AQN:Y7ED.?

MRP&7PM?GQN






M\
?^8'[4NK&0?Z,/BIKG@7X)[LQ;T^T_P#07.LM9Y::R1_





CQ
DE+F479







TD&G
M?#+P590O

M+AKAW+::HY?D.38&E':GA

HHQH95P
RH


MZ7_V#K+_`-)HJT:SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_P#2:*M&@`HHHH`****`
ZR_X^=8_PP
MC%_Z:=+K1K.LO^/G6/\`L(Q?^FG2ZT:`BBB@`HHHH`SM4_X]HO^PCH__IVL
MJT:SM4_X]HO^PCH__IVLJT:`BBB@`HHHH`*SK+_`(^=8_[
7_IITNM&LZR
M_P/G6/^PC%_Z:=+H`T:***`BBB@`K.E_YUE_V#M4_]*='K1K.E_YUE_V
M#M4_]*='H`T:***`BBB@`HHHH`SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_P#2:*M&L[1_^03I?_8.
MLO\`TFBK1H`****`BBB@#@=1_YNI_]?%O_`.FZQJK5K4?^0KJ?_7Q;_P#I
MNL:JT`%%%%`!7QWXG_Y&7Q#_`-AS5O\`TON*^Q*^._$__(R^(?\`L.:M_PE




/

MPYXH\/\`[/0N/$.B:[X4/CCXU_M/?%SPGX:\7:%K'AKQ-H/PU^
W[2OQ8^*O
MPOTWQ%X



RRV



M7%4-*CU
Z7IICO+!8S86917TVXD=4-O'M5W758U=@N`SB.

02$4':.@K.T?

M.\K5O^?W3O\`P5W/_P`N*/*U;_G]T[_P5W/_`


W&J[;RP#_C$A;3;A@S_`-EZ:0R`:JIC41E%*,TA+J[[PKB.
M/H*SK+_CYUC_`+


5JW_/[IW_@KN?_`)<5HT4`


MO^?W3O\`P5W/_P`N*/*U;_G]T[_P5W/_`
N*T:*T(
[RM6_Y_=._\%=S_P#+


^7;2X9I5C+&)2X
\(DH'
M]NWX47N?^$5\#?'?QUD$P_\`(_'Q'=_:
83]S_`&E_96?])/V/Y]@^U?*3









M0EU=]X5Q''\E?\





/]6?#W_HYO_FEYWY?]1'F

+M%(
JX22
D$@
M'_#!7P.FPFI:G\6


MH[=4EB.)



M^WC^R]ID@BG^./AJ=S


S2MG
C





M/3XH_MTZGC[)^RY\/?#._./^$C^
NBZQY.S.XR_\(\?G$^


MK:MCLR\1L?67K!\=T


/[0^B+I

2<.PEA<'AO[-

MG3Y
*^._$_\`R
OB'_L.:M_Z7W%?8E?'?B?_`)&7Q#_V'-6_]+[B@#ZH\
?\

(Y\.]$




JL)5FTJ49T(PE6@ZC]Q2HQ

MK?+?EG2J1E:4))?,WB;_E*;^R%_V8!_P4D_]:*_X)25^D=?FYXF_P4IO[(


M


MK&Y5B\OPCVO;%XZEA\-9)IM^ULDTW9
^UP_A-XFXBG&NN`N*\-AI?#C
QR3'



$L@9
MS'H_\+@_;0O3NMOV.M`T54^5HM8_:$\%:C+
QR?
ADTG3%CCC485DE&\M\RG


=&[=KO#63OS-6=OM2BOBK_`(3G]NV[
M_P!1\_@MI7V@XA&J?$W4+XZ?YAPAO\`^S;11=BVR&N/L.TS!'%N`644O]H_
M\%;P[+;PY^R7HS)EVGU?5_BKJ

HX`BBCTI$FCER=^^7


MD.
M:R;_`.$S$XYRLW:T%)NSE%.'O'VI17Q7_9?_``4'NLS7'BG]E#2I#\OV
M/2]$^*%_:*JC`=;C4I$NB\G)=6!13PAQP$_X0#]NBZQ#/^T#\(=+C?E[O3?A
M3+?74!4;PL$&HWBVLH=P(7
Q4K$[R)^]503_`%-PD?XW'/!%'O\`[=G6)M:W

?)H
M_PSOX%U%)PV2S3MJVIH\3)@!!#E7#
7P57.?9_L^?M.3W6K27G[;/BEK@WT
M7GO8?!SP%IT$LQTVP=Y4LUOIX;9CQ1)!`$C18=Q+O(Q#_U4R-_:^)/!J=O


4C@
M\
:9I'C!YY=_EI%`WA;1]7B=Y9
+&WFB

Z7ZV45^,_P#;GQ#\1?Z/X+^*W[?/Q&M)L._
I(D0#X]^)G@M6

M7]2\I@TAO/&WBB$W0#$[)_[
U+3@JD'8?LPMVV@$
'RYP68^



M_$+4
;


M_P!N1Z/\LXRT1?8`H(F\EL*?.[__`(*E?`='DBT?PO\`$'494+`/?)X
T2TD
M)7]T8YKGQA//L=_ED
EI&T2_O-CCGZZM/V8/V;[*-HH?@+\'W5G,A-W\.O

J80$1+((U8LX0
1HV96:,R0Z8C%R(Q4G:6521E1COI\*<2U5_P`*7B_F<I-/F?#'A9PW
.(AF&3#_`,%1/$6NIYWA_P%_ANU

#*PVA2RU^KWA?PKX8TC1]$32O#
MF@Z8EK86CVRZ?H^GV2V[OLKO`MM;Q)FE=Y&:

-E[)I_P`*/CKK=[8K(0%N8XY8]+M=X7S#!#-YL<TL161X

QSV=[XK\7QK




MTVL^(_!E@^KZ_/










MCUA5R;(:M-[6YJ=7*YPE:R:YHNS2:U5SX^_X97\6_P#1UO[2/_A6Z7_\IZ0_

HZ#7BKQ@TXU/]5


M7PCK4ZAB%


FY$_Z^X#$W_M?PZ\/


M
8\:^U/X9W.IZ&6V


M_P`2.$

)0D^LUD&(CVI1W#^V/#+&?[YP/Q



`N


#]-X\9?3]H;P#LR)YO%/PHU..SCV8
DL=SI=YJ

MX$D







M8WFLX_5
_P`JQ/






MZ=./[N%'F56GE64Y-M&52E4C-T\+D665Z-'&0QEGCHXZI*G4PF/J8*G_/'

M@57S6OB/JTHU%1Q




MI\O

N<;A






&_9[_:K<
6_;


`UGZ7^R)XWUC3=./C+]J3]HK6X6L;
M9^'OB0O@;3+B+R(0L



MG5G:4:G#W@_P]EV*LKI..*R7@[#8F





ZW^TMX0\&QR9
M
]IX%^$.DZQ\C[O

JCJ



TF\62SE
DZR6@F6



4Y?%

E^7R



MQT\99O(ENM

M`GK1HKZ\^;,[S=6_P?+3O_``:7/_RGJA))J?\`:EF39V`D%AJ051J5P4*&



BF
(Q=EC(=G385022
M7_-U;_GRT[_P:7/_`


M1E$;7_-U;_GRT[_P:7/_`
IZ-4_X]HO^PCH__IVLJT:`
[S=6_Y\M._\&ES_

798R'9TV%4$DG05G67_'SK'_81B_\`33I=`!YNK?\`/EIW





X;;N`(^@]'_Y!.E_

SO3Q<=N:7WONSY%O/V*?V<+_SO/^?



PAQS

M68S-7:BW:UY1A)^]+6G_$6O$:7\;BO


M2DG\X_#OX?:O\/(-=TS6OB%XW^(EW=ZI!=#4?&^K6VLW=D@TRR1;6SNH=
TR




G
(Q^[P_B?XB8+`X3+
MXUX









A?V_\`\5#_`

M*^%-`\3:;I^M_`Z'QWX3\6^



M\-1HTX2HTX?6/:4
MRW`4INK5C4HSIX6KE=/

MG0_EX^$MK^S_`*5\`DT7Q[K/['7BW_@GU:?\%(HKWX^^-O@MH'A+P;_P2L\1


M^&9?^&B/BE_PS2?`#6

(!_P`*J&G+_8Y^'/\`PB_]A$:'


,_A/X5T#5$.HS:#K^KQV(:;Z,KG2;I4:]G
M[+$1K3HR::YXT,7B,#6:B[27)B\)B*+4DFY4I-)Q<9-2C*#M*+5XPDFU[LHS
MA&<90E\,U:7+)P<N2I&I1GRU:=2$?BW_`(7+_P`%0?\`HS+]@G_Q93^T+_\`
M2HZ/^%R_\%0?^C,OV?_`!93^T+_`/2HZ^TJ*1)\6_\`Y?^H/_`$9E^P3_
M`.+*?VA?_I4='_Y?^H/_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_`.E1U]I44`?%O_Y?^H/_1F

MYI.GZ=]KOKG4%%N(I-'X+?$OQG\4/#NHZSXW_9W^


MX*@_]&9?L$_^+*?VA?\`Z5'1_P`+E_X*@_\`1F7[!/\`XLI_:%_^E1U]I44B
M3XM_X7+_`
%0?^C




M7_@J#_T9E^P3_P+*?VA?_I4=?:5%22?%O\`PN7_`(*@_P#1F7[!/_BRG]H7
M_PE1T?\+E_X*@_]&9?L$_\`BRG]H7_Z5'7VE10!\6_\+E_X*@_]&9?L$_\`
MBRG]H7_Z5'52V^
'_!4!)M08?L:?L%

ML2ON(0@N4VD('?[=KYC^$7[5GP[^
OQG^.GP1\


7Q/
M_Y?^H/_1F7[!/_`(LI_:%_^E1T?\+E_PH/\`T9E^P3_XLI_:%_\`I4=?
M:5%
1\6_\+E_X*@_]&9?L$_^+*?VA?\`Z5'1_P`+E_X*@_\`1F7[!/\`XLI_
M:%_^E1U]I44`?%O_``N7_@J#_P!&9?L$_P#BRG]H7_Z5'51_C!_P5`-_;3?\
M
:?L%!DL[Z

M[J




MZ5'1_P`+E_X*@_\`1F7[!/\`XLI_:%_^E1U]I44BSXM_X7+_`
%0?^C

M:3J
7.48KE3E)13E*


M_P!




MXI^/O$

M#F3C+V=6G#FB[2IS2=JE*HHU:4U*E5AI4%4XRIU:MHG&K1E3C4@UJO;4

M/[0O_P!*CH_X7+_P5!_Z
R_8)_\`%E/[0O\`]*CK[2HI$GQ;_P`+E_X*@_\`
M1F7[!/\`XLI_:%_^E1T?\+E_X*@_]&9?L$_^+*?VA?\`Z5'7VE10!\17WQ@_

M_Y?^H/_1F7[!/_`(LI_:%_^E1UVW[1'[5GP[_9KU;X/:-XXT/QMKUQ\8OB

/!.A^*/$&


ZG
MQ;_PN7_@J#_T9E^P3_XLI_:%_P#I4='_``N7_@J#_P!&9?L$_P#BRG]H7_Z5

R_8)_\`
M%E/[0O\`]*CK[2HH`^+?^%R_\%0?^C

MA+X0_#OQU\5?'NHRZ3X)^&_A'Q#XX\6ZG;Z?J.KW-CX=\+:5=:UK%S:Z1I%K



;1IUJS2G*T)3]EAZ]14U)


M'_X7+_P5!_Z




FZ5X
M`^)&H^#2/OU:=/O5:EG&*^S!U:.']K4E\-&C]8Q.&P[KU90HK$8G#4'-5<1
M1A-M-0]HT^7VD:




MP%&W@?QW\2?$7Q(^(4^N^(_#HT?X8^`_`_PX\5^)?&VO:4-=U;1])L'O8?#]




M@G_Q93^T+_\`2HZ/^%R_\%0?^C


MSD]HQA&4I.RBFVD:T*%7$UZ.&H0=6OB*M.A1IQMS5*M6:ITX1NTKSG*
5=I7



MG3G3Y'))*I%SA)2C*

M3E#!4JU*G*2C[2?UC'8O
:]2JXJ
7.KC





M*%.52^_

5BJV


CQ`VNIH.MMX6ATJX\3+I&I-X




M76A0JJTZ








MN+R\N(+2TM();FZNKF6.VMK:-I9[BXGE9(H8(8D:2661ECCC5G=@H)&%X/

6TD<]O/)$ZL=:DY5IU:O*ERNGSJ;C25
M55%0@VW)Q4XT*JI<\G*HJ-1\TW;4SE.=6K6K3=2OC
3C


(4J3KPA3ITZ;IP71T445F(*#G!QU[9.!GW.#CZX/T








DXIQDG*

M'5]3AN=1@CO-/MIX5N?)=&

M/@[Q%I?AS2?BKIFHZS\





M_PT9\!K_P.'BK]F&[

M!]YH.DV






M/O`/@WX%?&CXF_M!^(/B#\4]=^&WCCX0V_B#Q7XU\=_L_P#[

MQ!\:I#X.TOP9\1+[QWXC\3:1K%UXM\#V/@%]$\??H%116U6M*KR)J

M;652I*K5J2E.4I2G4J3E)WERTX\EC&EAJ-C3XJ5*-&-.$95)0HT*&%P\*D




MIYOPI_JQ0E1G0JT

MM@Z.+I87%3KU*55^YBZ

M`(D?M*_M6Z#\(_VB_@/;'X/_``J\&_`S4;SP%\+Y_!?BNW\*^(?`NI?%3X=W
%#XG#SH^UE7P

_@G2OB5!KGAW4?%WP&U_





]`UCPKXK\
ZY9PZAHW

M@C%WKOBC7]8US4I@UUJ6HW=U))

MK9?7DJD:5+#4)T:.)PL'AL4IUL=F
ZBI.GAG+.E6I4J=.G+#T\0EM];G4Z
M%\1EE6

+_$G[;'P9\$S?
MMNRP?$3Q5^VE^T#\#/BO_P`$Z[33?V:H;;X;?!#X<?!W]I[6/AGX]UC0[WX2
MW/[6VEWOCQ_A1\*/BS9?$35/B_:?#WQC;?$!?^$-T%/!.LZ%81?NU7SS8_LN
M?.S^-LW[0<X^*6O_$?S;^ZTF#QI^T#\?_'GPR\':CJFC#PY?ZU\./@5XU^)

O[

MTQ^R_P#L-?!;5/#7[2?C+Q?I?B__`((C_'[]H[P)X2\6_#WX%+X?^`WQ)_9L
M^%'[-+?#&?X777AWX5Z'XKUS1_L_Q8U0^*M+^.'B;XQQZYJ.C:1=64FB6#:C




K#&CR2
`B
M*S

MO:ZS\6_B7JW[*GQ)^+7B(

/K7]D_X




MUTUX\/:W=^%]6T74=3\*Z\+

MW^V*J/%9=7P')&E[;`YA@J56



Q-3


M%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?'?B?_D9?$/_

MMRL/PQ_R+7A[_L!Z3_Z06];E`!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`?)'Q._;K
M_96^#?CC7/AO\2/BE_PCGC3PY_9O]LZ-_P`(1\1M8^Q_VQI&GZ]IW_$QT'PA
MJFDW'VC2=4L;O_1+Z?R?/\B?RKF*:&/@O^'G/[#W_1;O_
;?%W_Y@:^]**^V


;
MAL%*K.6%P^


MA[_HMW_F-OB[_P#


U[1[/1_C#_`&:Z:U\/CXDL/$/AKQ/K.CKX


M'A*]_:8_9?T']I'X^.;;4O!=WX'\2V_Q`_9[UOXA^$+J=KBSGLO$/A75O_
MQ;\

M!6*U;Q?_`

9B








MF




Q
:BQ
M]..(Q7Z#UY5\;?C;\

EIRRJ488K#3JP4
MH1Q%&4E4CZV4U





M!7V[[)]A_P!.^S?:;/[1\[_$S]K#]H_X9_$GQ9^S
_PQ\.^+OV@_BQXFNKS]

2?
M&S2[_P&T?PA/AKQ9\4I?!WP_P#TRKQKQ/\`/\`X2/XY?3XT?\)!]C_P%
M6^/B_X-_P$;_LG[1_;O_UKSX97?\`:7]L?VE!_9G]@_\`N?+^Q_V5J']

/5I.;Q-!87#U
QS




M?[W
)5(SA4G#$3H4W&I2PTYQQ
OK/]LCQQ^TQ\
_`7B'XG?!?QI^S/\`#KP)







M]IAZD5+$8:-#B++HYAB*=2DZE*H\UX4CG.#PF$J1GA\NQ$

M/
NQ







M&3Q$*$
3BL-0C[J=&M6QLJ=.KBN=3JT(T

MN-2^









M^*/Q(^/'A+]H3XJ?%'PS\-;WPGX9\0^
?WQ:\`?$#3/#7PUU+XC^
=3\+^



M6&RCV



O!WB86WA+P]X)\6_LL_
M$6_^*OPF^$5GI%QJ7PA^$GQ?L_VP=/^'WA'Q?XTT:V\?\`Q$\9G]G34?$?


M3E5]M@










MU;1/A3X._9GB_:-^&O[*^M?S5/!/C34_P!H.#QK\2/`O@AH_'TGQ6B^)NE^
M!]'T[PY\;/B'I7PSU/X8S?`K5;^X\/:!K'CN+XFVYU&S\.6'K7PA^.?[7WC@
M_MB^'O$GP@_9NMOBQ\$/BIX:\(_/P#HGQS^)\?P[U_POX@^$?PP\?VMU\1_
MC??_`+/]UXELM?NI_%VNW]P/#/[.\VG:)$ND^$HT\1O9WGCO4LRU_8Q^)C?&




M?XX_LN?`+XP?$NP\*Z5\0OB/\*_!WB[QMIO@9-7C\&6/BC6='MKK6[7PLFOW

M8ZUQ$X5

FY1A&+2BI-R44DVV=#5FTI.=G
M;G:C%R_O.
(P@G+=J
783,
M//BK










?LOZ#^TC\!?'-MJ7@N


M)X`\0_#[X9?%CP_\/O@/KGQ_^+FM_#N\T3XP^'-=^.7B+Q%\9[7PQX9\/^*/
MB!X)UK0/$W[.=]\6X?`GB#0+CPK\
9-3TW5K7[J^`?P'U;X`?!/6/A7H'CFS



6VG_`!!\


_:*F\6?MH_%&'XP:
//B'\(_VO/!'[-G[2?C6[U'
MXH?WPG#X;\5_%?X.:9IOCCX
?!J&W^




R_PN.%6A&CED\SJTX*J8]SX'AQ`
M\)3ITJ

^N9



TM/WM/FE-2A
M[2






MYMH%^%5ZW@7P??:IXNTU=3URYL_BI/8:E-!'X+U;59M+\'7?BG57TR2U:TLK




S

'-%7P_IVD65WJ?B+Q+'X=L/LFJVS0MZTG[3'@5/C1'\]0L;_`$OQA=WN


M]INPU7POX*\6V7PA^

FG?$K4]'TGX=6S6/PZCU/QC=:SX0\1^



$$;RRR.0J(C


M5O=^(M*UK1-;TCQIA&CW%[I,;G2K2\^QB$[NHE=^RIJI.VMN=R]G!VVG4C
M2KU*:=E*GAL1*_[MIZ4J4JM2C2BTI5ZT:
')M1O*=.FYMV?N0J5J%.?+S3C+


MCZ*^//&O[3


;




#O'/CB+Q'X'\#?$A/$&@V_A2R\/


M[KQWJ+Z'X(L-(OOAO\0/&OA2/4_%'B%&T&STS7?$NB:AIE\8KCQ);:)I%Q;Z

DUKP]I
T)1:EH[0J


M_P`&UA_\D4?\)/X:_PAAT/_`,&UA_\`)%%%`!_PD_AK_H8=#_\`!M8?_)%'
M_3^&O\`H8=#_P#!M8?_`1110`?\)/X:_Z&'0__``;6'_R11_PD_AK_`*&'
M0_\`P;6'_P`D444`'_3^&O^AAT/_P`&UA_\D4?\)/X:_PAAT/_`,&UA_\`
M)%%%`!_PD_AK_H8=#_\`!M8?_)%'_3^&O\`H8=#_P#!M8?_`1110`?\)/X
M:_Z&'0__``;6'_R11_PD_AK_`*&'0_\`P;6'_P`D444`'_3^&O^AAT/_P`&
MUA_\D5XJWP]\+6WB+4-7\._&OQEX1T#7/$)\4^(O`'A[Q3X''A36M=N+J.\U




MXU?;^]*+C*TJ[E7FE)*I7G.O/FJSE-V_A[\)/`?AOX/Z#\-M9\4:/#=P^*O#
M?Q!UVYT#Q+:W



MYMR5HRE3M-5*;IRDI4:D*5&C2G1E)RE=&EA\/C*[=-4:;B[Q3%!\JE%VG&

M._\`A;D_Q962Q\8^&-;MDOD^%(^#UEIFIZS8?#OX86.L6O\`PCC7&I'^R/`'

:]H/Q.UGP]JWAGQ1\2?$2W6G:[X

M[N[DHJW-WI.*C#V

D[M6



+_B#X3\9VOB2#Q;X8\<WWP<F@



MWAO5/%WA#0?$'@-_WC/4_]K8Z997^L-KGA?6O$^F3WNB:5H^A:RG@_Q-X7





MG5]&^(^K:O?ZP-3\8:3?7&F:3KL=E;ZEX.\.R7-M)'I7A:RM)[/2A#/-;6

?AMXF@^&-IX$\'0



MT\4ZG\6]1N998Q=Z^5TR:77O?_&/PX^&OC.X\2WUWXYN]*U'Q'X?^&^A+J&C


16K.LFIJK-S@XM1LVVW)


MPQ8Z+)


M'_#G@71/!7Q2USP%JWP^;Q8NB^


I3NU-N$
M)0^-/FM.


M&LZ?KEMIVKR:GXKTWQ/=:G=:5I\6KO?V


@U


5K3=*4$HV2A&E*5.E!6C0@W&BJ:9[A_PD_AK
M_H8=#_\`!M8?_)%'_3^&O\`H8=#_P#!M8?_`1114C#_A)_#7_0PZ'_`.#:
MP_\`DBC_`(2?PU_T,.A_^#:P_P#DBBB@`_X2?PU_T,.A_P#@VL/_`)(H_P$
MG\-?]##H?_@VL/\`Y(HHH`/^$G\-?]##H?\`X-K#_P2*/\`A)_#7_0PZ'_X
M-K#_`.2***`#_A)_#7_0PZ'_`.#:P_\`DBC_`(2?PU_T,.A_^#:P_P#DBBB@
M`_X2?PU_T,.A_P#@VL/_`)(H_P$G\-?]##H?_@VL/\`Y(HHH`/^$G\-?]##
MH?\`X-K#_P2*/\`A)_#7_0PZ'_X-K#_`.2***`#_A)_#7_0PZ'_`.#:P_\`
MDBC_`(2?PU_T,.A_^#:P_P#DBBB@`_X2?PU_T,.A_P#@VL/_`)(H_P$G\-?


`
end








begin 644 legquarters20142010.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!


M:7_R#=._Z\;3_P!)XZO4`4?[
TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;H_LS3?^@=8_P#@);__
M`!NKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_X6__`
;H_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QNKU%`%'^S--_Z
M!UC_`.`EO_\`&Z/[
TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QN
MC^S--_Z!UC_X6__`
;J]10!1_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNC^S--_Z!UC_`.`E
MO_\`&ZO44`4?[
TW_H'6/_@);_\`QNC^S--_Z!UC_P`EO\`_&ZO44`4?[,T
MW_H'6/\`X6__P`;H_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_P`EO\`
M_&Z/[,TW_H'6/_@);_\`QNKU%`%'^S--_P@=8_^`EO_`/&Z/[
TW_H'6/\`
MX6__P`;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_^`EO_P#&Z/[,TW_H'6/_`(6_P#\;J]10!1_
MLS3?^@=8_P#@);__`!NC^S--_P@=8_^`EO_`/&ZO44`4?[,TW_H'6/_`(6
M_P#\;H_LS3?^@=8_^`EO_P#&ZO44`4?[






MU;^SOKWQHTCXA?LJ?M%_#7X;?#?PO\*9?B@/&?BK7/COXX^&.A_`^_T&SM]0

ZE\-=?TS4[=+9/'^BSC`WS.H\-B
5'!.&)PRSCB_!Y?6







MBN\T?Q[XO\)C1_%WQ!TO4-;EU6U\:ZYKJZOIOA[5&O/#FD_R;_LF?\$@?V\O
M%/@WQ1#HG@?XG_![X+_M;?';XS?#O_@H%X'^(&C:M\./&-]\$O@U\3M#^
_P

M'/
ZRS!N-3!X3+



\OSC%YJ\MJ3G4@JD7E






9EFJT8UHY[/AS!8O&2J_58XS,LHPN=9!
MFF)5@W4RFC&CF^49S*C5A/Z_P#V=7PM6GS8C`*85H0PE/&8B-1TXX66:5Z&

8XF+I_5\3#^YK2/C)\&
M==^!-E^TMIVIQGX+:A\+U^
UKXNO?!GB;2;IOALWAD^



M`


XXC


_A=_P


1FF+GE$73A

5FSS3%8:&048TUSQQU

*^&I97EN+Q&(_HY_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QNC^S--_Z!



M`

MA_P3T\


-0\F;


M]R+$9KCL3547.-'#Y;BZV49=#&U*WLJ^/KSR^M0PM7$X6NOZKO[
TW_H'6/_

$W?&OQD^


=#M?AK\++7QAXQU51J.C7T^M:Q)J4_=


M58S!XK+)93BZ#R_ZO6EB:E;+KXC#2Q=2&&_JN_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNC^S



^)?&&CZ?)K6DM9Z

M=NX58?7XY)C,1A?:1I^UH1C6AS8:I0Q%;FC4FIQA6I^PE4E.-%.I2JJJZ.

:/\`
M$K_@IWX$^
'@W0M.N]?^(.O_`!M\2IX];1[.32=



*JEO:+
\SA4S.5&G&C*&/S.I*C3C@L#AW/





?$W@GP_JFLQV:SW=OI=UXFTZZ
MU


MH.I^TW]F:;_T#K'_`
!+?_XW1_9FF_\`0.L?_`2W_P#C=7J*DLH_V9IO_0.L
M?_`2W_\`C=']F:;_`-`ZQ_\``2W_`/C=7J*`*/\`9FF_]`ZQ_P#`2W_^-T?V

M_0.L?_`2W_\`C=']F:;_`-`ZQ_\``2W_`/C=7J*`*/\`9FF_]`ZQ_P#`2W_^

MV9IO_0.L?_`2W_\`C=']F:;_`-`ZQ_\``2W_`/C=7J*`*/\`9FF_]`ZQ_P#`



MC:?^D\=7J`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBLG78==N-*O(?#.I:3I&N.B#3]1UW1;S
A?`2X\7Z_P/K33O#H\-:+X]7P









M1VDND:YIB)J:Q2Z';QMK$NJW-P;*[M4\*^)FATZX2RM?MO(:1^TK\--;^*-Q

:MKO


M$M/^'VG_`!+USPMXO\

N@6_@V?Q5??#?PTWC&XU^PN]32/3;G6?B%9Z




MXP6UK\





M7[W1A.M&.\Z%.I7@I4(2J*^27M:E%)N=/$2PS2UYIK$SPD90ZRI3Q%.5*-2R
MBJB=.IR55*$??J*\B\:?&GPGX$C\5RZU;:LR^$?#/@SQ1?O#_8MK;7%IX\\1



4W)I)35-MZ+G=VXWV;A&+G4M?V5.

;RNE[[7Q39?\$]?V
M6(_C!X(^/&O^&OBC\2_B7\



M;X:U;P[J%Y:Z;?V4NH:[XB^(^E?#N2SO=/UO1+VSGL/'%ZURFK6MK#&^H)=V
)/%E[\3)_%=MX=T+1]1^'

MOVE/AKX8^)MG\*]2O&&OW&I^'M#NYQK?@BV73-;\5+:MH.F2^'-2\6V'C_5S


MN

:KC*-:#W4:U)\U*:YHRI\

\:ZEU^K?&
M31-(\77/AF7P[XKN=-TS7?#7A7Q!XXM+;0V\(^'/%/C!-/?PYX?U-9]?M_%4

8OY+&8^\J7+JZW+[)?:FI^R]F[;I59
M5J

'QX


:EXL\$




MG+JKR]E&G.I9+5J*JTKNUG*K3@KSJ0B^G^+WPD^'WQY^&7C;X.?%?0&\5?#;


M97FXTH8VI1@[SY/;SIQY93;I4Y3JPI-+VL*JH1C+XJ4\3.E3G&VLH*=2G1IU

]]9S:Y+;:E






'])^(U_P-=!74](LY



7+W4W%TU)MRLE&+




M-4\+:C'K<^G^*?%D*:-<P7WAZ'7O$%]#IM
MWK.#J/Q[TW7;+0/&?AS7-8M/`&H?!KX[^




MTX^UA%QYWRD*2E357:#A3FFVO@JRJ1IR6K3C)T:]I1O%QH5II\E*I*/T!17@




;W2[G5]3TG0CXH\1VNE6=

MI:3K7WKIQE&=&FH23YYRQ$JD*7LTD^?

?:PN^L;-.
HUIN?

M6]9HKY1L/VAG\)?#2'QQ\1=&U;?J/Q(^*/AH6E]XE^WA&[T'P]X[\5Z=HF



%R6ES.2C:3A.E3DHOF:J5J


_$7QB\$:YK?QACM/AA



M4:\H\BQ&+6$IPJRA1DI2Q4



CQ%^V?^


PM+%T4UR7I.5&KS0^L*C]8C5
M;?6



VBR?V5Y


:T9*THU(J46
MFD?'Z?!:_M?%EUXFTG7_`(CZ)9:K?Z=J_B+P?IB:.OAGQ)K.EZ59Z+;:IJ4U


T$/CFUTV2:*37M'

M]GZ;^SK_`&9XET?7(]?^)
^D^'O&7B?QYH7@B:U\

\0^+[;Q3!KLXEL





MX-USP/&FNLFE1Q722:1K][/
+'3VH1VTJ%+9);2;F;;]G$P^&K_P`'7/B;
MXK:EX8_L_3-.\):1=3Z1;Q_#N+0=3L]8\-W/A2\TKPGINIW^H^'-0TO1I=(U




MNKJ.;7O?@S97?PYT_P&,-AXFTW0M&TOP[IVAWUCYYUS1IO
VG7?AG5K*]O

7'BOXJ7GBK4/
M'.G_`!%@^($L'A2W\4Z1XGT[POI_@N*?3;/3_`EEX+:QG\+6
FBWFEZEX0U&
MPNK74M1:2`SR6\UMI:O\`/\`A(]*73_$NK_$37[QO`GQ&^']WKVH1Z/%J]_I
M^)9_AX(M


14=:M%IZ-3
MJOVEW=QFHR@XN$6H22CRI)+]S9=GAZ2H46GNG3H)T$TT_8RG2=X5)QE\;W'P



M([A;G[-^UVG_`#\V_P#W^C_^*H^UVG_/S;_]_H__`(JG/]Y[3G][VM256I?7
I/#5)3C.-I0E[3!86I%P<7I0ISARS5Q:6BFE*
8PA&
M
DI1Y:;KN$7&5XR4?K.(7O)W5:I%WC)H^*]!_9^&C:C;:U?:O\1/%&N1?$'_






]_X:UXN8)4E66*^C%X:EE^S5:Z)H/@W2?6K_$+


MKCQ2-5\':UI'B#2M8FEUCP]JN@W5_-JNBVESJW6@3V-UYEQ&+**.15CX^3]
MG61[U9/$OQ+B\8V_C.;QZ_Q(^P^#Y_%MUXCG\


M7-E?Q:E9:=?6?6S?!744\8W?B[1/$?Q*\



M_-O_`-_H_P#XJC[7:?\`/S;_`/?Z/_XJFFTTU96DY:)6?-R)QDK6G3_=4[4I
M)TH^SARP7*K#UYKMOF]I=MN_-5G[2K-.]XU*L[2J58M5)M+FDU%)?%%K^SV;




M?G@OQE'HT%_9:+)IG@?3KV[O+WT#3(-+U/Q-=^(;Y(82E_/J&[(]DF^'
D




K7]




M='GL;[PSILVG:EIWB+2M?M;J/5]5/EIOLA8_97VNT_Y^;?\`[_1__%4?:[3_
$;SP#K'BO
M4O'7AY/$FFW?C3Q)XGT;PIJ^HZ%XHN;;4M4L-0B@^`_Q(\*W]M+J.FZ0;6ST


DE]KR1WGA/4?#7B%+/7]1MVUM\6;VG
MWW]KM?\`GYM_^_T?_P`51]KM/^?FW_[_`$?_`
51%\CDXV7-5C5M9*



M4G#Y0N?@]:7EE\3M/NM.\0W-G\69;B3Q/!+`VR);KP9HW@6:#2S%8Q26\+Z/
MH=K

MOP[M/#FI6_B;2-6N?#_GZEJME\1?ASXFM[+4-87PGHNJW=C8VI.CZA-?Z?;Z


6WN_'$OC5[


M4K#^Q+*WT%--TFPTC3[0/!+I-VHA\K[2^UVG_/S;_P#?Z/\`^*H^UVG_`#\V


M:XDN8)+7
T3X+:EX=\2WNLZ1XD^)-IX?O];UOQ+/\/!%H4O@T:[XCCNGUF^C
MFE\)/XT6*]U2^O?$#:2?&+:%%KEU)=P:7%$L-M%]@_:[3_GYM_\`O]'_`/%4





FFZ#92:A=+

M-O\`]_H__BJ/M=I_S\V__?Z/_P*H3:E&2LG&@L-%))15
:48TN1+DY8JA1
MY%R^XZ4)1:E%


M6-

M]IDEQ:P^(-#U_0KJ.\TC5-4TF\M=6T34K66RUX*PQW2V]S!]2?:[3_GYM_^
M_P!'_P#%4?:[3_GYM_\`O]'_`/%5-M$E=)5577*W&U:/LDJMXM/VB5BN?XN
M6E3BW:$4G?5MV=Z4J+NDTZ


MM/;3^'M%T+4;&*WC@MKY(]X=J_L[26VJ_`ZTM=-U?PM\%=NK*PNM2?49O$

M7:?\_-O_`-_H_P#XJC[7:?\`/S;_`/?Z/_XJJBW%IQLN6I&K%)**C4I^VE2E






M$DCD&Z-TD7.-R


MC_Q3IOA6U;Q9\0--M]6^#OB;X3^/H=)^(_C*SC\:*;K2Y=([;Q?^SUJ'B2?X







M**`BBB@`K.T?_D$Z7_V#K+_`-)HJT:SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_P#2:*@#1HHHH`**
M**`,[6/^03JG_8.O?_2:6M&L[6/^03JG_8.O?_2:6M&@`HHHH`****`LZR_

MT:SK+_CYUC_L(Q?^FG2ZT:`BBB@`HHHH`SM4_X]HO\`L(Z/_PG:RK1K.U3

MM4_]*='H`T:***`BBB@`HHHH`SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_])HJT:SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_
M])HJT:`BBB@`HHHH`X'4?\`D*ZG_P!?%O\`^FZQJK5K4?\`D*ZG_P!?%O\`
M^FZQJK0`4444`%?'?B?_`)&7Q#_V'-6_]+[BOL2OCOQ/_P`C+XA_[#FK?^E]


M`%HK_@E)7Z1T`%%%%`!1110`5G:/_P`@G2_^P=9?^DT5:-9VC_\`()TO_L'6



M;L)+^'DW%=3_`+M?.J&GIB\)AVM=+-)O=)Q]X7_$N^?T_P#??$KP`P+V:_XC


MVK]&?(:


?6IX3`SK/`^$&49#3RF


E_!&]Y&8


MSQ
;JZNHMZ-/9J^D^'O#FK353*OI(?1]S*



M




MS#+LPRG&8C+LUP&
RS

)4=+%8#

+7P6




%$OVQ/VFM1MM/F_8_\

MBCQ3KWPU^#/[2OQ8^%7POU+Q%XR\27]]KGCK6G^'O@_PW#JGCS7M5U7Q!XUO

M94*4I/$5:
G-0K2<I






MAD\IHVCD




7T@




M\2_%EP9%LO#_`




M_#O1%A=&\^&/!?A'2E`*@&GZ!+I]H`B@*H$/R@`#`%.'WB7F
G6Q''.-
MR134;0Y
ES:K&*;;C]5P.09%A
--W:UQN:N-DY8FNK0CG5X!^CYP[!QQWBU]



!ME38R@3AWK]N?MMS_T!]1_

GB
MM;WI++




M1A[O\)_V?VH/@D+1_AW_P`$^_\`@E18WM@$^Q:WXCU7XO\`Q`\2VK)@+)!X
MI^(47BGQ'%,=HW3IJ@FD.2\C$G/]GVVY_Z`^H_]_=)_^6E'VVY_Z`^H_P#?

WXCJ8R]_KN+Q668['+6^F-QN48C%)72=E62ND[7
M2/K







M=I%:EY+@);HES.DGU3X._9D_9O\`AX(AX^`'P5\&-`(Y?_P`+O!&A3YE
M[W&FZ';3R2NK-YDTDCRREW:1W9V)]?^VW/_`$!]1_[^Z3_\M*/MMS_T!]1_
M[^Z3_P#+2O4P'O#&5-/+.'


M`!P``.``.@K/E_YUE_V#M4_]*='H^VW/_0'U'_O[I/_`,M*H27EP=4LV_LJ
M_#PU)1&9-
WL&N-*)=2-2
86
JJN&=7)D38CJ)#'[Q]
=!16=]MN?\`H#ZC
M_P!_=)_^6E'VVY_Z`^H_]_=)_P#EI0!/?6%CJ=K+9:E9VFH64^SSK2^MX;NU
MF\N1)H_-MYTDBD\N6..5-Z'9(B.N&52/+]:^`7P*\2F1O$7P5^$NOM+.+J4Z
MU\./!VJF6Y561;B0WVC3EYU1W03-F0*S*&PQ!])^VW/_`$!]1_[^Z3_\M*/M

+BE;$X;#XA6M:O1IUE;72U2


LTSS


MOV79'\S7[0'_``0[MOAKX@M?CI^Q[9:YXIL8+1-1U7X*)\3?$7PR^)^D1316



M&MD:
R:MX1TN:W-E=6M]K-OI5]+#IL7]$6E7EPNEZ:JZ5?R*MA9J)$DTP)(!



LKJ0Q&65Y62A@L
M90S7(YI1H0R[`QG/$Q_3
A\7?&WPRR7!9%P;Q-D_&OAWD^'6&PG@SXS9'D'B

M`/!1/X)9C_:6_P=NI?$[0;3/VSXD?L4^/=/^)2W@BWF8Z5\%_%$MI\1`NQ


OP?TKQ#

OXS^$+./XG^+/@


M8K:]



H7<?[
MN!9O#?BB^\




S@
M

21^#'_`
B4?\-S_M\?](D?BU_X
MDC\&/_D2O@/]=

M9^LU%?DS_P`-S_M\?](D?BU_XDC\&/\`Y$H_X;G_`&^/^D2/Q:_\21^#'_R)
M1_KID?\`S[X@_P#$/XN\O^I'YH/^)9O%'_H
\(/_`!HWZ.__`--
_575/^/:



MT4ZLJ:IJ4E'GYFD?K/17Y
_\/
*'4+59`P@O8HHX[F,+*J*'AI_X*R6L*B;4?^<?_!5K2K*,
M![W4K_\`8]DCL-.MQ@SWEY+'\0995M+6/=-.\<$DHB1BD+OA_\`7?AE?'CZ
MU+_K_EF;8?R?\;`T_ANN;^2ZYK7%_P`2N^.$O]WX1R_'[+_A+XX\/\VWMR?\





M65O%N=5)J4J
4ZL82C.4%2;_7&LZR_X^=8_[

MB#1=6UNUUWXEZ?!I
`N##XE^$?CKPB^H18)=]/O/%.DZ/H[I%\OF276IVD0#

M_P`_^O_`!9_AG_]%Q]J45\5_P##1/[27_1DWC;_`,.KX_^
T?\-$_M)?\`
M1DWC;_PZO@+_`.
T?\0]XC_Y^\+?^)[P)_\`1('_`!KBW_G_P`%?^+/\,__
M`*+C[4K.E_YUE_V#M4_]*='KX\_X:)_:2_Z
F\;?^'5\!?_`!FLZ7]HC]I+
M^U;(_P##%'C3/V#4QL/Q4\#[RIN-*)=2+1HL(P16626.1O
#1)(J2E&O#SB1


MHR;QM_X=7P%_\9H_X:)_:2_Z
F\;?^'5\!?_`!FC_B'O$?\`S]X6_P#$]X$_



F\;?^'5\!?\`
MQFC_`(A[Q'_S]X6_\3W@3_Z)!?\`$*N+?^?_``5_XL_PS_\`HN/M2BOBO_AH

U[+&Y
M=B
5@JZ2DDY4
14C&7-34XRBOA\SRW$Y1C\3EN,E@Y8G35.M+`9CE^;81R

2BBBN
X`KX[\3_\`(R^(?^PY




MW'/J]%3*$)TG0G&

M=.HI252BHQI5$WSTHPG4J05.5^:A4JU:D5%I1G5J25I3DWX';_LI?LN6OP4
MN/V:K7]FWX!6W[.=VSM=?`&W^#OP\A^ERTGB!/%DC7'PKC\.KX%F:3Q5%'X


6E)I



?\/EOV
M6?\`HG?[6?\`XC-\1/\`Y%H_X?+?LL_]$[_:S_\`$9OB)_\`(M?K/17%_9O&



M4?L8?\%!?CZ4N/VL/^@&K?#+P[=J#?_``C_`&'/#*_^PMQ*I^TVUO\:/$\
M-Y\0]0M)5*VTMKJFD7

M16^&X/RA6ABJ^EFN.IOFAC\\Q&(SK&4YZ7EAZN9U
2L'LDH8*.'IQ7NPA&




M@L7C\3/X




N':32E[7BW




M4'PA\3:EIPN59HW^T:IXDB\-6\-G!*CYU-;BVBA5[F-IX5W'VGP!^Q=^RE
M\


M8;:&*WMX8H(((TBA@AC2*&&*-0J1Q1(%2.-%`5$10JJ```!BCZWX:9?_`+OD

OSZ_X7=^WQ\0
M







^)LPS;-L3@9U*V

8PJU
+7I^WIKV-=5:+E3?IXOPRX!
MQ6C@:7F297&E5AB




6_/_`+0XNX

'%\5951C9*6?9#@:


M^QA\3=6_9S\6WLS7NJ^`767Q-\O&%Q\N8=:\W[7*Z#+.J_9H]5T(2_V/:L
MXT?1[:5O
'#^!_\`@K[^PAK=EXAN_%GQ8O/A'X@TJ]M(_$/@3XI^$/%'ASQK
MX?U;[';Z?J.@WNC6NEZI]KU71=0L+FSU:+29]0AM)51C.R/N$TO_``6*_8/O
M));?P5\0?'WQ/O(I;BW:T^'OP/\`C%K






2L4L6O6JWFI^$)[LE7BTC






%%_A9JOACPC\8OV0O@G\!]6U^.&UB^(7Q(
M^(WBG6_A/=ZK=!'AACU[X;VGBO2]



R]H\JS2?!V


M\-.(
)D\:KH5
_XDSS@;

MP@XHP.0PKRPU3BCB[B3PWX2X9IUZ:A.M0_M?

Q:G3



M$\+2ECNF+2Z&[K
Y9&1
M4A2/Z^6%R;*




Z^`5U^/Q1=V\4!%XEY'=LB0&-[FT19$5_#
M-?\`C-^R7XF8S?M3?\%-_A]\1[262(7'P[^$/Q$\.Z!\-]LRO*EA?P?#ZZUC
'O^:'[`OA@PG3?V3O@S<F#[)L_P$


















M+:WGA@(5;J2`S6XF_6&LZ7_D+67_`&#M4_\`2G1Z'E7'73C')EJO^:.J;)IM

W_
M`$('[4O_`(CEX^_^1J/^'NW[
W_0@?M2_P#B.7C[_P1J_4NBC^RN.?^BPR7
M_P`0ZI_]$WK_`$M7_8OB/_T7G#__`(@57_Z,#\M/^'NW[,W_`$('[4O_`(CE
MX^_^1J/^'NW[,W_0@?M2_P#B.7C[_P1J_4NBC^RN.?^BPR7_P`0ZI_]$WK_



MXVN`

M^)23X]X?;22;_U!JJ[MJ[+CROO9:(_+3_A[M^S-_T('[4O_B.7C[_Y&H_X


MB.7C[_Y&K]2Z*/[*XY_Z+#)?_$.J?_1-Z_TM3^Q?$?\`Z+SA_P#\0*K_`/1@

7Q'^'_B'P#?7%U_8NFW/F:=



M`T:***`BBB@#.UC_D$ZI_V#KW_TFEK1K.UC_D$ZI_V#KW_TFEK1H`****`


URS)
OQF;9SF&#RO*\OH3Q..S#

3

M2\DDDCD(D:(SNQJH+
0`37Y_ZE_P`%#/@ZOBKQ;X5^%/@OXT?M%:UI&LQV


N_:YW6Q
M4:NH?E]#/././JBQ'4:?`W!\4Y8?B3B3(ZN-XEXF4E:G7R/AG%XG`1R')[


8DBU/QM+X
MAU&.?`VFY2Z%P59U

O=8US4+;3

LK8C@A5FFGE*Q0QR2


M`X/$X'/


\4:0R



P-?$86JFG3K233BBBO
M)/
[1_^03I?_8.LO_2:*M&L[1_^03I?_8.LO_2:*M&@`HHHH`****`/B+X8

M-H7B^U#1K6?^TB6T^:RLK:32[-GTS3FMM-EEM7^VHXTB1(HD2.*-%CCCC4(
MD:(`J(B*`JHJ@*JJ`%````%4;+_CYUC_`+





;F-7!\$4
MZ\*.;Y7B*.&Q^!XMQT81J4\@PV3YE1Q.68W'SHM3KYC7PM6/#^#G]?=2.)G@


(CP#F^!PT<!EF5XFI4Q/`3PM-\U
M+#X*O2HO
.&




1B
+4::




A:R_[!VJ?^





M`(7-X8^
OANYNXM7^
W@'Q#\&O!GQ)^#'C[PKH5SI6D/\-=;NU^*GA[5-:TG

2Z5*=?#34\70P^$A:=?
M'+VL


M\5?BEXP^#'PRUGX+?!/X[_'37/B!\1?`5Y\2++Q9I'@WP%\'/AGXY^(/B/3-

MX2TWXA:1H6L2ZA#:6'Q2^$?Q7^!OC6%]-O[C3K@ZI\-?C7X+^'WQ&T.*2XM9


M=


)O^4IO[(7_`&8!_P`%)/\`UHK_`()25^D=?FEXI2^/
M_!4O]D(17%JDG_#`7_!2

*%8%&+AD_

5JW_/

MS'(%)!*




M)PV2X38SB3B_,J,JV4\(Y+[&IFF)HJ?LGF&85:U2G@\BR*C5]S$YYF]?X&






M
$E/




W'W7D?5)DMM2\5

IPVMK`F3MB@B2-<GC-?0_\


M=:1#=J9#]G6UM;V=O!:6D$-K:VL
=O;6UM$D%O;P0H(XH((8E6.*&*-52..-
M51$4*JA0!53RM6_Y_=._\%=S_P#+BCRM6_Y_=._\%=S_`/+BOG
[XDSGB&I1
MEFF

N*H21ZG_:E

M]T[_`








PGCL^X(Q-5_9P^94X8KB?AV$G:%*CF
98/_`&+%.7U'-<'6H9ADV8QCJY9?F^!J
M5\OQEE9SA1Q$JM&ZC7ITIWBOF^).^(^%'0J9O@/^$_&N7]FYYE^(P^:\/9M
M%VYY5GN75
M_P7%`!9?\?.L?\`81B_]-.EUHUS]G'J9N-5VWE@&%_&)VFW#!G_LO32&0#
M55
:B



M;6!);J\NI8;6UAFN)HHG^(O!O@_QG^V!XHT7XO\`Q5L&\/\`P
\*ZD-4^#'P


M4


*




6#+]OTH`)IMPA#G5+
M,1L2=5D!59K.FT&1`R*\;
)%O\`E:M_S^Z=_PNY_^7%?/'RIP?Q7^#/PN

M&6C$_ELRM\1GX5_M9_LDD7?P%\27?[3OP/L27F^!GQ1UJ.V^*GA33%8N]M\-

KZI;VT;++


<ZU36]2M(TCM3[7^KO#?%7[S@W'_V3FT]9<'\2XW#TYUJCWAP[Q)4C
MA



6`87\8D+:;<
&?\`
MLO32&0#55
:B



R-M=
6=WHLMS:W=K<QM







/B*;]VKAZ\*=:E*\
M:E.
DT?A/&G`?&7AWG
^'^-^&\UX9S94*6+I87-
+*C#&X#$)RPN9Y7BX\^#
MS;*


D_^D%O6Y6'X8_Y%KP]_P!@/2?_`$@M
MZW*`BBB@`HHHH`^)/$W_*4W]D+_`+
`_PDG_K17_!*2OTCK\W/$W_`E-
M_9_[










R#



L+N











M?`!=%N;266
31$A9X'99H)

%G67UZ

/?EQ.'HU$X+YOB+@GB/AFE0QF88*%
M?)\9-PR_B'*L3A\WX=S&27

M0O+--(WH

*?$EJ?*FA\!Z?=1@Z3I%QD:G-SW<1=IX['


ZSO%U
FX.R.5)YYG
24*D

:F&RW!XK$0D\-:!K_[:?BK3?B/X_P!-O=%_
M9A\

@@@M8(;:VABM[:WBC


MT=GQ0_\`O@O_P@@_/C_A8W_!27_HW#]GS_`
._JG_R%1_PL;_@I+_T;A^S
MY_X=_5/_`)K]!Z*/]=\N_Z-UP#_`.$W%/E_U5?E^+[A_P`0XS;_`*.SXH?^
M%?!?_P!!!^?'_QO^DO_1N'[/G_`(=_5/\`YK+G^(W_!2?^V=.V_LX_L^[



Q^&/CQ^Q'^R_XS%BC'

RPL5.4Z5*E64*L/W


P+JX.K^&'[.W_!3S]HK]IK7-6\#^`?A
M5\`]!^+/AR:6U\4?!/XG?$+Q7\


M=:`NL6.GEXX[VZMYG6.OLC_A8W_!27_HW#]GS_P[^J?_`%7IW[3W[#7[-G[
M7%G9R_%SP'&/&NAJC>$/BWX-O)O!WQ
MK#5M`%VB3W&CSNHKXG^T?\%)?V#SMNXM0_X*3?LRZ6O%W:QVGA_]LOP!HDX
MS6P=M(^.(LHV4&5&N/&_B*[#S3/X?T^
1I
/$S&9#&-/B'POX#S;`TXQB^(
MLDRWBR=2





TFDU&I3XLE%N+3C.-^:
N:
DI72_#N*/`



TG1O%L_AO1Y?$.E:%J
^K:18:J]



C/H.BOGS_`(:V_94_Z.:_9\_\//\`
M#C_YI*/^&MOV5/\`HYK]GS_P\_PX_P#FDKI_U4XI_PB:S__`

^8_\`S

M^O'!?_17\+_^'_*?_FL^@Z*^?/\`AK;]E3_HYK]GS_P\_P`./_FDH_X:V_94
M_PCFOV?/_#S_#C_`.:2C_53BG_HFL__`/#/F/\`\S!_KQP7_P!%?PO_`.'_
M`G_`.:SZ#K.T?\`Y!.E_P#8.LO_`$FBKPJ3]KG]E**.25OVF?V?RL:/(PC^
M


M\:#3-


MSV7]JV5VC!/1R_P_XSS.51T.'
TP^'H*


ZD.7F
MHY5D.1K



&^
M!&@D(9M/\8^
Y\^+/&-N\96.[T^22*WMKJ$SZ7JXCD(;[4^%WP;^%GP4\/Q^
48;PXR2HM,ZXMHT<YXNQ%-_;R[A'`8O^RLH<XWE
MA\7Q#G6+Q=!N*QWBDIT5\6?\*__`&Y?VDV
OQ2\=Z=^R%\+[T'=\.O@[?V_
MB?XT:E82YS:^(/BE+&=)\



I/$0@E$^QX#\

^6M6_UMXTQ]'






=C+KVD^'XX^G560Y90:Y




M+PN$PO$F+@JF.QN.PBQ4

MC?[
;'U76;DSZOJ\JX4+-J=]=S!550^U5`](HHKX/&8W&9CB:V-S#%XG'8S$


QS#-L97S#-
=C
RQ^*FZN)Q
MV88FOC
9B:CWJ5\3B)U*U:;LKSJ3E)]PHHHKF.
*SK+_`(^=8_[,7_IITNM
M&LZR_P/G6/^PC%_Z:=+H`T:***`BBB@`K.E_YUE_V#M4_]*='K1K.E_Y
MUE_V#M4_]*='H`T:***`BBB@`HHHH`SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_P#2:*M&L[1_^03I

M$RO%-#*C
DD4B
CJ2K*02*^.?%'['6BZ3K5[XX_9T\::[^SQXZN6^T74'A1(
M[[X;^(9XV

M\IQU3#T\3%4\;@ZD*6+RW




!A
'A

M*

+.OB:E3


M
%@
#A2BBBOG#Y(****`
[5/^/:+_L(Z/_Z=K*M&L[5/^/:+_L(Z/_Z=K*M&
M@`HHHH`****`LZR_P/G6/^PC%_Z:=+K1K.LO\`CYUC_L(Q?^FG2Z`-&BBB
M@`HHHH`*SI?^0M9?]@[5/_2G1ZT:SI?^0M9?]@[5/_2G1Z`-&BBB@`HHHH`^
M(/VG?^?/[.7[4FHVGC7Q)H6L?#CXVZ(8Y_7[0OP;UB?X=_&;PO?V\?EV=W

\


VIK]OX6\=
_R_)
#P5Q[E&4^+?AU@(.A@.$^-WB
MZV


M\_\`!.3XCZ9HUMIO[4G@3PQJ1L=.@N]-^)5OXA^&$NFWK6T:S65[?^/-&T#1

MDPR:791O%X^\`^%?&

MS:;-#DA_*\Q(W3!?Z\X5*ZX5SI+=IYMPY.:5M5'EXG@I/73F46[+FBM5ZLE]
M%7/&W&?C[X:2J-N

/!7BW1E$TA
MC_=.TVLON2.W(V/$[2M/P$_X*_\`PW;/@#]NK]GSX_VMNS-9:7^T1^SJGP[S
%V<._GTDO#V-27\++?$+A7Q
X&S2KV


M\5



_%OQW\5^-]4\$?%WPS\-/_Q]^.G?LS_`+4FA^(_A1J_Q)U[
MQY\#])UGQY?Z?I_P@\3Z?\7/AQI_P9^(L&F?%_XMZ.?&_B/PG\9=#E_X2;0-
*=1^#&O?#/X9^-8\9
M?`KQ5\&_$WPCOT\1OXAT/XZ_!;QOX+^+NK:CK_C73?#/BJTE/B'1W\,S^'H]
M.LI+RQO[QIJ^74HT7*&-GB\7I5Q*A.M0P\L2UO.E0<<'7H4:'[S*\/2G2

M[I8VI*%7#4L!/(JF!HU:\





^SW`45A\#G6;8+#IN2H
M83

\0\5F7#V1YABI1498G'93@
M

D_LJ?\`1LO[/G_AF/AQ_P#
W1_P

R'AO\`

W1_P`
D_LJ?]&R_L^?^&8^''_S-U[E_9=M_P`]

Q_P#FD/\`4?@O
M_HD.%_\`PP93_P#





_SEEN74H3K3C4
MJU:M:IAA



MDL+QP'U74Y$)6WD(#QR7C1R*2/F1U9&&592I(-_^R[;_`)ZZC_X.-6_^3:^&




M#C5O_DVC^R[;_GKJ/_@XU;_Y-H`-'_Y!.E_]@ZR_])HJT:Y_2M-MY-+TUVDO




B2_)-_I2?/JNIR#$FJ6:
0KWC*&L2C@!XWR1LLBJPO_P!EVW_/

MT5G?V7;?\]=1_P#!QJW_`
FT?V7;?\]=1_\`!QJW_P`FT`:-9UE_Q\ZQ_P!A
M&+_TTZ71_9=M_P`]=1_\'&K?_)M4+/3;=KC509+\._C1=NJZFI(.EZ:^79;
MP-(VYR`\A9P@2,,(XT50#H**SO[+MO\`GKJ/_@XU;_Y-H_LNV_YZZC_X.-6_
M^3:`-&BL[^R[;_GKJ/\`X.-6_P#DVC^R[;_GKJ/_`(.-6_\`DV@#1K.E_P0
MM9?]@[5/_2G1Z/[+MO\`GKJ/_@XU;_Y-JA)IMN-4LT\R_P!K6&I.2=5U


MT5G?V7;?\]=1_P#!QJW_`
FT?V7;?\]=1_\`!QJW_P`FT`&C_P#()TO_`+!U
ME_Z315HUS^E:;;R:7IKM)?AGL+-R$U74XT!:WC)1QWBQQJ?E1%5%&%50H`

$P-+V&PN'P=!3G45'T*6'I*=23G4G[.
:2P^&PLLRSW-



/C]XOT2QDL[.3$V
M@_#?0IK6!9O'/CJ=5EBL[2TBD6?3--N%
NH2F22:&:RLM6]?(\CS#B'

M79=3INHX5*^(Q&(J1P^P&H1Y\5F&88JI:EA
#A*5ZF(Q%5J


#13K8
MO%UFHPBEJ5JE*E/6^/OQ\UGPKJVF_!SX

5YU/P!^`.D?!72-4O[_5+CQI

(H8@)I@]P[
)_@+
_^DTM:-9VL?\`()U3_L'7O_I-+6C0`4444`%%%%`!6=9?
M\?.L?]A&+_TTZ76C6=9?\?.L?]A&+_TTZ70!HT444`%%%%`!6=+_`,A:R_[!
MVJ?^E.CUHUG2_P#(6LO^P=JG_I3H]`&C1110`4444`%%%%`&=H__`"=+_[!
MUE_Z315HUG:/_P`@G2_^P=9?^DT5:-`!1110`4444`9UE_Q\ZQ_V$8O_`$TZ
M76C6=9?\?.L?]A&+_P!-.EUHT`%%%%`!16/KOB+P_P%]/EU;Q+KNC^'=*@_


M!TJ-/B?BG)
FQ6)7^QY?C


MS/I

M+C[!;_$O0%^(.N[YXXM-EN[N.;2M/T73K6Z9)[S26U%+R6:2`3BZAMW6O7-&






M_81B_P#33I=?)O\`PA?[;/\`T6KX/?\`AN;_`/\`DFLZR\%_ML_:M8_XO1\(

2[2JF-I+@EE:42JL@AB3\4
X3BO\`B#?BV^9V






NEI'Q
\.7*S


?OG)?\)I^VSIY_TSX*_!_Q(21)_8/Q'OM







P^/R_&T)W4:V%QF%J5

VP&
RS

+6C\5
M+$8;$0IUJ
U=-QJ0B[-.UF@HHHKT3BBBB@#@=1_YNI_P#7Q;_^FZQJK5K4
M?^0KJ?\`U\6__INL:JT`%%%%`!7QWXG_`.1E\0_]AS5O_2^XK[$KX[\3_P#(



FFRB)E
BZ?I-Q+]N
4]@FIVFH*(*H



Z
\'P_.MA_[)P6)IM2I9OQ'B
LPE6C+V^6TLWE


MHT`%%%%`!1110`5G67_'SK'_`&$8O_33I=:-9UE_Q\ZQ_P!A&+_TTZ70!HT4

O)(511D@98@9('4TI2C&+E)J
8IRE*32
MC&*5VVWHDEJV]$M6-)R:C%-R;222;;;=DDEJVWHDM6R6BO/]6^+7PKT'S!KO
MQ

M`+9\9_!$VS(;^RM2;7LXE$7R?V'#J/F?



M'_$7BCQA
C&


MN=0M+G2/V??VJ-?M$L;Z

M+2

XLVF^'LPCQ'!-;WGD



MI1YH/^(3^('_`$(/_
KDOE_U
O-'UCH__()TO_L'67_I-%6C7QAIW[4GBZXT




AV1C7?%'C;5?LS#`

8XPS`.Y!_P`1


&OZO;/XC\1&X8[

M%FV:T+.W/3X5\/\`&9UEF.@]9)5/$'*ZEE!.'-.7LJ_L;PWR?WLTXPS+BRLD






M8O\`TTZ76C6=9?\`'SK'_81B_P#33I=`&C1110`4444`%9TO_(6LO^P=JG_I




MPV98OB7P\S:IP!Q/C:TL7F7U+1QW/$V*:7-4XLX0=?8+'XBK9*KGF48G(
M^*&E#SV6'B\-/\`0LNX]J5L#ALCXTRV'&.0X6E'#X'ZUB)83B3(L.OAAP[Q


M^%FO7DSWNK_#S4XY]2^$'BV?@F.[\/(7D\
W
H'E+J.@*/LD`$&GV=AODG.C

\37IX3+^(88J6/\`#SB#

M]F4^+
!0I3Q.
R66'C@^-

ME
IK#1^M**165E#*0RL`RLI!5E(R..01P1R*6OUW?8_.-MS@=1_YNI_
M]?%O_PFZQJK5K4?^0KJ?_7Q;_\`INL:JT`%%%%`!7QWXG_Y&7Q#_P!AS5O_
M`$ON*^Q*^._$_P#R

?

'B;X5:1^Q%^Q9X=_;



(?AMJGA+7)+D)/?


MGB%4C7QT

O`/CS1_P!G3P-X

MALGPNM-.^


/6YZMIQP?+S*


%+#8FI0PV.A\
M?'/XS?#7X.?\%

LDXBRO)Z6)JTL1Q?5X\RKAO)L



,X1\3,7B\35G6
MQ&*Q/BOP[7Q&(K5).52M7K5?&=2K5J2;E.I4E*<I-N3;=SX]_X;Y_9


6CPU_])\^
-2_;S_90N-.OX(?B

R0[9`K0%)/
A17W2#%5_VE/C=?#_BG



,;\4N):5U@LOX&


$9O+!?[6\%7VO9\MB[_PW;+4?


'2Y6K*S5K6/F\?Q=Q9FO-_:G$_$.9



M;_YH_M2V_YY:C_X)]6_^0JT:*`,[^U+;_GEJ/\`X)]6_P#D*C^U+;_GEJ/_
M`()]6_\`D*M&B@#G]*U*WCTO34:._+)86:$II6IR(2MO&4DCLVCD4D?*Z
R
M


K%2;_P#:EM_SRU'_`,$^K?\`R%1H_P#R=+_`.P=9?\`I-%6C0!G?VI;
M?\\M1_\`!/JW_P`A4?VI;?\`/+4?_!/JW_R%6C10!G?VI;?\\M1_\$^K?_(5

.JV9
M:-MR$A)`KED@4QR(S7_`.U+;_GEJ/\`X)]6_P#D*BR_X^=8_PPC%_Z:=+K

FIAU6S+1MN0D)(%<H4DF.1&;H*SK+
M_CYUC_L(Q?\`IITN@`_M2V_YY:C_`.?5O\`YH_M2V_YY:C_P"?5O_`)K

E%=E:2
M
-T%9TO_`%K+_L':I_Z4Z/0`?VI;?\`/+4?_!/JW_R%1_:EM_SRU'_P3ZM_
M\A5HT4`9W]J6W_/+4?\`P3ZM_P#(5']J6W_/+4?_``3ZM_\`(5:-%`&=_:EM
M_P`\M1_\$^K?_(5']J6W_/+4?_!/JW_R%6C10!S^E:E;QZ7IJ-'?EDL+-4T

*0!AW5%<V-P6#S+8G
M`9CA,-C\#C*-3#8O!8VA2Q6$Q6'JQ<*M#$X:OI1KT:L&XU*56$H3BW&46FT
M;X7%8K`XFAC









M55.-.&L#Q#7X;XDX1Q&*J8VAB.'^+




`_X*2?^M%?\$I*_2.NW

?FV8
MYG#!0Q^+JXJ&782C@

M\\****`L[1_^03I?_8.LO\`TFBK1K.T?_D$Z7_V#K+_`-)HJ`-&BBB@`HHH
MH`SM8_Y!.J?]@Z]_])I:T:SM8_Y!.J?]@Z]_])I:T:`BBB@`HHHH`*SK+_C
MYUC_`+,7_IITNM&LZR_X^=8_PPC%_Z:=+H`T:***`BBB@`K.E_P0M9?]

MK.LO^/G6/^PC%_Z:=+K1H`****`BBB@#.U3_CVB_PPCH__`*=K*M&L[5/^
M/:+_`+.C_\`IVLJT:`BBB@`HHHH`*SK+_CYUC_`+,7_IITNM&LZR_X^=8
M_PPC%_Z:=+H`T:***`BBB@`K.E_P0M9?]@[5/_2G1ZT:SI?\`D+67_8.U


M%%`'Q)XF_P4IO[(7_9@'_!23_UHK_@E)7Z1U^;GB;_E*;^R%_V8!_P4D_\`
M6BO^4E?I'0`4444`%%%%`!6=H__`=+_[!UE_Z315HUG:/_P`@G2_^P=9?
M^DT5`&C1110`4444`9VL?\@G5/\`L'7O_I-+6C6=K'_()U3_`+!U[_Z32UHT
M`%%%%`!1110`5G67_'SK'_81B_\`33I=:-9UE_Q\ZQ_V$8O_`$TZ70!HT444

D_P#I!;UN




M*==WC*A2J95#'X2A*C)8;&YIGU7GJO-%]6_F
^&NF_LWZ+^S[8Z3XGU7]E7Q

M:_`C0_VOA\*O#?C#P_'\5_C+X-U3]J'2O$OB[Q!\0H_$GB/Q'X$\#_L9_P`$






M7/IUYL?\+E_X*@_]&9?L$_\`BRG]H7_Z5'7HS_M$6UK^U%IG[


_A/X5T#5$.HS:#K^KQV(:;Z
KE2;I4:]G[+$1K3HR::YXT
7B
#6:


%0?^C
MOV?_%E/[0O_`-*CK[2HH`^+?^%R_P#!4'_HS+]@G_Q93^T+_P#2HZJ:?\8/
M^H$-A8PK^QI^P4ZQ6=M&KG_`(*3_MH70HH8H/^4KAP&2H=PI.-S8R?:


5*$H0IU))\E6I4IP:][W
MZ4(SGS*-W3BHSC:=11A*3Y(2E.\3P_\`X7+_`
%0?^C

MXQM-2^%WQ'\5?#'7I=3T72];\006$%[KGA'4+[289]174_[(N;%M8T[1]5:\
MTFRJ
)RA*I&



R_8)_\`%E/[0O\`]*CK

M4_M_P#TJ.OM*B@#XM_X7+_P5!_Z,R_8)_\`%E/[0O\`]*CJI;?&#_@J`DVH
M,/V-/VF
UXDC`_\%)_VA5$6%C#M!_X=2MO!6)7W$(07*;2$#O]NU\Q_+]
MJSX=_&7XS_'3X(^&-#\;:9XA^!=WHT.H^)/$.E:+9^_B-!?ZCXC\,ZYJ7PP
MU?3?$.JW^O6O@+QOX/\`$7P^\=QZ[I'AK4M\5:9'!'87NCZCH^L:@HM3J^P
5

R_8)_\`%E/[
M0O\`]*CH_P%R_\`!4'_`*,R_8)_\64_M__`$J.OM*BF(^+?^%R_P#!4'_H
MS+]@G_Q93^T+_P#2HZ/^%R_\%0?^C
OV?\`Q93^T+_]*CK[2HH`^+?^%R_\
M%0?^C,OV?\`Q93^T+_]*CJH_P`8/^H!O[:;_AC3]@H,EG?1A/^'D_[0I#


M)Q4H27E*+37DSXM_X7+_`
%0?^C
OV?_%E/[0O_`-*CH_X7+_P5!_Z,R_8)
M_P#%E/[0O_TJ.OM*BD6?%O\`PN7_`(*@_P#1F7[!/_BRG]H7_PE1T?\+E_X



8MM)U&+G*
5RIRDHIRE&$
M4V[+FG-QA&-WK*4E&*UDTDV?&VG_`!@_X*@0V%CO[&G[!3K%9VT:N?^D_[






M_P!*CH_X7+_P5!_Z

M`
64_M__2HZ/^%R_P#!4'_HS+]@G_Q93^T+_P#2HZ^TJ*`/B*V^,'_!4!)M
M08?L:?L%,9KQ)&!_X*3_`+0JA+QAV@_P##J5MX*Q*^XA"Y3:0@=[?_Y?

G&7LZL%.'-%VE3FD[5







M[0O_`-*CH_X7+_P5!_Z
R_8)_P#%E/[0O_TJ.OM*B@1\6_\`Y?^H/_`$9E
M^P3_`.+*?VA?_I4='_Y?^H/_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_`.E1U]I44`?%O_Y?^H
M/_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_`.E1U4MOC!_P5`2;4&'[&G[!3&:\21@?^D_[0JA+Q
MAV@_\.I6W@K$K[B$(+E-I!W^IOB7\1/7PA^'?CKXJ^/=1ETGP3\-_/B'Q


D)U'3@]W.49

M]H7_`.E1T?\`Y?^H/_`$9E^P3_`.+*?VA?_I4=?:5%`'Q;_P`+E_X*@_\`






R_8)_\64_M__`$J.OM%65E#*0RL`RLI!5E(R".".01
MP1R*6@E--)IIIJZ:U33V:?5,^+?^%R_\%0?^C,OV?\`Q93^T+_]*CH_X7+_
M`
%0?^C

M^''BOQ+XVU[2AKNK:/I-@][#X?OK:*[EM6DY2A%*[G.%-=E*I.
$YR^&G3BY
M)U*LW&E2IJ56K.%.$IQN%.I4]I[.$ZCI4

MC5J.



M/BW_`(7+_P`%0?\`HS+]@G_Q93^T+_\`2HZ/^%R_\%0?^C


MUQ#'X9^#_P`9/%OQT\)'0H=

:G6I5N9TIQFH^SNXNZM5HTL32DGM*-3#UZ-:G.+<
M9TZD)Q;C),****@TOCOQ/\`\C+XA_[#FK?^E]Q7V)7QWXG_`.1E\0_]AS5O


+ZC1




(SINFI

I5).A


MN)RV&+CA8UX2]VK0@\95JNC-.+K0H55:=&#5/3[=[33[&UD*M);6=M;R
A)0



\.

MYJ27NRY:DZ=1Q:T:C5A4IR:TC.$H.THM+SJ&'CAL/2HTXR5'#4:-.+E=\M*+






M%FN%TW3-0OFC%K97

7=]$G)]DHIN3?9))M








MOA[4-7\
:SH_B/3+/5X;.YO]!U73=7M8Y=/OK6XE+-[+9.3_`

M2E)4U6A6G&
I6J.E5H8BE%J3DJ2AB
-0JRGAE0K5U36'Q-6OA)2P\BBBB@84
M444`%?E1XU_98_:IN?!GQZ_9+\&VG[/$O[*O[27C7XW:[XG^
OB/XA?$S3_C
MK\./!7[3OC#Q-XY^.?@?0_@3IWPHUCP/\1?$5QJGC7Q[I_P]^)-]^T9\-K#P

M?M:3I8A4_;8:-987%XRAB-85Z]*--4:M2C*CC
/F.'JTIRA4P^882CC





HMII

M\?\`!/O]DWXI_LD:3^T9X7^)7C_P]\2-(\:_'C3O$/P:U_39?$
WBJV^!?@K
MX!_!#X(?#'0?BG-XAA9[[XFZ!H7PG32?$NOZ=JNM67BX6MGXOFNM/U77M2T'












?CIJ#^+_A/\3O#'


1E]7!5Z//5K1S&G/%*K54Y4

Y5'*K!T*^
C4E-QP^






<X.-



MG)5X1I9=A\#*DE56+POXD?LM?MI?M&:G^S;\6_C7\1?C_P`OC-X/_9#_;,\
M+Z+\2?B;\,?&_P`)_C5X,^*7[)/BCX*_#Q;\0/$E_\`&KP5^R]^RIX(\8V7






'Q-^VO=_&7P9^
MT/\`M\?'/X
_'WQK\%O$'[.__!

M;6QT^PMH+2TMXE5(8(DC4`**W*[\3B:%7

1C*-!4X3QV8XFC1IJ.'P\*-?
M



\




M22W:W\

ECE5Q&(Q&,K.&*=*GET*=*G.6'PU*GC:\X4XU,36A@\WP5=QCGR3HXU8_!
MXNK#$^VJ4

_

$Z_-XH\
3_`&J]M_[
UVX\


:RC2K4:=.4(PM25)R3AG3J4J=''


**UK7?CC\*?'_[



+0




M'=WX*\?^([#Q='K'QL\

M\/B*;0M2L/Q&;]ISXT_#]D[X:=\%OVM_AKX$^%_P`4_P!JO_@IUJ7B7]NK






MJG_!/G]J+X-Z'X7\56VL?$KQ-X3\*?$;X3:C\7O$MA\.;JTB_:-N[W2+W3/%

M6A0Q=7%X3VN&J;3Q5*6*EB/JE&





=!\(:II-Q]HTG5+
M&[_T2^G\GS_(G\JYBFACX+_AYS^P]_T6[_S&WQ=_^8&OO2BOML)C_#B&%PT



MT+2+C^WM:\


MRAA\OP$:2E&\/[/4ZU6I:*JR@JM?&O'5*\:_ZG_!_P#:5^&'[1&F_$:]^!M]










M5-XL_;1^*
/Q@T#QAI7AG3?ASK'P^\R_`JR\+?J.T^&?PFUOX;^!O#?@?P

52CB
MZ.(I97EV#QJPF.S_`!-

Y99C


MA+]H3XJ?%'PS\-;WPGX9\0^
?WQ:\`?$#3/#7PUU+XC^
=3\+^';?PA\-?


DR
M/!X]4


3&HL?3CB


)'XC_L7Q#XA_L[_A(?$.D^


ME-3*J.:Y96SW!9AF.24LPP53.
ORG



O[;7[
7[8O_``FW_#./Q-_X6+_PKK_A
M&_\`A
O^*

^I_%[P_;^.O#$GQLTN_\`AM'\
M(3X:\6?%*7P=\/\`]




1+
L^RWA#@G+
YHU\?4QN

M[R'3/VXO@!/KOBOP7_;_`
2O$?BCP'H7BW4=5U+PG^S%^TSJ'@[XAW_PW7[/
M\1-)^`7B73/ACXA\*?'_`





MV76N7LVC_'7]JS3/'T'C/XR?#KPS_P`)'J6@'0?`&@?L]_$3QOX+M-&\.?$'
MXN^)9U\2:QXH]$_9A_X)7O\`L_?$?PI\2&\8_LU^&!X8_:%U#XZI\-/V3OV-

M6$$L&IV7=AY.H\/+&1A2E/+\)B

KK'8&A:E:-.&#C0G0JJDZ
9
MU9.]3V?U9_*5O;TUB88:


M7PLU3P3XTU/]H.#QK\2/`O@AH_'TGQ6B^)NE^!]'T[PY\;/B'I7PSU/X8S?`
MK5;^X\/:!K'CN+XFVYU&S\.6'K?[77[+W[0/[0'Q%^7BOX:_'CX*^O`_P=



=E[S.%:6&J1R

L14RC'1RR@H/DE&66\0_V1F.(Q#E#^T
+6SS+L3+$9;@L




M8_\`P^0_X)O_`/1QG_F(?CO_`/.OH_X?(?\`!-__`*.
_P#


MTS7M'L]'^
/]FNFM?#X^)+#Q#X:\3ZSHZ^`=4LM`'BZ'QWX1^6?`7[?VA^)=







ZLVG+VL




E-U)4Z&(
MJ8:K+




M)XH_:2\#^

M:$^*GQ1\




ZKK/BKX46OP#U6VTSP%IEWJ\7QIN]7FATF/[O



X%P^#J


M5:-&.#ISH3KXCX]_X;Y_9
_Z*O\`^6+\2O\`YC:]A^$_Q\^$OQQ_M_\`X5=X


WXF?M


M7O$_PC_X2/XY?3XT?\`0?8_P#A5O@CXO\`@W_A&_[)^T?V[_PM:\^&5W_:




0W
M\#W?Q

M-C]LCQQ^TQ\
_`7B'XG?!?QI^S/\.O`GPL^'?CCXD?$37OC_`.#OB-\0KCQ)

M2WL7R9^S#_P2O?\`9^^(_A3XD-XQ_9K\
#PQ^T+J'QU3X:?LG?L;P_LI?!O9


L11E.




M2/LO]I?V;]EN/L?]H755[3P

MN(
/Q97PM:NZD*648_!X91PL:=#`X#/#JO3Q55UI0K894J
J
US


M'Q+L/NE?$+XC_OP=XN\;:;X&35X_!ECXHUG1[:ZUNU\+)K]W?:V-`AU!YT
MTHZM=SZBUF(6NW\\N!]&UXY^SU\)?^%#?`_X5_!G_A(/^$J_X5GX)T/P=_PD

ME.


8G'PPU.-Q.#\1^'L#A








/VB--^(U[\#;[7_%X^&_BGQ3X`U+5?$GP[^+/PV\


MQ8\/_#[X#ZY\?_BYK?P[O-$^




MM1S/`5
0X9U@\+*A5HXG`UUAX2QE'&*I1Q='$4LKR[!XU83'9_B:945:6!K^








M/#P\%^)_&_@VVU2Z\2^%M(6T\2W?CWOM-3P]XHC_M'7O.B^';ZX\
:O;:;
MK5Y


J
W&K&45].T5X=XA^/_`(


M#H]SID^J75R]E#G3?&W3]'O?$USXF\/_`!)\/:OI'@WX?ZL?AMJ=M\/-2O6U

7Q2L





UB_E\+2VUV(M+Z_PIXW^+BZCXY\$^((/AQXP\?^'_!G@CQY

_A-\5KBQ\/CQ/XY

DM6M+*YO5O[&QSC[R
%OBOIWP@U'4WB&

MU+Q!X

@H<SKTE.&TDFVK/ZNXM-24EBH5:E


M%ME\(?C#)IWQ*U/1])^'5LUC\.H]3\8W6L^$/$?C**2RLI/B0KZ-86=CX8O;

:SXQT'3O%%E?0_V9XIU'1+W0].\/76J:MJVI6&M77EVWA3Q4EA!J






M6

M=@\/OI%UK'A&]U6XN*:LDW**7L


MH4Y2


V?%G[3&NZ1X=U
Z5\)/'UIX




M6I1A4^NJ*\6\



LW5G?QNNJ06%C<:=?WTR:BFY-**HU<0Y73@J%&48SK.2;BJ3<
MZ?LZE^6LJM*5%U(U:;DHQE*7)&


M\

6AZ
UOJ
_2_$C]I

.
MGZ1'K

M4%*--T:D9-3BXBC[[487DW'#RM%-V6+]A]63M\

6ZD+

M#2+[X;_$#QKX4CU/Q1XA1M!L]

MQUK'QE'BG0M?\)CPQ\2-
T#0O?B;_A#)-:\/:3+\+?ASX@DMKN\\:[XHT.



M`*&'0_\`P;6'_P`D444`'_3^&O^AAT/_P`&UA_\D4?\)/X:_PAAT/_`
&U
MA_\`)%%%`!_PD_AK_H8=#_\`!M8?_)%'_3^&O\`H8=#_P#!M8?_`1110`?
M\)/X:_Z&'0__``;6'_R11_PD_AK_`*&'0_\`P;6'_P`D444`'_3^&O^AAT/
M_P`&UA_\D4?\)/X:_PAAT/_`
&UA_\`)%%%`!_PD_AK_H8=#_\`!M8?_)%'
M_3^&O\`H8=#_P#!M8?_`1110`?\)/X:_Z&'0__``;6'_R11_PD_AK_`*&'
M0_\`P;6'_P`D444`'_3^&O^AAT/_P`&UA_\D4?\)/X:_PAAT/_`
&UA_\`
M)%%%`!_PD_AK_H8=#_\`!M8?_)%'_3^&O\`H8=#_P#!M8?_`1110`?\)/X
M:_Z&'0__``;6'_R11_PD_AK_`*&'0_\`P;6'_P`D444`'_3^&O^AAT/_P`&
MUA_\D4?\)/X:_PAAT/_`


:QX



+M(O(;&PL;OPS=V3ZE!?E%.;<E:,I4[35
M2FZ<I*5&IE1HTIT92<I0G1I8?#PHRNW35&FXN\4Q0?*I1=IQJ2YZT9I<M:7
MUB.*DZJBHJ7M





MFV_



90G3DDX5*

/.-DDZ--35.&EF

M+1]
M+*'3?.@Z1NT[3TDMX-3GTJ;7)DNKE;[5;M)%5+FB?KX+^&_@_IOP3
MT'4M)T?PII-AI$-C?:1J?AS2-?BUW0KNPU73/&INM*M++3I/&4'B#3+'Q++J


VI^+O(;XH_#*S^

M..BBY2FTDHISG1IT)RLDES3I4J

M`^
7B;PG#K5]X;U3Q=X0T'


M;+:1K8V^IZW=P:=&\3SPV






2WE_

MJJM)N513KU.9ZWGB*%3#U92C\
G*E5FES)J$G&I#EJ0A.*E[\91EJI0HTWT?
ML\/BUC:44UJE'$IU'9^\I3A*\)RB];4_7@C6OGQ!\&ZS\2-9U?1OB/JVKW

M*XM^)O/@#^SDD/B2W\):?X)^&



:9X#^&6E^'/A!X7A\6B?3?@

=H
MDUE.44/WHRA)*490P].49).

&[B\.
M0+H_AZ'1^G/A;X8SP?%2SU'7+#5=-^

M
O?$&GI:R0W'@;P_\`#V[T




6.BR3.+?1
`]+T_0KK2-+B\+6^A6-J;.0HJG*4I2DY2YIRC*4[M3;A4/C3YK3C.:
MJI.U9U*DJRG*I-RF*45&

M^4]
\.Z+X)\.^(KGQ4OCB36=;OO`W@OP'?WFM^(=#NI+ZP\#WOBG4+#5[IK:



X?\)/X:_Z&'0__``;6
M'_R11_PD_AK_`*&'0_\`P;6'_P`D445(P_X2?PU_T,.A_P#@VL/_`)(H_P$
MG\-?]##H?_@VL/\`Y(HHH`/^$G\-?]##H?\`X-K#_P2*/\`A)_#7_0PZ'_X
M-K#_`.2***`#_A)_#7_0PZ'_`.#:P_\`DBC_`(2?PU_T,.A_^#:P_P#DBBB@
M`_X2?PU_T,.A_P#@VL/_`)(H_P$G\-?]##H?_@VL/\`Y(HHH`/^$G\-?]##
MH?\`X-K#_P2*/\`A)_#7_0PZ'_X-K#_`.2***`#_A)_#7_0PZ'_`.#:P_\`
MDBC_`(2?PU_T,.A_^#:P_P#DBBB@`_X2?PU_T,.A_P#@VL/_`)(H_P$G\-?
M]##H?_@VL/\`Y(HHH`/^$G\-?]##H?\`X-K#_P2*/\`A)_#7_0PZ'_X-K#_
M`.2***`#_A)_#7_0PZ'_`.#:P_\`DBC_`(2?PU_T,.A_^#:P_P#DBBB@`_X2
M?PU_T,.A_P#@VL/_`)(H_P$G\-?]##H?_@VL/\`Y(HHH`/^$G\-?]##H?\`
MX-K#_P2*^5/$4L4_B#79H9(YH9M9U.6*6)UDBEBDO9WCDCD0E'C=&1U)5E
)(9200:**`/_9
`
end








begin 644 tenders20142010.jpg
M_]C_X``02D9)1@`!`0$`8`!@``#_VP!#``$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!
M`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0'_
MVP!#`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!`0$!


M:7_R#=._Z\;3_P!)XZO4`4?[
TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;H_LS3?^@=8_P#@);__
M`!NKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_X6__`
;H_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QNKU%`%'^S--_Z
M!UC_`.`EO_\`&Z/[
TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QN
MC^S--_Z!UC_X6__`
;J]10!1_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNC^S--_Z!UC_`.`E
MO_\`&ZO44`4?[
TW_H'6/_@);_\`QNC^S--_Z!UC_P`EO\`_&ZO44`4?[,T
MW_H'6/\`X6__P`;H_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_P`EO\`
M_&Z/[,TW_H'6/_@);_\`QNKU%`%'^S--_P@=8_^`EO_`/&Z/[
TW_H'6/\`

M\L$LOD%W_P`%%/V&+'P)^U1\2[KXKV
7@G]BCQY??#+]IO6O^%7_`!1?_A6G

M#O\`P6Q_94_;@USX9?&KQE^STG[&'Q1^`7B;Q;\%/@;\6OV@;_P5X_@\6^(?


Q&
MQ$
IQF-HTXSQ.$R'B/'SI.$VH9GEO&6%R7*L'5I*4:L5CLAKRS14.:-?%Q]G

MXBH_V5'$PC/#86T\%BH5L:O:K^C?X&_\%`/V-/VB?B;I?P9^&WC#Q#:_%/Q!
M\




M^T37
&I26EC?SVO\H7Q
_P4/[?_P`-OB]^Q)XH^*_A/XD_&SP]^RG_`
%!

M`/&JZUXVTCPGJ7AW3?AI80:R\L.H0:GJ/UA^U7^P#^T=\1/^O7CS]EZP^$
M?Q0U?_@G=^V_\=/V<?VS?CY\1]+\ZO<_/0M3^!GPZ^(MMXW^%_B#Q4FD7'
M@:'4?BMXZTKP_J.LV6L:A:^(9I9/[P:9J?VJ&[?-Q]O3PTL'I/
LVS;!X&.

)E%')IXB
IU\HQ%?







M]F:;_P!`ZQ_\!+?_`.-U_.O_`

W
M_!2?]E3Q;XHNKGP9\

M5[2[U;X@:R9[_P`)WXTN^TCQ/X=F*--^WG[-G[
?P2_9$^%EA\%OV?/!]UX'



M0J]?FR?#8M1FL

5C_!O]I;]G+]H'QU\=OAK\(O%=CXM\;?L

\5Z#_`


M`\-_%W^RWN$_X6%\#]4_M;5O^$^^&&H^1OTKQ9Y&D_;$FMV^P1^9A?Q)_8#\



#.CBI^UA/%T=G

HR3+N/




7A\NH4Z


M%XAGU

MQ;%X%^*W@GQE\


M%?M1^+]4\3?&[X7_``O@^)D'P!@O]`\+6^C?$;Q=:Z]X3\7^`=-T;3]0MWF'

M\


M
MJU/[?O[






%?`
MGP`^!_PR_P%*_LROXK\%:WX8

]-\-IJ?C2YUJ73K3Q'YM




I
M2]FY598J67Y=FN91JT:5*$Z[R_&PP%#`X7&QIU&LSJXW#XC#T
/@L/C
RXL


5B5@ZE6FL3@\)0G
MAJ]3%8JO@\O_`*L/[


\

P
M-&W+&G*OA



M3U_:^)OC/Q;\#+_`..VB3^$?_A'QE\&_A/)+^T7\&/%&E(-!U+P!\//B)J


M[-\K=/F4:M+#87
Y83+:\J=3DKXQXO#PK8F=?!X:6&AA:-+
*TL)A\:J6%^^

MPCWAK3/BM\.?@CXN^&FI^*]3:WGBA\*V'BRX\1)/&UO/ID4P\NOI3X3_`!&\

M?V8XN(Q9ZU_PCO\`8^HLLZ:??W3VMRL/Y$_\'`_PC^*_QG_8T^%'A?X/?#'X

M(R?M

%#*

Z.$A/$8&E4Q
















ME\




MX8:CY&_2O%GD:3]L2:W;[!'YF%^A_PS--_Z!UC_`.`EO_\`&Z_@V_:]^%7C
MKX7^`_VEM5^-7PJ^*W@WP=\1O^#FKP!X_P#YUCX=?$73M1^)7PMU/3/'6/%







M)8:O0K8GP:-1U\/3K0=&
JD
)6O4JRCA:-*KE/#V;8F&)QBHRAA\70AG6-P6


-?UB$O%]D

TW_H'
M6/\`X6__P`;H_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_P`EO\`_&Z/
M[
TW_H'6/_@);_\`QNKU%`%'^S--_P@=8_^`EO_`/&Z/[,TW_H'6/\`X6_
M_P`;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_^`EO_P#&Z/[
TW_H'6/_`(6_P#\;J]10!1_LS3?
M^@=8_P#@);__`!NC^S--_P@=8_^`EO_`/&ZO44`4?[
TW_H'6/_`(6_P#\
M;H_LS3?^@=8_^`EO_P#&ZO44`4?[,TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;H_LS3?^@=8_P#@

@W3O\`KQM/



MV6^I7\ED(M0]!G^








G[!\M6
HI<JHQO
!]3\=ZEIVHK
MX7\





M=:E*SS:EG^T1X6N-(UO7[OPOXWTC1['P)XD^)?AN_P!2LO#IC^(7@GPJL+ZM




MM\

M+FPA^T/;2VL]VLL=U97$*74*7_QVT72O!GB/QAJWA7Q)HLO@[Q%;^&/%OAGQ

UOQ4
M?\;W




U.C


M!

M^CJ3_M%^%TT;0?$%IX4\=:GI&H^`-$^*'B.\L++PV5^'O@;7Q.UCK?B^&[\4

CS13:4;NR;:O4IT544KQJRJU:=.%&256<ZD(Q@W)
M)_0-%?-9^













BIT<)
M6C.IMAX8'$2Q#A1J*TZ$*&-S56E&$H)8G&UJ])7GB*L?H+1M(T_P`/Z1I6
M@Z1;_9-*T33;'2-

M

MFZ[9:!XS\.:YK%IX`U#X-?'?QAJXT*#P=J^OVNJ_#C5O`^F&?2;V:3Q!X7O]
M6T6]\26U@UMJVJ^#=:N9(;J2?6=*^Q75;RG.O4=2525:59RK3KSE*3FZFJ
/\-




.B-I=QJOAB[U*:?!\*?M8_;QC/XOCT
MB]N)8?7A37_`!PUQ;:IX+UV76?WAJ1$U74K/1OOBWQ!XET*:




MXK@?9)!JZW


L=





MM*6VU/5M'1[@VVHP7):7
Y*-I.$Z5.2B^9JI6HRKTX*U^=RI0J37)S)JG-IM

M++6/B+KOPXTKPYXAO;SPM%IA\4^((KSP5%H_AV;6M&&MZ3#?:9=^+H/&UPFH



M7

MM*

H_P#@%<__`!JC^Q]6_P@7J/_`(!7/_QJOG7]N#XJ
M?M9?`SPWK?QA^#7B3]F]/A]X'\
Z$]E\'_B1\

TIQA&G:/-.LYRB\/3A)RIJOB(TL-6J8?&QPU:N\!COJ_(?V/JW_0+U'_P
MN?\`XU1_8^K?]`O4?_`*Y_\`C5?!_@#]L']J;X@_L[_!8ZKH'P.^%/[5'QX_


M2Q2?2^UVG_/S;_\`?Z/_`.*KG

M!7/_`
:KV_[7:?\`/S;_`/?Z/_XJC[7:?\_-O_W^C_\`BJ`/D4_!2T;PQ-X4



9+^:
82IP@[[PIP




V





T[PEI%U/I%O'\.XM!







14=:M%IZ-3JOVEW=QFHR@XN$6H22CRI)+]S9=GAZ







_-O_W^C_\`BJ$VG!JR
M]G&$())**IPA3IPI\B7(Z484:25.473_`'5-\MX1:'JFFVVZ?LW)MN?)[2I6










MTTU96DY:)6?-R)QDK6G3_=4[4I)TH^SARP7*K#UYKMOF]I=MN_-5G[2K-.]X



M_P`(Q\1?&'Q-L/

M3(-+U/Q-=^(;Y(82E_/J&[(]DF^'






M+'Q%HB6ZGX:\2Z3X1TOP,DVAPZKX?U71Y[&^\,Z;-IVI:=XBTK7[6ZCU?53
MY:;[(6/V5]KM/^?FW_[_`$?_`,51]KM/^?FW_P_T?\`\55-MN4KM2E-U&XO


M&G6


==NX8M:\4ZF;2YN(_LSQ6\2V



M+`VR);KP9HW@6:#2S%8Q26\+Z/H=K


M6%\)Z+JMW8V-J3H^H37^GV^MZQ9A+N;[I^UVG_/S;_\`?Z/_`.*H^UVO_/S;
_T
MKXG7.D7.NWMPFF^%K#1X-2L/[$LK?04TW2;#2-/M`\$NDW:B'ROM+[7:?\_-
MO_W^C_\`BJ/M=I_S\V__`'^C_P#BJJ]MDDKMI))1A?#_`%1QIQ22IP^K6H<D
M%&'LX4X\MJ<.4C*4)PJ1;52#<HS;O-R=65=RE)WE.7MYU*W--R:JU:U1/FK5
M7/Y1N_@_:7GCGP]\0)=-\0+K?AS2)M(MH(HFFWR^3?VVG7^J0?8#<76H:%:

M_P`/!%H4O@T:[XCCNGUF^CFE\)/XT6*]U2^O?$#:2?&+:%%KEU)=P:7%$L-M

MK5HM/1J=5^TN[N

M.



6C:AH7A30+FV

^S?M






:48TN1+DY8JA1Y%R^XZ4)1:E%

MWO2E)R5^65[23227S+XH^&[^+W\.KK%EK[6/AWQ%I_BA-)@MC'IVK:GH_F3Z


MJ^'];M_$/A[Q+X;M+(:SHFK06=]IDEQ:P^(-#U_0KJ.\TC5-4TF\M=6T34K6


M9].B\5W=U



:K
MV_[7:?\`/S;_`/?Z/_XJC[7:?\_-O_W^C_\`BJ`/$/['U;_H%ZC_`.`5S_\`

CJ
J2
C(X]Z?0!X1_8^

MMWMM'U77[;5_3O$?[*GPK^([_%+3_CK;WO[2?@#XM6?PO@U[X




MO2=



+3DG*[A;#TJ-&2IN
:D*&'
M513^KT7JDG5FIU+2FJF(J*7+%-2Q6)Q.,K?E[GUO&8W$4Z?\.A5QV.G0C3




85_JV6X*%+$X_-<TQ2<J&4Y-EU#%YMFE:
MG!^UK4LOP6)G1HJ5:K&%*$IK]**_//_`(6U_P`%&/&!/_+_LH?#X3PS`_



0P
M\2_M0_`[X0K/O



)+['#7!U;$TIOLL1Q%G/#%2G%_\_'@JLDM?8MZ`
MN)/%;'_\BWPRR;*HO[?&'B!A\'6IK35X7A/A[C.E5FO^?:SC35OK$5[QZS





[

S\:\RS/


4_;



8

M:33`PRAE

C7O[-_P@A
6I_U4!C-O/EBB1?EI_5?VM;_A;X^R^^Z?_#N<<O7?_
W^H7$G)?XK<U2WP<
TB6Q\`_M`:1`4A@N=+N#'!::-X_&
MZ./5_\BVWVJ^D1=-MXI;NQLKIUN#LKS'+\7CN\_P`3Q'6RRG4Q6:9-CLD6
M1YY1RVG!3J9I@<%2S7.J&:8+6J/
UA

M9UE_Q\ZQ_P!A&+_TTZ70!HT444`%%%%`!6=+_P`A:R_[!VJ?^E.CUHUG2_\`
M(6LO^P=JG_I3H]`&C1110`4444`%%%%`&=H__()TO_L'67_I-%6C6=H__()T
MO_L'67_I-%6C0`4444`%%%%`'`ZC_P`A74_^OBW_`/3=8U5JUJ/_`%=3_Z^
M+?\`]-UC56@`HHHH`*^._$__`
OB'_L.:M_Z7W%?8E?'?B?_D9?$/\`V'-6









MUBV\/ZAXF\276FRZ[J.WL)^R==.+HN&JT9^\OK%#'X'#YA1KTHRC&:IPH8O
M#0K*M&C4I8FI/NFZ^&QD

M7Q&09WE2C4E5C'*\3.O3HQGAG7\U\3?\I3?V0O^S`/^DG_`*T5_P`$I*_2
M.OS2\4WUC%_P5+_9DEO+6./_A@+_@I&F^2XA1-[?M$_\$IF5-S.%W,J.57.
M2$8@84X_1S^V-)_ZFG?^!MM_P#':Q)-&BL[^V-)_P@IIW_`(&VW_QVC^V-
M)_ZFG?^!MM_\=H`T:*SO[8TG_H*:=_X&VW_`
=H_MC2?^@IIW_@;;?_`!V@


:O)#<M8:
M\TW3]362
?-C?$']JC]L8M;^`)+K]CS]GN]+I)X_P#%!LV_:#\?Z5(?EE\)



MV.:W?[P\%^`?!7PRT_0/!OP^\+:'X.\+:3I6J1V&A^']/M]-L(2USHWFSO%;
MHAN+RY9?-O+^Y::]O9R]Q=W$\[O(W7?VQI/_`$%-._\``VV_^.U0DU73#JEG
M(-2L#&MAJ2

B
WF;0SK'(44D%A&Y`(5L?/Y_QAF^?T:&`J?5L

M/MC1HK._MC2?^@IIW_@;;?\`QVC^V-)_ZFG?^!MM_\`':`-&BL[^V-)_P@
FQET)D`91)&Z%ER`Z.N=RD__`&QI
M/_04T[_P-MO_`([0!HT5G?VQI/\`T%-._P#`VV_^.T?VQI/_`$%-._\``VV_
M^.T`:-%9W]L:3_T%-._\#;;_`..T?VQI/_04T[_P-MO_`([0`:I_Q[1?]A'1



?@




M

T;+)%+&S)(C*Z
5()F_MC2?^@IIW_@;;?\`QVOS%IIM----IIJS36C3


M16=_;&D_]!33O_`VV_\`CM']L:3_`-!33O\`P-MO_CM`&C6=+_R%K+_L':I_


M:=_X&VW_`
=H`T:*SO[8TG_H*:=_X&VW_P`=H_MC2?\`H*:=_P!MM_\=H`T
M:*SO[8TG_H*:=_X&VW_QVC^V-)_ZFG?^!MM_P#':`.2U'_D*ZG_`-?%O_Z;





MK&A!O54*-3$8J6&HW]EA7B\9]6A26+Q*J_$GB;_E*;^R%_V8!_P4D_\`6BO^


M


/VQ]0F^.?[8#^)K/P1J6N1:W\*OV4
MQJ-QI7@_POX?2PT]]`UWXE6UA]CO/%'BW4['[-J$MCJ+1#3UN+BUOD^QWY\
M:']CP]PQAL=@


F&['

GB7

FX+R__`%4R?$TI8?&XBEB/K?$^



MBBB@`HHHH`SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_])HJT:SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_])HJT:`BBB@`HHH
MH`SK+_CYUC_L(Q?^FG2ZT:SK+_CYUC_L(Q?^FG2ZT:`BBB@`HHHH`SM4_X]

MZ56I0J4ZU&I.C6HSA5I5:4Y4ZE*I3DITZE.I!J4)PDE*$XM2C))III
SK4:.





DR162)+=)-%9


\1A\1A
M
17PN+H5L-BL-5J4




_$7[1$GPQ^(L]E8WVL-KO@


M#5TH5HQG-5


MXA^VW\44\





M3?\`*4W]D+_LP#_@I)_ZT5_P2DK](Z_-SQ-_RE-_9_[,`_X*2?^M%?\$I*_
M2.LB0HHHH`****`L[1_^03I?_8.LO\`TFBK1K.T?_D$Z7_V#K+_`-)HJ`-&



M7F^95K8/*

7_IITNGZ9IFG:+INGZ/H

:10Q1I'&


^Q





M52G1Q&&Q%&3A5HUJ4TIPJ0DFI1DDTUV/UG+

P

M]*='K1K.E_YUE_V#M4_]*='H`T:***`BBB@`HHHH`SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_P#2
M:*M&L[1_^03I?_8.LO\`TFBK1H`****`BBB@#@=1_YNI_]?%O_`.FZQJK5
MK4?^0KJ?_7Q;_P#INL:JT`%%%%`!7QWXG_Y&7Q#_`-AS5O\`TON*^Q*^._$_



M

M)^U_/^TK:_M41?&&/X^*8?@1;?$2R^47[+MOHR_LX-^T/+XRD\$M^SBDOA



M_8^D_P#0+T[_`







MZ5I6F2:7ILDFFV$DDEA9N[O9V[.[M;QLSNS1EF9F)+
22222235_^Q])_P@
M7IW_`(!6W_QJC1_^03I?_8.LO_2:*M&@#._L?2?^@7IW_@%;?_&J/['TG_H%
MZ=_X!6W_`,:K1HH`SO['TG_H%Z=_X!6W_P`:H_L?2?\`H%Z=_P`5M_\:K1H
MH`Y^STK3&N-55M-L&6._C2
-9VY$:'2]-D*(#&0JF21W*K@%W=L;F)-_^Q])
M_P@7IW_`(!6W_QJBR_X^=8_[
7_IITNM&@#._L?2?^@7IW_@%;?_&J/['T
MG_H%Z=_X!6W_`
:KQ_XN?M-?L[_`.VDN?C3\;_A;\


8W
MB

M4X/\#_%[CW`O-^%/#KBS-

M_!7[XV@+X`_9E_9O_8_\/7?`US]H3XI:G\9/'*6#'Y+_`$SPQ\)[2QT?3M7=








!?HN\9<)Y/PQX7^(_'64


JF+SKQJR;AG@+PTXXP-14EEN3Y/C

MU:=66=_8^D_]`O3O_`*V_P#C5']CZ3_T]._\`K;_P-5HT5VGS)G?V/I/\`
MT]._P#`*V_^-50L]*TQKC55;3;!ECOXTC#6=N1&ATO39B`QD*IDD=RJX!=



MZU72_%'V/\`!CXG?KX^?#S0?B=\-I-
U?PWKL3#;)86D&IZ-J=OM34=`UZ

ZL#%=VDUUI]U9WEQ[)7YI_&?X0^/OV7?'VO_M5_LO:+

M


'QA@J%'!\

M2&0!T
D$D
TOI5?G&

MU%&=.K3G&4)PG%2C)--)H_7
!C\#FN!PF9Y9B\-F&79AAJ.
P..P=:GB
)B\


M#5+.

:H
M_L?2?^@7IW_@%;?_`!JM&B@#G]*TK3)-+TV233;222PLW=WL[=G=VMXV9W9
MHRS,S$EF)))))))J_P#V/I/_`$]._\``*V_^-4:/_R=+_[!UE_Z315HT`9
MW]CZ3_T]._\`K;_`.-4?V/I/_0+T[_PMO_`(U6C10!G?V/I/\`T]._P#`




IQKU'1P_LHR





6'E5^J8GV7SUXF_Y2F_LA?]F`?\%)

M.T?_`)!.E_\`8.LO_2:*M&L[1_\`D$Z7_P!@ZR_])HJ`-&BBB@`HHHH`SM8_
MY!.J?]@Z]_\`2:6M&L[6/^03JG_8.O?_`$FEKR_X[_'#P+^SQ\--?^)_Q`OG

MWTLDVTGY_P#M3?M)6'[/?@_3(]&TB3QO\8?B'J(\)_!KX96&9=3\8^+[PQP6




\ZPWB1Q3@L1@


MLTJVMG\





%K



UNTNV









MI\:8]-6UI9-D$+OK?VN`KJS[))K^9B?BAX

+Z







'1-6T



5'%\%^'^6YCQ#2G&
8NK@^-_$.MQWQYEDYR7M9_V5Q1@8.HT
M^11A2C#X%^$?_!+O]@CX*W


L9-RC&G@\!0Q.*JRE&-.C*32?G9#PQQ#Q1B
M*F%X?R;

5C*M##TXIRG4BDV?2

WA2:]TX0_:$M/B;\395



M6W[#O[/'[4=KIOBKX@V][\.?BMX

\9

7AQ.\$8F9BF+=@WR[\3_\`@G;XP^%/
MC?7/C]_P3B^)D'[./Q3U:X&J^-/@CKT5YJ_[+7QIGMT54LO$O@6`R?\``ZM



M





MFWT

?XZ&!PF9
M+#5
XITJOMZN71KRP\H8FE0/I.BO(/@9\6=/^


*M&HITJL(5(2B






X&A/$8G@W&8F;JXWB[A?!T(


M*

MZ315HT`%%%%`!1110!P.H_\`(5U/_KXM_P#TW6-5:M:C_P`A74_^OBW_`/3=

MX9\+Z%X-_9B^-^F:A%!IGQ@E\8#7-6\3:$\M]X;C\*_V+';ZVWBG1[O[4'P@




9B%B85XU\

M\3_$/XS_`!E\=VWA'4]4U/PGH7C3X]_&'QU\:_%'A+PEKVIZ/X8UOQ%X6\':

0K
I9$*_
MHY_9=M_SUU'_`
'&K?\`R;7YV^)O^4IO[(7_`&8!_P`%)/\`UHK_`()25^D=
M9$F=_9=M_P`]=1_\'&K?_)M']EVW_/74?_!QJW_R;6C10!G?V7;?\]=1_P#!
MQJW_`

M32]-=I+\


TZSC
MQ=75Q*52..-%X'+R.5CC5Y'1&NE2J5ZE.

ZU:CAZ-7$8BK


MOWF


5QX3@#O%96RVNH6GF16.DZSK&%9^'?%W_!0[
M6S\1_B!9:OX3_8P\&W5YJ7PM^'%V+K2]8_:`UG2Q.++XA^.;?]Q=6W@6&:/S

51;CE&#E5R2A4EC


M[49W]EVW_/74?_!QJW_R;1_9=M_SUU'_`
'&K?\`R;7+?$'XH?#;X2Z#+XI^
M*/C_`

MXI^
;&SL=&@\QD2+4X=#U/2IPWF17K1F)I?`S?BGA_(IPHYIFN%P^*K*]#+X
M2GBLTQ/7_9


N

//19MQ;763T8Q:O[6ADN'CC

6K^VPW#V


'?^;?[-6L_$[0Y+B?3W_`&JOV@+;6_A5^S=I<D<K
MP/J/AVPNH+/Q[\4(K5P%O-.T*UT;5K%WBEETZZM7#-XV:83!4ZD*/&?$^99_
MCL1'GH\+9'2Q&782NKI/V609+5KYSCL(Y-1JRSS-



RX0R^M&CGG$F;9EA/OP9R.JUSOYGGF
S'!4
?B:E-3G








MI?B+19W-QIU^L

MJ:OYEK^RE^TM?ZKJ]IH_Q^\




32]-=I+\,]A9N0FJZG&@+6\9(2..\6.-
M03\J(JHHPJJ%``O_`-EVW_/74?\`P<:M_P#)M&C_`/()TO\`[!UE_PDT5:-




ME\7


MX

BL55F4L
^
M`GXU_&'XI-]G_9_^OBTT:=BD/Q/^-FMZ]X/\+^6&*?;=
\+6NH-XGU^RDP

MQ:YNGFN'+
SR
G@

HHS
MY\-D&64

B
M2_)-_I2?/JNIR#$FJ6:


::*32^)W[1_[/\`\%HY6^+?QK^%OPXEBC,GV+QCXZ\-Z%JLZA0P6STB_P!1
MAU2_E92&2RL[B=U.4C8<U\3:E_P5S_95U2_N=$^!^D?';]J;Q#:R-;RZ/\`
ML\_!+QMXN







X3B/


[P&&A*-6C7R_`4IM?L.*^DGX+^*-%8OQE






MX+AS
LRP7'T


M/QW'/]BO_AS\9[?4/@]XUT[5=P']C/IWQ`MM#LM4U7#(PM?#VI:SN#%5=I(Y



6<YFM-3TNY
M2WN[*_@DM-0MH[JT,<7J1`8%6`96!#*0"
$$'@@C@@\$5^8/B_X+_%W]D3
MXH:K\7/V3/D7C[X0^,DU37?BU^S!!?MIMS9:LLVG_\9?!1&@FLK#4[N(PR

@R_'9KX:YGBJN*SSA?*L+7Q^8\#YABJLJN)XAX5RS#0JXG&\-XRM


Z52
*D)

NH_^#C5O_DVM&B@
M#._LNV_YZZC_`.#C5O\`Y-H_LNV_YZZC_P#C5O_`)-K1HH`\]NXEAU'48D
MC*MQ#@S337$AW:?9









M-.=6M6JSC3I4J5.+G4JU:DW&%.G3A%SG.;48Q3E)I)L9XE\2^'_!OA_6?%?B

K;
M5S:?#JTN8O






=OX^_:Q^)JA&N/'?[3GC35





M+JVD$MR+%Q'$EQ^J&B:%HGAG2;'0?#FCZ5X?T/3(1;:;HVB:?::5I.GVX9G%




M2^*-W+

M]DQ-)/\`HSI&CZ1X?TRRT70=*TW1-&TV!;73M)TBQM=-TRPMDSLM[*PLHH;6

MOX@UB:*62Q\-^%M&AW7_`(@\1:EY



(VJF,.M
MBD%SK7C;]EO#.C:/X<LI-`\/:5INA:#HC:?I6C:)HUC:Z7I&D:7I^@Z/:V&F
MZ9IMC%!9V%A96L45M:6=I#%;VT$<<,,:1HJCR(5,WXKDJMOCN'^&MZ-6E%8





MCGO]GTGA

MVY**^:O&7[7/P&\'WIT:/QG'XT\3.62V\+?#BRNO'.M74Z@EK6


M)3'*(V8QR!?&O^&9_B#X[Q-\=/VAO'WBJVE&9O!WP\6V^&/@TJ^`]A?IHXFU



M$_%
8F\
^*/#OB.(J7$NA:WINKQE`Q4N'T^YN%VA@5+9P&!!.1715\MZ[^Q9


M&T=Q8ZKIEP5:6%94MM2M#-87BM!
2GRM^R9^U%\2OOQ(D_8B_;/GM+#]I'P
MYILU]\,?B?##]A\'_M1?#NQ606OB[PU.ZQ00^/;TMI1XR\
!8[EI[2^U&T@
MW6VK6UA[F/A9^U[X:`_X1O\`:8\

KY.G?$7X5Z98;5&69)]:\

M6]P%
DB(ZQR




)L/0IX?
M&Y7BN(L5P?@N





'5RW%8;BFCE+AF%4X
MTZF&A*I)R:=-U(2A.7U6`\-^/LSP;QF6\*X_.%1_=XZEPSBLIXSEEF*A$\1
M@\=B.#
QX@P4

:[I8JK05XU*=:I1G3J3^J-'_Y!.E_]@ZR_])HJT:^-


M\9PLD/DWMK*Q;!9%`ZZGC-PCC:L\+P71SOQ-QT).G[+P^RY9UE4:L7RRHXGC
M'$XC+^!

MX4:)XV^.OB6`^6]C\

%2PY.U^


_$U[RX3\+\MGT@JOB!Q?*D[?:FLCX3R+&+6Z]GQQA$HZ.3J



M`C5R!7UI16M#P:X1Q-:EC.


75?&?BJ=46U\+^#]*C
MN_$&M.]QY=K)=6M@=-L9IHFU2^L8&








?^:/[7PDDAN?


T4@9)(I$9DDC=61T8JP()%?E''OA/E7&&68

C'#9




M%S?(L)FN&KX+.\EJ9K4PF$QN3YIE=?#9CBZU9PA^KXOZ0GBCX!9K6X6I\7\0



M?$+I9CA
33TE[*CG-&G2S?#RKT_=IXS%XC-X4I.-5X6M%3IS_1\#XG^#_'=6

M/_&;X?A+/5Y6C552P\:Z
LEOIGCK0ITCBM;VPU@[GL(UTY-2BTYIK.;R;PI
M^UYX\^?B72OA5^W)X:TWP'J.IW*:9X
_:(\+K/+\$/B)*-R1+K%Y)&LGP\\
M1S(@FN['6%MM-!%U?21Z!I*V)NOGWX1?M



R\*?&'*H5%0GC\PRUQP5:A




9=3<99SDN6\]/VGT#1117Q1^BF=H__`"=+_[!UE_Z315HUG:/_P`@
MG2_^P=9?^DT5:-`!1110`4444`<#J/\`R%=3_POBW_]-UC56K6H_P#(5U/_

MZ9X;U:']MCX=?&/]I#X5?&_X/0?!;Q)+X5\#^


M

M/B#1?@3^VI/\=?A!^RG\9/VBOAW\=?VM(/@[KW[+_C7]G?Q7X5OOCI\4/VB_


MIEBJLJ4J
N647'!TZ;ES.=&C@\%A\&J


=
M)XN.)K8?5:'YE_''XQ_CX0?\%0_P!B^Z^*OQ8\+?#.RUC]AS_@H;X?T[5O


'

M302O&V#M8U^7/QT\!_GXE?\%*OV0/'QA\(^`O''A74OV#_`/@H\(?#OQ#T
M70=?T:YU?_AH'_@E@EI)::=X@M[FU.KQVKZA]BGMHQJ$
1NGMI$`E8=-JO\`




]E.WO.*CJ?IS]BN?
M^@QJ/_?K2?\`Y5T?8KG_`*#&H_\`?K2?_E77G'PJ^/'P5^.6E_VQ\'?BM\/_

SOL5S_T&-1_[]:3_P#*NJ&E
M6=PVEZ:RZK?QJUA9L(TCTPI&#;QD(ADTV20JH.U2[NY`&YV;)/05S;:SI'AS
MPD-?U_4['1=#T70$U35]7U2ZAL=.TS3K&P6XO+Z^O+AXX+:UMH(WFGGF=(XX





O85O8;GQ&]

^I]$_8]_:3_;&CTK5OV[/$MM\(O@39II[^%OV%
MO@/K;Z5X:CTNQBB33-.^-7Q$T)K6]\5/90Q01OX8\
74/AZTN+6SOM$O-!=+




M^T3:CS]




M

VJW\BK87C&-X]
2`6\A*.8]-CDL!M8HZ
M.`3M=6P1?^Q7/_08U'_OUI/_`
JZ-8_Y!.J?]@Z]_P#2:6M&OLS]$

^TGQ;\2+4
MK;2:OXWNDO$M=6M+:72KW5[K1M%\21_*_P`!_&_P)_94N?$GQIGF\=?MG?M?


$Q.3^('TAO$+%2X3X@XFPU:G*CFO/AK

M_@J'\.Y_&/C#1)_!_CA-&BU%X?!VOZ?JGA22?Q7-'/;:7;R:QIFN:7H-OX4A

)[^35
MK_4;/19I\[U-T[WUWXDUEX'X\W4==2TNE#&?2560Q#ZRM_@1\$Y]-\1^&Y/A
M)\-_[#O[JTM[S3(_!?AZ&VN([;2+#[*T@AT^-C-:M/-):W(87%M-+)/!+'
[
M.?L^%


LM9_;
^

M8-&&6(S
P=JT3^QQH_BUX[SXW_%?XI?&:]$B32:;JVN_\(UX'2:


M?!'4]



I)VY:


&M
:

W-=E]BN?^@QJ/_?K2?_E77'_#SXK_``V^


M\ZAG5/-


MR/%T
TG3M!V:%ID5C;O;Z7
MHVFZ%I^GVQFB2618+6WTE(T#.[,S$-([$O([N68]!]BN?^@QJ/\`WZTG_P5






M?8KG_H
:C_WZTG_Y5T?8KG_H
:C_`-^M)_\`E77A7A?]KG]E3QLD;^$?VEO@







M1_'C]O#]M27[%^RCX)U+]E/X#7Y:*7]IG]HGPYIEQ\1O$VERAD_M+X1_!=+1

MN_:+E$4MY\9OCG
/$4NEW$


M?^@QJ/\`WZTG_P5='V*Y_Z#&H_]^M)_^5=:-%`&=]BN?^@QJ/\`WZTG_P5

M`!\ZQ_V$8O\`TTZ70`?8KG_H
:C_`-^M)_\`E71]BN?^@QJ/_?K2?_E76C10


;X=XN$*^:X9X

UQ\*'NKN?5_$'[


M;1[#5M8NQ*\WZJ*RLH92&5@&5E(*LI&001P01R..17FOQ*^%_PX^+VGKX



9DF8U69/Q0^$'PT_:(^&.O?#?XFV-A\1_AE
MX]TA(-2TF_BT6^TO4[&X5+FPU/3+^TT\36=]:2BWU/0M?TB[M]1TN^AM-4TF
M^MKNX3\E_#OQ#^
7_!*;Q3H'PF_:&\6^





%&&*_LK-8X+%XC%\#^)/#D:M.KB\N
MH9E]:P[=+/.&
XS?(





*TKVP685JG#U6;?L
PR2D



0V

-6M1_YNI_]?%O_PFZQJK0`4444`%?'?B?_D9?$/_`&'-









MM(U2*
3KXBN/LOD/_#`O_!3?X4/CP?X9^#FJZ=;D&R7]F']K#X^?!?7SLR
M)93\9H_%VAVE\EM:)$1;)-91))IVR29[.Y


QR+VLT










MW\5?COJOAVY:VOYM`\
V%Y)IT/AO2]1M#96$EUJLWARWU2&761JGBK6]+;PW

/Q(^&;K*LCAK[P+X

M?80S7^G?#[XE_LH_#K6-%M+O5I)M6O\`[)XGMO$-YXDTZPNM0E7=I=E$MI#)








M/6V

/\`Z.V9Y9A*?L\%
M@
K\8N`N!J2AH^6A@O$G


M/!F#I3KYCQ%E^3T*:O5K9[*ID5*DKI7JU

MUL7@O#?-^)



M%0P_#^5X7!83
LRQ'$F;XG+







T]G\0OA-


M6^`K0-EXQ!X`^
=E9H21F/



M-2UC]#P/B7G\


/B#$RPWGP\^*^FR^
E'1OB1X)\/^+[$(\<!U:Q1[^P$GWWTK5H3#JVD3L0;C2[V


SQ0C4K'9'*O#KBF26
M1YQC.!
WJWY
HXNJQS3AFO7:O&EA.+L!AL/B\L56?[NA2S[(W@L-&4)9AQ+&
MGKB3[\HKYF^$'[47@SXEZQ-X\2:9JWPH^

M1(++Q7I4H+RV=WIPCO)[2

M9=B
MQBITZ\(5E&5+$X:LN:AC
#BJ
JF%Q^`Q
??PN/P5?$8/$T[5
/7J0:D







MOG

X3X;Q-1.ZJULCRRI5B_YH5989U(2_O1DI+N?)XSP[X`S&?M
M

'N&:%;#\/Y-EV44L36=?$K`X6E0
MEB:SNE4Q-2,?:UYPC:G2=:<_948PHTN2E3A)1117K'N!1110!G:I_Q[1?\`
M81T?_P!.UE6C6=JG_'M%_P!A'1__`$[65:-`!1110`4444`%9UE_Q\ZQ_P!A
M&+_TTZ76C6=9?\?.L?\`81B_]-.ET`:-%%%`!7
^
_&@^/OGB#P7XGLEU#
EB<+B:$Y4JV'Q%I&K0KT:D&ITZM*K-2G




M

FH_$/P?\.BFI6GA


(OK%5)59X[*Y1GE.94\1R0CC(XO!SJXFE'V3Q$+J2\S


MHOC;4EB6/X9_$0VW@SQT;N5586&FV-]=RZ1XJND#9D_X0K6O$D*!7+S+Y;A?


LCP

TQ6982JW?)H8:IA





M_$L_!W_REKY_\:?\%

]5\8/!;

_D_%,^(<3+!Y!P5XK9YBX
MQYY87)_+Q+S/$Q@VTIRH8+A:O546TUS.*5T]3]RJSM7UC2/#^FWFLZ]JFG:





IHEJ;N+48(/%_C/2HBEQ]F-F;
M#4;5I)GU(RZ?;6PL0WV57+#



_@G4?#?Q5\(-\);:W\??&#6/$WP7^$OCWPA\0-06_^(=E\
!1<0?9U%15IQK




MM/?%SPGX:\7:%K'AKQ-H/PU^
W[2OQ8^*OPOTWQ%X
UZWTG7_`NMI\/?&'AJ

M&+M6S7B/-J%.

MCZ_K`DU+4OV@/^7=[96PAT'2]4N5,UKH.K2F5H5@B^RA)I(Y+BU6?ZO_P&
S'

MTYRI0Q^3\

M#_\`Y\A_Q!_Q:_Z-=XB_^(3Q+_\`.P^L?*U;_G]T[_P5W/\`\N*H:5'J9TO3

7=MN;-I(\;1UST?[+W
PM++2H!;V<3S3W^L
MZFX26Y%O`KR3W^IW4SQPHS23B-,B(YCXP<8.,,FR+*?_*:TE&.8\6NCQ9QI

MK;3OH:5]8_;G\5M;0MJ6B_LA^#-:`N9U^U:9J7[0/B;1[EAY$$@\NXB^&^DW
ML0
CJ8I-1NHN
:HL;^%/T'L;&RTNRL]-TVSM=/T[3[6RL+R@BM;.RL[6)8

M%B

M$/-?#')L7D61X3)N$N

QF&P
L2J2Q$L'0Q-:I2PSKJA05
5JW_/[IW_@KN?\`Y<5HT4`9WE:M_P`_NG?^NY_

+^

@&JJ8U$912C-(2ZN^\*XCCZLZ
MR_X^=8_[




M*=\9DF
DUS3G@Y_5





K`
K*0592



[RM6_Y_=._\%=S_`/+B



M]JN]2U!H=4LI)UTO1-+M[[6M5-M%F:Z&G:?=&U@#3W'EPJSCP;_AXA^QW_T5
M_P#\Q_\`%'_YB:^FRK@OC'/

%=S_\`+BCRM6_Y_=._
M\%=S_P#+BOCS_AXA^QW_`-%?_P#
?_%'_P8FC_AXA^QW_T5_P#\Q_\`%'_Y
MB:]'_B&?B1_T;[C?_P`13/O_`)@/6_X@YXN_]&K\1_\`Q!^)O_G6?8?E:M_S
M^Z=_X*[G_P7%'E:M_S^Z=_X*[G_`.7%?'G_``\0_8[_`.BO_P#F/_BC_P#

M!G_LO32&0#55
:B





SC%JQ!!O=.(/!!


YRZMG/#/$.$I87.





YMOVB?A
M9)X@\
)XLX!JQ6GM\=C<-@Z'$'D6DJF(J<39%
MA


N*/*U;_G]T[_P5


M_+6PV+PM2KAZ]*5G:I2J3@[.S/SW'8#'97BZ^`S+!8O+L=A:CI8G!8[#5L)B



M$4(R?#WPB\%:]XQOI`21&8+T6UAH-P)F5DC
.LN
J2^Q2K-ZE;P]SWCG+JU#




M^R[I-_!YI\$_LU?`6#QEK6K8`26Q\*ZS\3KE/B&%CGZ:EIFG7MPBQW6\4T

MQ






9Q7C:4DZ.-P

M`!'\8WQUP5@
PHQ7+/



M$3SP^$;:_&C32.H5A=:^OB#5(Y`TB:F&=L_I'17I87





MN%P#F9]S`L-H(58:M:C_`








B/Q)K
0DMFM7*DRZ7+:VG
MBK[G\*^%O#W@CPYHWA+PGI-GH7ASP_80:;I&DV

MW

H0KY9@ZD5./!V$KTU.CF
MV.IR37^LN)I3C5RG!5$WDM&4
SQ
5F$\#3POZ_AJ=+PIPE#

M$Y/E]6

J



M_()U3_L'7O\`Z32UHUG:Q_R=4_[!U[_`.DTM:-00%%%%`!1110`5G67_'SK
M'_81B_\`33I=:-9UE_Q\ZQ_V$8O_`$TZ70!HT444`%%%%`!6=+_R%K+_`+!V
MJ?\`I3H]:-9TO_(6LO\`L':I_PE.CT`:-%%%`!7)^-O`O@[XC^';[PGXZ\.

JJXZRBML/
MB
1A*]'%86O6PV)P]2%:AB
/5G1KT*M.2EK1JTY1J4ZD))2A.$HRC))IIHW
MPN*Q6!Q-#&8+$U\'C,+5A7PV*PM:IA\3AZ]*2G3K4*]*4*M&K3FE*%2G*,X2
M2E%II,^`V^&OQ]_99+WWP.O;_P.'P7MBTEU\$?%VIL?''A*Q7S)95^&GBN9


_X5UX'TC5?C'\9KK=%8_#/P+LO+JPE4JKW'C'6U2?3?&G6Q=
M'OIM0
E[:PO'
US_%_4LHP5;&XA4Y5JO)R0HX;#T]:N*QN



.JZ;!/%?Z)\`/`]W
A:;


M^H^(O%5-+1.NN`

@IJG1PNPE*ZHX'+L#AX4<%EN7X=-QP^`P&'PV#P\?=H
MT(+0****\H\

7_IITNM:-:MAZL*V'JU:%:G


M?9[.TO)M#A\M\/&$T@!2`









M^Q3I]MJEAI6B?M$?M.Z#X/DL=1:Z\)V'Q5NFM1%%/IBI8Z=?7.GS7FG:=/O0


N)N'FDY5




ME^.'QH\16_C'X6_LV:1^R_XH2Z$\/Q3U7XHMX;\2WT
DJ2W7]I^#_A_87!$M

M#'A+X@V


%F^(K1BIXGBCACBZIQ+PMQ%C*G)!2S;$Y/1S[
M#4W4AE.;Y7[1R7VF'\?\YHRRS#SX-X(QF4Y11JX7+\)FN`S3/\TP&'K*
7_9

M0/T&T;0M$\.V


;

MB&3!IGB^-6TOQ/
L:O))/K4!O[B0QVMC8`XS\]FWBAXR98XKQ5R_-/$#)\/9
M0XQX$GFV:U
+1BK*KFGAKC\7F&?9=$590X.QW&;=[K`XA%J'!GN+PGB;.%


C\6_#'B/$1P.

5\SDHMY+B

MQYDE!XO

MZ(?%!1110!P.H_\`(5U/_KXM_P#TW6-5:M:C_P`A74_^OBW_`/3=8U5H`***

M\6?@Y\&_'Z^$/#6L_%?QG\.?[3\$7_B73I+J66T\:WVA-H'A_4=?TOZ2_:!_
M:1T+P!X2^/EUK_[
'[1/QA@^`*?+Q1I6@^#O@-KWQ/A^,?BKQ-K%MK?@X_!
M'3/#5CXJUKQEJGPM\5:3H^L^.M:L/#*7/PPO+2R\16ZWEQ80NGV314S]K+4

)4J
W.






=G^/HSG.




M[$\W5O\`GRT[_P`&ES_\IZ/-U;_GRT[_`

\/:[@(NU5!\2W\1Q
6+RG.^)D3R6V
ZTO_#+_`
9-2Q_PDO[9

/?&W[36O7O[



6GO=0OKAWFN+B9R?N00K#:PP01=N$Q?7GM
TRG


P=H_V;@JV#H8.&*E'&XN6(CAHX*OZ&

MP&'P%/&SAF..GBH8..7XFUX#\$:5\







M6M6J2E4J5*DI3G.4I2;;;



ME
9%
81B[+&0[.FPJ@DDZLZR_X^=8_[








MQZVLN6/+]_\`\1&CG'[OCSAG)N

OHFKW1







MDMI+B*'Z

L-/

DX;RG%4Y1G2S#
M&3S#
:]*4*^`R'&X6HL5#R=[C]I[]J6)#96^J?LP?!.[QYDD]R8/CCX[TR7;
MG[


;JW_/E
MIW_@TN?_`)3UHT5\H?$'/ZE)J9MX]]G8*OV_2BFI7#DN-4LS&I!TJ,!6DJ
M[[B8T+.J2
HC:_YNK?\`/EIW_@TN?_E/1JG_`![1?]A'1_\`T[65:-`&=YNK









MJ




:\-





K8W*'AX8[$++:^%K8ERQ$9

QX?]C@Y83$9SAJ6%



MX^=8_PPC%_Z:=+K1K:OB,1B9JIB:];$5%--3KU9U9J$-(P4JDI24(IM1BG
M9=$CHQ.+Q6
J*KB\3B
55C--5,36J5ZBIP5H4U.K*4E"TC!/EBM$D%%%%8
MG.%%%%`&=JG_`![1?]A'1_\`T[65:-9VJ?\`'M%_V$='_P#3M95HT`%%%%`!
M1110`5G67_'SK'_81B_]-.EUHUG67_'SK'_81B_]-.ET`:-%%%`!1110`5G2
M_P#(6LO^P=JG_I3H]:-9TO\`R%K+_L':I_Z4Z/0!HT444`%%%%`!1110!G:/
M_P`@G2_^P=9?^DT5:-9VC_\`()TO_L'67_I-%6C0`4444`%%%%`'`ZC_`,A7
M4_\`KXM__3=8U5JUJ/\`R%=3_POBW_]-UC56@`HHHH`*^._$_\`R
OB'_L.
M:M_Z7W%?8E?'?B?_`)&7Q#_V'-6_]+[B@#ZH\










M`*

M``N7_@J#_P!&9?L$_P#BRG]H7_Z5'1_PN7_@J#_T9E^P3_XLI_:%_P#I4=?:
M5%`'Q;_PN7_@J#_T9E^P3_XLI_:%_P#I4=5-/^



'_`/Y?^H/_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_`.E1T?\`Y?^H/_`$9E^P3_
M`.+*?VA?_I4=?:5%(D^+?^%R_P#!4'_HS+]@G_Q93^T+_P#2HZ/^%R_\%0?^
MC

MVA7*!X74L$/_``2E0.5!R%+H&(QN7.1;_P%R_\`!4'_`*,R_8)_\64_M__


7C^+1_A5\0/&\NAWOAZUTV3P/X5UW7+36[HZ-J]I8=%^RU^T
MIX
_:V^#6D?&_P``^'/'?A3PUK/BGXD^$8=^)6BZ=X=\8VFI?[XC^*OACK


^HKJ?\`9%S8MK&G:/JK7FDV51A.4)5(QDX1

+E_P
MH/\`T9E^P3_XLI_:%_\`I4='_Y?^H/_1F7[!/_`(LI_:%_^E1U]I44`?%O
M_Y?^H/_1F7[!/_`(LI_:%_^E1U4MOC!_P5`2;4&'[&G[!3&:\21@?^D_[
M0JA+QAV@_\.I6W@K$K[B$(+E-I!W^W:^8_A%^U9\._C+\9_CI\$?#&A^-
MM


MPHJ37M*B5.%YRC%\3_PN7_@J#_T9E^P3_P+*?VA?_I4='_Y?\`@J#_`-&9
M?L$_^+*?VA?_`*5'7VE13$?%O_Y?^H/_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_`.E1T?\`Y?^
MH/_`$9E^P3_`.+*?VA?_I4=?:5%`'Q;_P`+E_X*@_\`1F7[!/\`XLI_:%_^



1S4]#3B

YZ=2%:G3JTY*=.K-2G-;2A.*E2\I1::\F?%O_Y?^H
M/_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_`.E1T?\`Y?^H/_`$9E^P3_`.+*?VA?_I4=?:5%(L^+
M?^%R_P#!4'_HS+]@G_Q93^T+_P#2HZ/^%R_\%0?^C
)]4U?3;%9[R&9R4(2G)2:A&4FH0G4FU%-M1IT
MXRG.5E[L(1E.3M&

M(2BI1G46DT?%O\`PN7_`(*@_P#1F7[!/_BRG]H7_PE1T?\+E_X*@_]&9?L
M$_\`BRG]H7_Z5'7VE14`?%O_``N7_@J#_P!&9?L$_P#BRG]H7_Z5'1_PN7_@
MJ#_T9E^P3_XLI_:%_P#I4=?:5%`'Q%;?&#_@J`DVH
/V-/VF,UXDC`_\%)_
MVA5$6%C#M!_X=2MO!6)7W$(07*;2$#O;_X7+_P5!_Z
R_8)_P#%E/[0O_TJ



J=6

M*1)\6_\`Y?^H/_`$9E^P3_`.+*?VA?_I4='_Y?^H/_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_


MX8^&/%'C#P3H?BCQ!HEMXBU/1;OQ=HM[+H3Z/'JVJ:7].41:E&4XM.
:LZ#=

M^%R_\%0?^C

M_P#TJ.JEM\8/^H3:@P_8T_8*8S7B2
#_P4G_:%4(186



%0?^C

EG?1A/\`AY/^T*0PEFT]F8O_`
.I05*&
M%0%V


M5TUJFGLT^J9\6_\`Y?^H/_`$9E^P3_`.+*?VA?_I4='_Y?^H/_1F7[!/


M#4(RDTGPVG_&#_@J!#86
*_L:?L%.L5G;1JY_PD_[0J%PD**&*#_@E*X0L



+E_P
MH/\`T9E^P3_XLI_:%_\`I4='_Y?^H/_1F7[!/_`(LI_:%_^E1U]I45(CXM

\
V^GW?B/4=`\


N(8_#/P?\`

'/%_QH37KKQ;=O)XET2'PY
M/$/VC113C*2PV#PKDY0P5*M2IRDH^TG]8QV+S&O4JN*C%SJXS'8FH^2




87U&BJIR=*E5HT

MP]6K7H*23]E5K4XTJM2%[\LYTX*FY1M)PO%MQ=@HHHJ2`HHHH`_/#XW_`+!'







M06^

M)C0NFZ/]H87











MTD:_-X0\




MKXW%UY**=3$X_%RJXBO45.


MZ/KOB'0OUSJUA!XCUK0/]WH%AXFUS2=#EN%U/4M'\.WWBOPO9:[J=G:S66










MF_9Q\*^#?@1:_`;5;G5_!WC2[U#Q!\8=9\9W?QY_9R^+FH^$_$'BG6T\%:7I


M:AJ_AC6='\1Z99ZO#9W-_H.JZ;J]K'+I]]:W$I9O9;)R?^%.
6_12G!-[)SB



)A;VL
M\/+#IM)*,)TL50J.2BH_6.:AC,1%/%O$4

M@`K\J/&O[+'[5-SX

M#Q;H.HZQ\


MT^656A1Q^



8I:*
M
8I));)6BBBD6%?+_[1GP&O_CAXJ_9ANS'X7O?'PE^./B;Q_\`$G0O$[7C




14]E4B^:G4Y9QUBC\



/VL_B[\5?@KXT_:B


M/P`^
FJ_L8_\%*X_#C:;)^RK\7O%_P#P5:^-WQT-WJICUG1/BW^SU^T!^UA8

MMJ%54*L:WLXSE&RM)1Y9QC5IXB%.H^7VDJ5/&X?!8Y4HSA2JXK`X58J&)PJK


M

M/2Q*4HU(5\NR3/


98FN[%YE7
MJT
;.A1H+
G@H<2X#/Z\$YP<:V*G3P
?'WQ1JM]-X/^.7C'7/B-\!


?B!X[^



$



;+X*?\



M?86T%I:6\2JD
&M7^/&A^.?VD+7]F+X/:9^W+\,/@AK/[34VD?#3K?]FCX4Z]^


XYM-NDN[=++XC_`WQS\.OB'IMI)+&J:A8:=XHM;'5K4O9:I;7EG));M





M


5B%6S3^T
/2I


M6WQC^?_``4P^-K6-Y'X?^'[!7[1O[-/PU?49HI;E/$7BKX/S?$_P#:'OGC
M#SRQ7


M\

4IIU;*

MAJW[




MJ53%2RN*Q7\POP3_`&]_VT_$WPE_;A^(?B_]IK]F^?XB^!?V)OVF?C--^SQX
M8^
_P\^+'QY_8\^/OPUL))?#_AKQ!\`=-_86^`.N?!?PSX)UJZUKPQXJ\'_M
M


8?6\]Q
*$4HTX1S;+\KP6!H-**A4I9-4P6+

J^8U*D*.'Q%.6(K_`

M-_\`@EA=_%/P;;_&Z^#,'@?]NKXZ^/_``'\3[#XL?OX?ZY^T[\'/%/CCQ3

LVF?M\?!5_#MO




-%5'.K3AET
TC6C)U
MJN&4L#3H8#`9;1KQ^J85*CJX7#8=VMA
'##QI252=#$UYRX1^M8FO'V\6IRJ





.64



M_M





*4FU'


=G^)IE15I8&O[*5*EF$WCHX!R3E3P=91G++
9C;T










\30I5W2HU*V'IXCU*]*%3EE4HPQ6&G5@I0CB*
I*I'



_\`F&?V@O\`
MYU%'_#[3_@F+_P!'
_\`F&?V@O\`YU%?JI17S/U/CC_HHN%/_$
S?_Z/#]O_
M`-8_HL_]&;\?_P#QI7PZ_P#J3SY5_9E_;:_9B_;%_P$V_X9Q^)O_Q?^%=?
M\(W_`
)E_P`49\0?/\`8_\`PEW]O_\`/?\CWX4\
?VA_:'_,:Y_ROMWV
M3[#_`*=]F^TV?VCYW^)G[6'[1_PS^)/BS]F9_ACX=\7?M!_%CQ-=7G[%OB[0


M`

KO\`M+^V/[2@_LS^P?\`A7/E_8_[*U#^U/[9W_:M

3EF'JTG-XF@L+AZF8YCB
'5E/#
M83!5L0L;B*SPM?


?$/A3X_P#BOPWJ$&HVVI?#7X#^+_BUX]TJ[TO6M(N-+NM0




?V:_#`\







M^

MO#GB=/%GA30O&^HVWQ0CTEOB+X*^&?B3P/EVO[&/Q

NC&.*A5QDY?5*E;#^TP]2*EB
-&A


M02?0O''C/P[/I'B?5G:S^S_\3=+U']HCQ?\`![XWZ?\`#GXA?&KXC_#OXC:!

?A



^`]:T.[^UZ'


ME6.6(A*KB

L?5IPITZM)X2I*M

\*^'OB#J_@KQ!I7B3QU\--3TS5[WQ5\1?A5IPN6\=^&

+/V1XQ!X

M`!;\




Z^)=0^$@TO


D6GZ5JWQI^+OQ#^+6FPWWA2+Q0\NKV?
M@^\\=0Z/=1Q^)M*D\3P:.]XDGAYM3%MI^U?DC0Q\H*O.I3K9E3P5.@Z*KU\/

9*
M;J2IT
14PU6684)*C-UG3HXMT(*=!5FJ4*T:4\4ZE.O2^%?%/[47[;'PO\7^

/AS



M\'-

:2FLK555OK5
M5!VPWUBC&LZUG5C16S^EF.*5.'[A5,PQL^%<RPV&<*^'RO$X?.LMP5+#91
M[&.:U/B1\4OVI?AG^T+\)X-9UC]G2\^!GQ?^,UK\'?7P@T;PC\1;[]H+4=+


S^SIJ/B/





&Z5%4Z%3`YAP#Q36JXF-:

;7L/PG^/GPE^.
M/]O_`/KO%G_``E'_+_`-E?V[_Q(O$NB_8?[:_M+^S/^1BT;2?M/VG^R=0_


N




TQ4JBJ8C&


M2






M+/FA>-]1MOBA'I+?$7P5\,_$G@?7$TXS6'IT*]>A.K)NIBX0HUHX!_4G4IU
MJF%K
QN!FLPC@J%'R3P]^U[^T?K7Q&L



M/\;[_P#9_NO$MEK]U/XNUV_N!X9_9WFT[1(ETGPE&GB-[.\\=ZEF6O[&/Q
;



_''[5/P%^&_BG5/!?C3QW_8W
MB;1OL7]I:;_PB_C/4?LW]HZ=::M9_PF:3X=OM/F\[3[ZUN/]'NI?+\WRI=D
MR21IR?\`PW%^RY_T4_\`\LKXA_\`S)5]845^5YAE/C-4Q^-J97Q[X8X/+*F+
MQ

JP^/Q=##NG2Q.-H97EM'%5HSKTL!


IU:N*^N4YX+R



_8PB\4\SY*?L


MX6\6Z]\-&\=Z?X7U?3[FQU$'41!87/P+XI_:B_;8^%_B_P`1?`WQAK/[)_C[



]KX
M8\

FIZ;JUK]U?`/X#ZM\`/@GK





M2_:$^*GQ1\
_#6]\)^&?$/C'PM\6O`'Q`@TSPU\-=2^(_C'4__AVW\(?#7P
MK\,=M]4^)?B_5-+TK2[36M2U;Q!?1W%M=X]U^QKXYN/CQJ/BS_A=?AV7]G#

M?`\.('A*=.E1A'!XG!87CFEE-&6%A'#8S

M2QGUS//[+IU9U92IY?*EQ&^&HUJ[J5JE7&83&UN%)YDZN
D_P#I!;UN5A^&
M/^1:\/?]@/2?_2WK<H`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BB
MB@`HHHH`****`BBOGC1?%'QE\?:IK7B'P7J/PQT7P'H/CK7?!L/ASQ-X7\5
M:QXJ\4P^!_$USX7\7ZH?&.E^

WM(T


M\

-.O+WPG:Z3J\.I:O\6=5TS3?#6C:*AUJVN+W




6OC;7=;N-'T
MKP]K'B*?3]&UGXO?`7PKH7AGPQ:^

N9+K2M/UG3M6TYUEN

MF_1**^2+OXN_%7X=:EXWA^(S?#OQS;^$?@KXJ^+NMVOPVT#Q-X7F\$7GA\PR







MT9X\O_B/;Z9KUYH47@^Y^


M7J%C?Z7XPN[W4-/TR1_%/PGU==0N;#0+GQ0/-\+^&/B3KWQ*\/6M[H-G=:A9






M#E\-^*-/\!Z9IHM_$&C:1!XMU_Q/;Q3W/B7P[J^E6/CCP1H1U#3;@M=6*LLM
(VTJ?Q+H5GH0OKB(2;=-<LKU:EG%<L


U=-734ESN'NM2

HNG*2DF_=:***D84444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%%%%`
M!1110`4444`%%%%`!1110`4444`%?'?B?_D9?$/_`&'-6_\`2^XK[$KX[\3_


MH?\`X-K#_P2***`#_A)_#7_`$,.A_\`@VL/_DBC_A)_#7_0PZ'_`.#:P_\`
MDBBB@`_X2?PU_P!##H?_`(-K#_Y(H_X2?PU_T,.A_P#@VL/_`)(HHH`/^$G\
M-?\`0PZ'_P#:P_^2*/^$G\-?]##H?\`X-K#_P2***`#_A)_#7_`$,.A_\`
M@VL/_DBC_A)_#7_0PZ'_`.#:P_\`DBBB@`_X2?PU_P!##H?_`(-K#_Y(H_X2
M?PU_T,.A_P#@VL/_`)(HHH`/^$G\-?\`0PZ'_P#:P_^2*/^$G\-?]##H?\`



M74
DVJQZB44HKEC*

`_#?

]$\;Z9H^GZCKD
U]=^%M






M3=(TCQ'I9\=:CX
UVST'0KJZ\))KFFIK
GKW@'3O#O@G0[FQNOB#!XEU_5KK
M^TO$/BC5-8TXWNHZG_9]EI4#6T$UU=_9=.TK2]-T[2='M;RYU7438:?;W/B+

:EE-)M-I6LE*_-&
4HJ
8M**A!124().3YY0


M[O4/%UQ]

?QP\5ZKXO\4:7HF@M\2-9U/X577C#

MHE&


M


MM0\4^


8)6A#V3A!
M:1BZ-*K1IR45HI1I5JL'.W--3;FY.S7DME\(/!EMJ
RW7QN\8:KX*G\?ZM\2

^(=UI6G^




MC.#B]5)5(4Z<I33O[2IR4:4%5GS5(QIP49I0C:I-S=5RU=9SE5:T<G4^L*H

M`UWJ#Z7X%\0?#ZW'B%X[2*&[5]&\27UU
--@TDMJD5I


-=:]H$EQJ?\`9W@/Q#\/(H_$





M=TNL6VKZ+?16-C:SZ
8/MJ7I13;DX4H.4VZ*]VHYR]LZCK5L3*O*JFIO$2Q&





4HJ
8QBH0YG

M!?@._O-;\0Z'=27UAX'O?%.H6&KW36UM9N^O:G=^+]5EUJY5TL;@I:?8M.T_

MWINF:KJWB/Q3XDOLW=Q?/XA\4:W?QWT23VUO:E%*24^?F2:J4ZE&:248NE6J
M0JU*:C%*


M!`0```%]`0(#``01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T?`D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!``(1`Q$`/P#^P[3M.T]]

S%69B22222223FKG]F:;_P!`ZQ_\!+?_`.-T
M:7_R#=._Z\;3_P!)XZO4`4?[,TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;H_LS3?^@=8_P#@);__
M`!NKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_X6__`,;H_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QNKU%`%'^S--_Z
M!UC_`.`EO_\`&Z/[,TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QN
MC^S--_Z!UC_X6__`,;J]10!1_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNC^S--_Z!UC_`.`E
MO_\`&ZO44`4?[,TW_H'6/_@);_\`QNC^S--_Z!UC_P`EO\`_&ZO44`4?[
T
MW_H'6/\`X6__P`;H_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_P`EO\`
M_&Z/[
TW_H'6/_@);_\`QNKU%`%'^S--_P@=8_^`EO_`/&Z/[,TW_H'6/\`
MX6__P`;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_^`EO_P#&Z/[
TW_H'6/_`(6_P#\;J]10!1_
MLS3?^@=8_P#@);__`!NC^S--_P@=8_^`EO_`/&ZO44`4?[
TW_H'6/_`(6
M_P#\;H_LS3?^@=8_^`EO_P#&ZO44`4?[,TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;H_LS3?^@=8
M_P#@);__`!NKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_X6__`,;H_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QNKU%`
M%'^S--_Z!UC_`.`EO_\`&Z/[,TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_\`




M+!)J64N_L7YH7O[+7[2OB;_@G#_P7[\8Z9^S]\;4NOVS?VN?'WQ)_9Q^&VJ_

MA5\-D\?^&)YBS1ZIX





9X!8.%6
MEAL7B%


M$UK%/Y#J7_!5K_@G#HW[
_P^_;#U;X]:%IO[.7Q2^)4_P@\$?$:]^%_Q8MDU


M?&WPO^$GPM^#_P``=`^#/[/MMXO\8^!]0\6_#CPCJ'Q(:R\5_$-I;C5?#LFM

^)/$FN

/5G..




_'/XL
MP?L^?L]Z'X
^+?A;Q'X-UN+P!^S?\&_#'AK4/%^CZ%XIT;P_JUOHOQ&\87=W

M9E6X4I4HJ$JU.$L5BN%\!GDYQJ0P]2IG.(ISHX6G1K4










MZO45D44?[
TW_H'6/_@);_\`QNC^S--_Z!UC_P`EO\`_&ZO44`4?[,TW_H'
M6/\`X6__P`;H_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_P`EO\`_&Z/
M[,TW_H'6/_@);_\`QNKU%`%'^S--_P@=8_^`EO_`/&Z/[
TW_H'6/\`X6_
M_P`;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_^`EO_P#&Z/[,TW_H'6/_`(6_P#\;J]10!1_LS3?
M^@=8_P#@);__`!NC^S--_P@=8_^`EO_`/&ZO44`4?[,TW_H'6/_`(6_P#\
M;H_LS3?^@=8_^`EO_P#&ZO44`4?[
TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;H_LS3?^@=8_P#@
M);__`!NKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_X6__`
;H_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_`/QNKU%`%'^S
M--_Z!UC_`.`EO_\`&Z/[
TW_`*!UC_X6_\`\;J]10!1_LS3?^@=8_\`@);_
M`/QNC^S--_Z!UC_X6__`
;J]10!1_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNC^S--_Z!UC_
M`.`EO_\`&ZO44`4?[
TW_H'6/_@);_\`QNC^S--_Z!UC_P`EO\`_&ZO44`4
M?[,TW_H'6/\`X6__P`;H_LS3?\`H'6/_@);_P#QNKU%`%'^S--_Z!UC_P`
MEO\`_&Z/[,TW_H'6/_@);_\`QNKU%`%'^S--_P@=8_^`EO_`/&Z\^O55+R[

5Z?7F5__`





O\`3=&\0^



UWJ3ZYX


T*Q94A@FN8+J_P!-


M3BF[0A4E[JE3KU7&2:G3AAJ]7#U75B]:;56ER\LK2YITJ;2K35
TDG%2;VA.


\\MT+/
M0-2N]8AT1]+N-5\


E/91_$6W\#^19Z@M]JC:=9V&KS:<






MO];U&RT2*6/6VT-;ZX6:76H]
634$;32;:=E*G!65W.5:E3K4E32NZKJ4ZU&
UI58)S<4W3J-74)-=E17


_#FN:



M`%Y[;3+:P?5-'\&VWBO78KN*SEM8K:]N]-CU;4[2WT[3VT_R=*U!#):!+2.Y

7WAVRTC6O[`U#1O$UUXN\4





M


M%?-OP[^

=YT*=2O!2H0E45\DO:




MVU4:=


MM/L;2YO]8\.^
?'G@^QN[&SLM55;=;S6=!UBYL(?M#VTMK/=K+'=65QEUE















'3YLWQWT<MBG%:S^TCX.\









7%.::Y$I7M/G^%



MZ%






8TVU)
M1G'VF%BIQBXJ495*<:L:;D[5&$I3ITVG=6;ITXRWE)5G0?*X\RG%U(S4*D'


&K7Q;<?$336L4TW58QJVN^
:2Y6ST#4[O68=$;2[C5?#%WJ4T^#X4_:Q^$WC&?Q?'I%[<2P^$OFO


ME&*3;DZ











NJ6*





M^?FW_P_T?\`\51]KM?^?FW_`._T?_Q5]U-+1248R7\T8PE3A!WWA3A+DIP

MW3/[#\..UGH7B;1=$U%_#NE_VMI5^AOTOL_3?V=?[



MTZ]:$[6]HJM3GYG)M_%/@K]GQO!'B#1M;M-=^(^LV7A?PYKWA+P?X8UR#P_)

M0CMI4*6R2VDW


]U;WFL1:G]P_:[7_


M_@MXKU3PEJ'A34OB-\5=0_MB]N9=9UO4?#OPJU._U72;S2UTJX\+76C:C\)K





8*

MTC3[0/!+I-VHA\K[2^UVG_/S;_\`?Z/_`.*H^UVG_/S;_P#?Z/\`^*IIVLDD



M9:QH6JZ3:P+XBBNO$E]8:MIVLV.H:WJNJ75S;/'=/[@^UVG_/S;_\`?Z/_


KQDH_6
A:
M7!I
?AV42QV.EZ?I[)J444ZSBV\RSDU+GX




M6[2UT33H+;5(D-\+W[F^UVG_`#\V_P#W^C_^*H^UVG_/S;_]_H__`(JILM=U







;?QG-X]?XD?8?!\_BVZ\1S^&9O




MF:]J$4I\'_\`821:C)XHUW56T^X\6S:?;:K?R2V5K;6JI:+=U?XPZQXLF\



MT6/X;^+_`(4:#I.I#PRMKX4\%^
H]&@O[+19-



MVGA^_P!;UOQ+/\/!%H4O@T:[XCCNGUF^CFE\)/XT6*]U2^O?$#:2?&+:%%KE





ML^.[







M4?A[=R^)/$


MK&H_;-;EE73Y;#[:^UVG_/S;_P#?Z/\`^*H^UVG_`#\V_P#W^C_^*JE*2:DI




J




M_P`51]KM/^?FW_[_`$?_`
557MLDE=M))*
^($NF^(%UOPYI$VD6T$4!33;Y?)O[;3K_5(/L!N+K4-M-;\2VFB
'08M&U#0OF@7-MX0O--\!6




MGVOVF33=!LI-0NEGU/5)+[5KV]OKBCX(^#NN^_$/B_QWBSXC^*G\:ZA'J^
MJZ9XDTKP7'ID&JP:;I&B6U]8'POX!\

)?#=I9#6=$U:SOM

M6WN8/J3[7:?\_-O_`-_H_P#XJC[7:?\`/S;_`/?Z/_XJIMHDKI*JJZY6XVK1

MIIJ3/A6U_9JFTZWT)M'\7_%72-=T6;Q\\_BRUL_!5SK^MVWQ+\40^
/%ECJ:








M`
`KG_XU1_8^K?\`0+U'_P``KG_XU7M_VNT_Y^;?_O\`1_\`Q5'VNT_Y^;?_
M`+_1_P#Q5`'B']CZM_T]1_\`KG_`.-4?V/JW_0+U'_PN?_`(U7M_VNT_Y^

`KG_XU1_8^K?\`










40Z-XPAAMW
M)AEO/[&:P


'E6ZM_B1X9AN/`WQ


M/IRR;C_AY8*IFN+R^.'Q^$H9;#!?95%?D+_PQU^WY^S8!
M!M/@3^W%I=Q\0;'[-!YSQ:?I/QM\+16/Q`TNV@A9=/TC2%L+73X(UMS?:C)%

MQ7&M^%5O5D\^UT.[T?6]2MXXYHKN=;F&6)5_K=0P7N\19;F/#DEI+%8RE'%Y
M


M`****`LZR_X^=8_[
7_IITNM&LZR_X^=8_[,7_IITN@#1HHHH`****`L
MZ7_D+67_`&#M4_\`2G1ZT:SI?^0M9?\`8.U3_P!*='H`T:***`BBB@`HHHH
M`SM'_P03I?_`&#K+_TFBK1K.T?_`)!.E_\`8.LO_2:*M&@`HHHH`****`
Z
MR_X^=8_[,7_`*:=+K1K.LO^/G6/^PC%_PFG2ZT:`BBB@`HHHH`SM4_P/
M:+_L(Z/_`.G:RK1K.U3_`(]HO^PCH_\`Z=K*M&@`HHHH`****`LZR_X^=8_
M[
7_IITNM&LZR_X^=8_[,7_IITN@#1HHHH`****`LZ7_D+67_`&#M4_\`
M2G1ZT:SI?^0M9?\`8.U3_P!*='H`T:***`BBB@`HHHH`SM'_P03I?_`&#K
M+_TFBK1K.T?_`)!.E_\`8.LO_2:*M&@`HHHH`****`.!U'_D*ZG_`-?%O_Z;




/#;M'XB^(_@

R0LM]J
#+*\(

UX]KG[;/[''AI'?

/SC*\X-W^MYAA
M

_C'KW_``G5K\-[KX)_%:&9[O3_

M2I



M(T^#4OBAX8O/&'P9UC4B8T-MX5^-7@:QO]`UNWC=G\_5KO2M%T:WC3S)[^


MT2\OK1;B%@R36[2K-#(K1RQHZLH_-3Q'_P`%2?@YXYT75/#EI^Q7^W-\9_#F
MMVEQ9:EI-C^RJ==\
ZSI4XV1G5;/Q-XBL[6YT34CM`%U87`


MK1:[X7DTJ^C,UYH=EX:T;4-4LI9K4W=N[V9CX_]?JV7OEP6:4..:5XTL#D


4\!:754CM]*
9N8+J_-NX
/

V3:EXDUS1_#^G(2'O]
M;U.RTJR4JC2

(K





)?\_4?EV/Q?BKA


M1_X*R?\`!.W2YUM[G]J3P-+(\2S!M.TOQIJ\`1G=`'N=)\
7MLDH:-BT#RK.





MM*MY)3-)!IITVQADF*)&9GBM?*1I2D:(9&4N41%)PH`T/[8TG_H*:=_X&VW_
M`



?)+J/A


Z$H(KB%A(Q9E7].O[8
MTG_H*:=_X&VW_P`=H_MC2?\`H*:=_P!MM_\=H_LKCF7Q\8Y/&^_U?@^5.S_
M`+OM^)

M_@J=H5WF3P_^PI_P4K\662GRY-2\.?LH7=S8Q7(`=[.1[WQG83+=11/#-(@@

M8=


MOGA6T_AG2IYG1Q3IM:.

;3J=JJ/AOP%_P`%4O\`@GW\17CAT?\`:?\`A]H5


M?@%\4UD3XG?#?X0?$990@D'CKP?X
TM=JG+$0


MVF9\Y_*^+$Y1C


MH@;Q9.CC=M
EW&L+QB)I)C/&ZTW_`.N/PLT76-,L?B7^S'^VO\`S7YK75[


MQCN!
1($B+`R!EK_`(B#PB_X6:SQ/;ZGEF;8V_I]4P%:[NU&RN^;W?BT+_XB
MEP++^#G53%]E@
GSS
&_**P.68AR=WRVC=N?N?'[I^KE%?E)_P`-^?M7ZA^]
M\/\`_!
KXR7-LG[N9_$?QG^$OA.Z6?[VVROI;J2YM_+9#]J1U0R%XMNZ,DH
M/VN/^DNJ`0V'_!

M$P1)#-'*/

79I-N+L
M?\1






RS.GYJKED)+9
M1;O87%W$^+2_LOPVXD49).&(S[-.%\DPLD[6;IT
ZS?-Z5K^\JV44YIZ*


M7P_A\3W:7
4A

M\\0_%'XD^.O']_J
B;SYM[9^(/%UUH4CR/+++
(]'B261\R(P2)8_KGP+^S_



M@IIW_@;;?_':7]@\68G_`'[CK$89/XH\.\/9-EL;=5%YY#BFK!/:ZJ^T2?NS

Z\(O575=U(IWA4C-*:



4?M#_`/!4^U`EN/\`@G9\
M42W`DGM-
_



M3JTVUK=2]X_

ME&%*F.61G$K%D4`H24'_``41^-=@3#X@_P9_[:]M=L!+$GAWPWX4\66;6S

MZJ\7P_A^)^?U.WUOA_@FKOOS?5.'L!=I_#R\J2TDIO5_EKJO_!433K/_BI_
M^?7_!2C038W6GW.K:@G[

\L5L-LQ:


EGX.T?Q^/




M!X@T&_TS:)&CUC4CH=FZPRL=BB-I/O[P%\9_A!\5-)77OAG\4_AY\0-&*QDZ
MGX


L')1:;ABL+1DEJU8]+K.LO^/G6/^PC%_Z:


M_P@IIW_`(&VW_QVC^V-)_ZFG?^!MM_\=H`-'_Y!.E_]@ZR_P#2:*M&N?TK
M5=

MO_`VV_\`CM`&C16=_;&D_P#04T[_`
#;;_X[1_;&D_\`04T[_P`#;;_X[0!H

M4B'R(XFF:9EA6





T!_&K0:C^T)^T+K/QSU3XJZ%\:(/VM-3;X



MZGK%S9^&O#GA_0;?3M&L?5J*N
G%2E!1A3JSHU)PC&,8NI0P]/4Y1BDE!O







:&&S/`8W!SQ.7T
3A95J+M6E&=*4^KB'Z/&+S.AA

#ALSP2Q4Z

M.'KNG53G2YH34/E[0?\`@D?_`
$Z/#B(FG_LN^$+A4AD@!U[Q%\0?%+E)9A.


\89BSL[,Q^JX)X;F&.XMIHKB9!)
M%/!(DL
J














MC@?]9\AS2&#PN=?MS17C7P$_:!^$7[3?PRT#XO?!+QII?CCP-XAC(@UP=HK
MS3-0B2-KW0O$&E7QZCH'B#33+&FH:/JEO;7MOYD
WEO;7%M/-[+7UV'Q&'Q

FS

Q&79KE&:X2O@

M`T:***`BBB@`HHHH`SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_])HJT:SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_])HJT:`

1(!

M\_\`XA?\$L/V

MPM/%X0$KS1Q3F6Y\+W


M


M$L[_`+NXN`(++]IW_@IYH\NHZ=J'_!+_`
/^
=1MKX17_B+PK^VI\'_#GAS4

M.-.T#\QO^&K_`/@IC_TB8_\`-\/@#_\`
Y1_PU?_`
%
?^D3'_F^'P!_^9RO

?^IO$?_1V?$#_`
-OA7_]+0_+7_AJ_P#X


M/_S.52D_:M_X*6G4;5S_`


*OCO\`\%&_BC^T+X
^)7[/OP6\

3^*28HO#&H272K
M:VHTFZTB&\FEU)+S]`X1\$.-^+:&)QT?%'.^'



M7T




M1YHR/=R#.

MFJ^PTGRSC&491DX_`?_``WU^TS_`-(POVI?_!YX!_\`DZ@?\%#?CEIY*^(O
M^9O[9]JTH!M/^$;T7PCXN5U7(F^UO9:U9K8
I
7DI)YAN`TI78(3N_4NBOE
MO]7N)UJN/\VD^BJ9)PO*#_Q*GE%*;ZM6J1UU=U[K^U_U6XQ6L?$[/)/HJO#O






DUJP`05^C?@CPQX

MC


M&:THU))M1GFM1P32C).\I98'@GB6O@\+#B;Q*XLS'&1H4HXR&34N'N&\NJUX
MQ2JU
-_9F14\ZHPJR3DHU

MQL
`ULMV)+B.Q\<ZC<ZGXFG&\)#;RW5HKQPPERC/=SJA_PZ=^

MPI1IQ7NQA&.AU?\`$
.#*O\`R
LOQW$#?QKBGB#B'BBG/:ZEA^(
TS'J#M_
MA1C1BO=C3C'0^&O`?\`P30_8(^&Y@;PU^RI\(KF2V$7D3^
?#Q^)%U$\`(B
MF6Z^(MSXIN?M*'#BZ












J



=T\$37$9B_:&_

#G&3Y7FN!K3E4K8/

ME*4&VM&VCT
#FV:97B(8O+


MQDDGJD?'LW[$GPETR:6[^&VO_%/X.7TC-*)_AM\1=?TV+SFP6\RTUB76X'MY
M6`\^UC$
;QYBC


M+/#



\D
MR7BVO*
59*.8Y]@



\93C

M&V`PTI?Q


M




WP2^(FIB+5])M


UP/\`:&*P




)64J.)H4JL907QF=Y#G/

PTZN%Q--JK0JU






M7AIG\N'N+



MT:`BBB@`HHHH`SK+_CYUC_L(Q?^FG2ZT:SK+_CYUC_L(Q?^FG2ZT:`BBB@
M`HHHH`SM4_X]HO\`L(Z/_PG:RK1K.U3_CVB_PPCH__`*=K*M&@`HHHH`**
M**`LZR_X^=8_PPC%_Z:=+K1K.LO^/G6/\`L(Q?^FG2Z`-&BL[5]7TG0-
O
MM:UW5-.T31M




MYYGF+G'*
@RS#8C-N(\ZJ0^*GE.1Y?3Q&8XR
&TL1B84%@L%%^VQV)PM!2JQ
M^XO'?Q`\$?##PU?^
?B'XKT+P9X7TU0;S6_$.HVVF6*2
KM%;1R7#H;F]N/+



M`JJ`J@``5])];X+X3TRZA1X[SZ&CS/
\-B





PQ&)QN(
94J4



M&DL

2$C*QIVU?!UZ<*5:M2IUZ6)A3JU*<,305:-'$0A-QC7HQQ-'#XB-*
MJDJE-5Z%LH22JT:<^:$?T[#59U\/0K5<-6P=2M1I5:F$Q
L/+$86=2$9SPU

C+XA_[#FK?^E]Q


?AOQEX^T'PQJOB;PCK.L^%9K


MK3PU6E.KF.-GB(U:4_K3Q$OK/M5&C^:T'[#GQ570]6\?77QY^&LG[7-]^TK
MIO[4NG_%2Q_9WUW2_P!G_2?'VF?`Z/\`9?&DG]G*W_:;QUJ_AK4O@')JFAZ


@.P!PQS^CG]CZ3_T
M]._\`K;_P-5^=OB;_E*;^R%_V8!_P4D_\`6BO^4E?I'61!G?V/I/_`$]
M._\``*V_^-4?V/I/_0+T[_PMO\`XU6C10!G?V/I/_0+T[_PMO_`(U1_8^D
M_P#0+T[_`

S
268DDDDDDFN@K.T?_D$Z7_V#K+_TFBH`\M^)


M;8+3X@0V\?'F1L-;OI3)+







SA#Y5Q;%:JG0H4LIX@K2_=X?A_$QA+$
M2^NM5TK3(]+U*2/3;.2.PO'1TL[=71UMY&5T98PRLK`%6!!!`(((J__`&/I

HR34DFC._L?2?^@7I

?@7^UYX`3P5\3O#G



M_P#`*V_^-4?V/I/_`$]._\``*V_^-5HT4`9W]CZ3_T]._\`K;_`.-50DTK

M':I_Z4Z/0`?V/I/_`$]._\``*V_^-4?V/I/_0+T[_PMO\`XU6C10!G?V/I
M/_0+T[_PMO_`(U1_8^D_P#0+T[_`,`K;_XU6C10!G?V/I/_`$]._\``*V_

M!6W_`
:H_L?2?^@7IW_@%;?_`!JM&B@#G[/2M
:XU56TVP98[^-(PUG;D1H=
M+TV0H@

MG2ZT:`


M^#I+6MC


CCC5G=WL[541


MRVTVU:7^QM(1[NZ

M#Q&XXM')L)5\

(N


TW3-/M8\^7;65A9VT-K:P)D[8H(D1220N2:Z2BOG
^

MC


7['+\'A*C2CG?V/I/\`T]._P#`*V_^-4?V/I/_`$]
M._\``*V_^-5HT5\X?7&=_8^D_P#0+T[_`,`K;_XU532M


M/_0+T[_PMO_`(U1_8^D_P#0+T[_`,`K;_XU6C10!G?V/I/_`$]._\``*V_
M^-4?V/I/_0+T[_PMO\`XU6C10!G?V/I/_0+T[_PMO_`(U1_8^D_P#0+T[_
M`
`K;_XU6C10!S^E:5IDFEZ;))IMA)))86;N[V=NSN[6\;
[LT99F9B2S$DD
MDDDDU?\`['TG_H%Z=_X!6W_QJC1_^03I?_8.LO\`TFBK1H`SO['TG_H%Z=_X
M!6W_`
:H_L?2?^@7IW_@%;?_`!JM&B@#._L?2?\`H%Z=_P`5M_\:H_L?2?^
M@7IW_@%;?_&JT:*`//;N&&WU'488(HX8DN(=D42+'&N[3[)FVH@55W,Q8X`R
MQ)/))J&K6H_\A74_^OBW_P#3=8U5H`****`OCOQ/_R




M`^L:#\











M7QMJW[+^M?#_`%*\\5_LN^.)?A9JES


/0@G
V5[;S6EY9W<
M,=S:W=K<QM#<6US;S*\,]O/[Q30RH\<L;LCJRL0?R`U+_@GC\9/V=_&'CKX
MC_\`!-?X]0?!2'7_`!
?$6N_LI_%;3)?%W[*_B+5+C2]
GU!?#]AI\/_``E'



MR_X*%_!'Q=^QEX_U&Y;3M(^(6I.?''[




M!7

M9]U73O`__!2?]GO7_P!G*]N;RWTC3?VB?AU%JGQ



J\
M*5JF)R^EC_[3R_F5+
L#@\0IT8]56=+_`
A:R_[!VJ?^E.CUHUG2_P#(6LO^




MV3OV??VJ_P!K^\



YIN
)-?JUH_P#R=+_`.P=9?\`I-%6C7X_:9\6?^R'Q6L


M8M3%=S6R6URWEWLMMLD9/+]`_P
O[$:A:Z_\`%?0_BQ^TOXLMS1^+/VB


*\-$_:.]DOJ?T7


MOCF_NP^05DG6;0H'MX9(974B4!7GQ7_P6=^+39T/X4?L;?LCZ%=;//7XC^.?











MX@TC2]=TJ[1H[K3-8L+34]/N8W5D9+BRO8I[:9&1W1EDB92K
I!#$%_V5Q7A
M_P#=.*Z&+2VCGO#^%Q
Y+LZN28OAZ




MU80R2











M$FJ6W@N6SU#P6MQ;L/M%E#XWM];@D\ZRO]/6++/VWP:_X)R?\%`OV?M/O+#X


OD



MAJL\*%([S7=9NGN-8UZ_5&*^UB^O;I8R(EE6)50?G9_PSC_`,%;?^DD?PE_
M\0\\$_\`R\H_X9Q_X*V_])(_A+_XAYX)_P#EY7/G?BOQ3G6$CE4..(



M`


MCQ9A
.G^]Q/U7*


M*I0JJ]Z.)HW5;#5XM-3HUX4ZL&FI035C\OXV\.N.O#?

M*R]YK@:M#9M@I*+IYCDN8I3R[.\LK1G5#
\IQ6

M'Q85G2_\A:R_[!VJ?^E.CUHUG2_\A:R_[!VJ?^E.CT`:-%%%`!1110`4444`
M9VC_`/()TO\`[!UE_PDT5:-9VC_`/()TO\`[!UE_PDT5:-`!1110`5Q_CO
MQ_X


MF^NY`8[:WE?Y:\.^







MF75VH8'*JDHRA/B;-HT\KA:I_9U'.\71GE[\3_96_::^-/QY^)?C^W\;?#F'

MA:%+*
#B*V+HTWAZ

_PP'I/_`*06];E`





T



Q

M%_P4C?
=]?1/E?VB?^4P`\R*X23;ASN3=L8A692R(5_1S^R[;_GKJ/_`(.-
M6_\`DVOSM\3?\I3?V0O^S`/^DG_`*T5_P`$I*_2.L3(SO[+MO\`GKJ/_@XU
M;_Y-H_LNV_YZZC_X.-6_^3:T:*`
[^R[;_GKJ/\`X.-6_P#DVC^R[;_GKJ/_


MUU'_`
'&K?\`R;6C10!S^JZ;;QZ7J3K)?EDL+QP'U74Y$)6WD(#QR7C1R*2/
MF1U9&&592I(-_P#LNV_YZZC_`.#C5O\`Y-HUC_D$ZI_V#KW_`-)I:T:`
[^R



^([_\`9N^(?PDFDUC]E_QY

M47DUT/@G]I?PA=ZY!X#^




M

MLME;KS]D\`^.Y3]HTO`9DL]



%.CG_#F.P^SSA#B;#4Y*4




M`````

UR;(Z3WHY3@:^;8R-_Y





MKQC:+:;_`.)C^

HO#PZX5\
?6BK*C6X#X#RJIQ'AE'X/JOB#QJ^,?$O#..
M]Z'&4'4FHU*OM*D(3C\)?/_`()D_L&?`^6WO/A[^S)\.+;6+9Q-!XD\3VNI




M&H)^5$544855@`7_PR[;_GKJ/_`(.-6_\`DVC1_P#D$Z7_`-@ZR_\`2:*M
M&NX^6




QMKMS(C/7U__`!#7

M[PV\_P-IO\`ASX*X9SSB'+:M]FN(\)@5PM2C*ZY)8G/*$)J\H2E&,G'[JL]
M-MVN-5!DOP([^-%VZKJ:D@Z7IKY=EO`TC;G(#R%G!(PPCC15O-IMHBL[SZ@
MB*I9F;6=55551EF9C?`!0`222``






DGE.D.DGQ`=3




:
]DJRM=OZKXSYA_$SCPVX6@_B

\1%=51QN*SS@K#PFMHU*V4XB'5X=WLOSX_X;&^(WBD[?A/\`L._M
M7^)?


PJS':H\3?\%(


MEL78?8;VT47+A%DN#NWH_P!&_!']D+X'_`


M81T?_P!.UE6C7'F7'G$F99?6RB-?+\HRC$24L5EG#F2Y/PWA
;RJ/)'
UDF!




ML]74:?ZK1M`O;BY?Q[\-=/8+']IU#1+G7]9N1&L7VR&$A4_8:BO#S/AO)\UK






MW[0_P@U#Q+\:_P!FW43)






%V(KRM[V-X,X@S-\=\
M*T)SYZF*QV2\7\:TJ7/&GEG!UC2C1?Z3?V7;?\`/74?_!QJW_R;533;<:I
M9IYE_M:PU)R3JNIEP4N-*`R&\



M+AXNK!\5Y7B


HP:7-]:XJRI8;!

U6Y1Y(34HN7W'_9=M_P`]=1_\'&K?_)M']EVW_/74?_!Q


M\SA0P\.:2A!.56M5DVJ=##T8)U

H

`T]U=W.HQP0Q[F5

M


M/4)J]##YW5+%4_T'VWGAX[8-Y7QUQQ3WQ\Z=/
.!N&*ZLFL#AZT70XSS?#
MR32QN*IOA3#5(WPN%XCIRHXZCXS\(_V?/AG\%-&GTSP5IE_'J&I.+GQ)XJU'

UI9VYFEW^N?V7;?\]=1
M_P#!QJW_`
FUHT5\3F&8X_-L;B
QS/&8C'X[%3=3$8O%U9UZ]:=DDYU)MR:C
M%*$(IJ



I1C2C7E*
:


M4&W&27HE%?(=A^W5^S3JGPFUOXR6/BCQ[/X=\-^/+?X6:]X+_P%?M`Q_'[






M`(*;^


]K.GG69Y1EN0SYKW7+FCT]Z5HM2?



/NV
MEQK.I66P-M;;NQG:V
X./D?Q)^TK_P`$_?C+)KW@WQW\7O@AXDMX;^+R)?$N
MOV&DVUL;G2M.C:YT#Q?J#Z9;V\NZ%XIKW0=;22%D



BOXTCTV\^&/@JYL(T.F:7(42SFT1[=%
@$A58P-XW8W


M*=\/5Q]./-RMU'RV?5@
+FN5U?#?A3'8.JJ]!8+
^
\]QE.HHOE^K
M9]A\+P;5P56
G_O



MZ\*0:Q:^#?C=X8U_X`^.IR(XK+QTJ/X/U64

MW@Q133NI)Q/$O_!.S]BGQ67.J?L]^[7S"W_-3^(?!@&/*^X/!^M:$(A^Y





M\
Z=
_[T_:X/A_=3'
(8AX1.?GS5/C[_`


M#@






M.\+7I1KT
3E''O!6-A5P\X*I'$*E#/HXJGAW3DJBKUL/3I.%YJ7*FU^
5O%G
MA;!5*E#.


?A=\
/$G

M:$
ZQJ99YW2*






M^19X7X#+8RVEQGQ[EV6U*:[SH\(9/QY3G-+54X8M1FTH.O33=2/NOBS]K7]F

FGKX\\.W^K*NYTW'2-


MKQXPUS-_P#K?*^@?7[*?[


?%I\WX]?'#]HSX_P#G$&]T+QG\4=6T/P1*#_K(K/PMX/&BMIUO
M-D^9#!JS9!^1D(R?H7X??LF_LT?SR)/`GP-^&NAWEMM\C5V\+Z=JWB/9C;

M;JSY

7_IITNM&@`HHHH`****`
[5/^/:+_L(Z/_Z=K*M&L[5/^/:+


MZM^T;\`M$WKJ7QG^&


JT8



MN



SAWYJ6?9YEU;F7_`#[C3E5;]V
)3:B_L6BOCH7_`.W;KN/L^@_LW^!+


M(_AWE=OBC#


M.S'A_P`..(\LXJX:\8


^*'@KX:VGQ]\!Z='K&G^%/&^HW'@W5OC3X/C6X





AKX7BG/
33=FN6AEN+64


-WIMVNKV
MGN_P3_9O\#_!@W^NQ3ZEXV^)GB(&7QC\5/%\[ZGXO\174NUKA5NKF2X.D:6T





MX:.&=6I'EJ5Y^WIN


M1)QMA
#A\OI4.2


MG2I8)+#TZD*






\EA%(IW$




A=W
MZLZR_X^=8_[
7_`*:=+H`/L5S_`-!C4?\`OUI/_P`JZ/L5S_T&-1_[]:3_



M3M]*^//PC\9:WY


_#3$U:LZV)RK)J6&S#

\9CL534J
_P!%I^(V*S.C
-=`N?5U9N3@Q7

M1(C95Q%?RJI4Y;:

(_.\)?$?2/%
.Q9/-\.ZWX3UN/8P)5]^F
M6UTNQ@5;.`2#Q6]KGAGPWXGMA9^)?#^A^(;
$D6NN:38:M;`L1!?V]Q$







M/]3.&

M?^@QJ/\`WZTG_P5='V*Y_Z#&H_]^M)_^5=?)9^-/[3WA8[?&_[+$WBTC4M

M&8%4F_X6)\

M_@N:=JB\0.&N)N`Z%.6E[X_BW*
HRRK!7TKX?&UL--)RIUIQ38?\0GXYKZY1


M_E77QOI'[=7P



MC:]^6M0RO`\/5-=(\G$+OJW:-I2^C?$OB_PAX

MZ(A&
Y5M2MK8-D8P%R3D8SD5\]:W^V;^SUI5R=.TWXH:QXSU@LRPZ/X%\
77
&K8V7




T$4KNKW_\`AH;X

M?_*:D_X6W^URWS1_LBZJ8V^:

MN`Y-[_6
W\4II:?95#Q%PK3;NWS.:V22LV_BT?$/]LR7]ZG[..C6B29=+6Z^


MQPOO?S7P'AG@WKK[E_9*^E-6CRO_`%[R:/\`\*_#FD^_P#QGN(]W^6V,X[Q
M*Z)\UO:.VLVI24OA[4=6_;LN+99H_'P-TZ
WNG(EGJ7B?6=0N5F.H6J12M+
MINF6MLT?GE)%`E#1JI








MS()#N_MN?4-_S``;]V(\Q#$3


M`\R6VD1QEE\PJ-JHFU0Q4R-)(_:UG67_`!\ZQ_V$8O\`TTZ77W.6\-\.Y+R_

)#'IF]0MQI0**!IHC*R%E9
MRR
X



MC.4




\C-4Z\?T+A#B#ASP=XDRGB_).*\XXDXV


NK8

MX-&\;?'/2KJRFFU;Q-\
;R^O;[PC'':Q6H?7?^$1U22]T?4DUIK3339Z)K6F
M:'^B?@?]C/X'^#+BZU:[T6\^(?BK4AG5O&7Q5?3?B'XCU.4@!IY;CQ)I5[9V

MX4W6WC?X4^-[9HKBTOK&[MY;6YU#PYJ%S:VD?B3PW)=PV^J6\
-S;36&M6&E


MF08K*
-@\UXI\





MF_M4XX=0E=\T7=W^)K'PQ^W!X=TZP;1/B=\&/B-9+9VQ2/Q?X2U+P;JLENT

M$#P-XC

7`=`\Y$RR!%PT4A/V%H_\`R=+_PP=9?^DT5:

RH%

M4T5M17S

MN'

JQ&01VJQ]BN?\`H
:C_P!^M)_^5=?*=W^P]\!([B6]
M\(V'C/X::C
=SZA\/?'WBG1)]_RX:.[U#4['&U





MQ#F:80K(^=/LB-P@BAB&T$*-D2_*H+;FRQAKSOX?:
M;\6=*CU^T^+GB;PEXLU=-4M_[
U;PMHEWH?G6']EV.3J=I/
]LMUYA`1+*)(
MD169Y9FD58?1*_2
FS&KF^68/


5

OB'_L.:M_











C`*7B-Q9RRI'





M);ZKILHBU+1[PJ-QLM5L[.[52&:``@GR
XX1SK)L/'
*E&CF&359^SH9]D^(
MIYGDM:;LXTGCL*YPPF)::;P&81PF84UI6PE.2:7A9_P'Q%P_A(YK5P^'S3AZ

!FM+6-?`TIJ45WU9VC_\`
M()TO_L'67_I-%6C6=H__`=+_[!UE_Z315\R?&FC1110`4444`9VL?\@G5/

MO_33I=:-9UE_Q\ZQ_P!A&+_TTZ70!HT444`%%%%`!6=+_P`A:R_[!VJ?^E.C
MUHUG2_\`(6LO^P=JG_I3H]`&C1110`4444`%8_B'0-)\5:'J_AK7K4WVB:[I

O$[QL2CL#L45CB

Z=2G.
9PG2E24HM-
M)GFOPH^&O@CX6^$K;0?`6A1^'M'O7CUJYL(+W4KR!M3O;&SBNKJ



8IRD
MVDDVSI:*^*M5_;-T;Q1J-QX:_9P^'?C']H7Q'#*;6XU3P_;/X;^&VCW1.T)K




ZHY









M7R_
*$
3A
3#DK49W2:34H3A.+C.E5I3C&K1K4I0JT:L(5:4X5(1DOI.$.+^
M).`N)

MA'8:]H/A+]-J^
OVS_V


MQ



MIY9SXC
/#;

13P&/J8CAG$Y3FR_271_^03I?_8.LO\`TFBK1K.T?_D$Z7_V

MG[==S\+?_[6/_!.[XGZC\/B=XV^)?PZ^./BW4-7^+WPJ_8X^._QXUOP!\%







MD^?9QP_B98K)LQQ.7UJD'2KJA4_<XJ@_BP^-PTU/#8WSNU4
MPN+I5L/43:G3DG8]W(.)^(.%L7/&\/YMC
JKU:;HXA8:K_L^-P\K\^$S#!U%


M*WA

9O7/.$

MJC][B3@7#X=Y;5F]/:YGP-BZ^$R]2E)ISGPUFW#V%H4XMT\FQ-66OT#Y6K?\



3<J.VJR*C%<A7
M

MO^?W3O\`P5W/_P`N*/*U;_G]T[_P5W/_`
N*T:*`
[RM6_Y_=._\%=S_`/+B


MG?\`@KN?_EQ6C10!S^E1ZF=+TTQWE@L9L+


M*
TA+J[[PKB.._Y6K?\`/[IW_@KN?_EQ19?\?.L?]A&+_P!-.EUHT`9WE:M_
MS^Z=_PNY_^7%'E:M_S^Z=_X*[G_P7%:-%`&=Y6K?\_NG?^NY_P#EQ1Y6


MKBZ.`RO`XO


(YKG3;VW?S;:^C<KM[KX?\`['?PO\
:VGC?

HKQLJF5M



M?$[PW\3[5[=]%LM(\3:IX@LK*W\
:QJ45BOC'3]1NC9OI%L^J6D*Z_I6C7-O


MG4C:44S[#P_XXSWPVXTX;XYX;KNCF_#6:X7


M3G$F/S?

'+CKA+BS&3P
MU#GJ0H_7
3BJRA**G5G*CAY4OR2;]@C]N/5

$TY@8D9H7$N8%#UV_X)=_%35^/%G_!4?\`X*(W

26T:&&-7Q;QFOUUHK?_4K



FHKXU

5SJ8TN/1_
GMW\N2%[?[
HD@B+K(`ZNG_#DK]B'4
_\`9:)
M\3?B*9R/[3;QM\;_`(VWQUI(\WBU3^ROB/HXFCM$CMXK?R!;.D=K;AG=D9G


MH\0










7M*5&52G&JE=TY5(*:BY1O\A^)O\`E*;^R%_V8!_P4D_]:*_X)25^D=?F


MM+


MY2RCY2N%+AGA[-4JG#/%F!C4FW;)N+%'AW

WR
MRM4LIRP%!-QA
^#N%





?A[4I\[(K?PS9Z[XMDN)F56CA@?PUI.JP
\K.L:

ML5K)I'V/9?\`'SK'_81B_P#33I=:-?#-C^T%^U%J-UJLOAO]B/Q'=V;7L4C/
MXE^-/@+P;?1DZ?90I&^GZGILY
A$!F98KB7RXI8&8_OEK1_X63^W#?8%M^S3


M;]=UOXGZJJQG`%FRZ(B
;M=X+7YM(90O



MP`^$?P3M'@^'?@S3-(O[E&74O$=P'U3Q5J[2.)9VU3Q)J+7.K7233@SM:_:4

JJ;@32;I&^B


1'V6(R/A:E6P




MG6/^PC%_Z:=+H`T:***`BBB@`K.E_YUE_V#M4_]*='K1K.E_YUE_V#M4_
M]*='H`T:***`BBB@`HHHH`SM'_Y!.E_]@ZR_P#2:*M&L[1_^03I?_8.LO\`
MTFBK1H`****`BBB@#@=1_YNI_]?%O_`.FZQJK5K4?^0KJ?_7Q;_P#INL:J



JM/*LIR:%:
JE*
MI&;IX7(LLKT:.
AC*%/'1QU25.IA


M_P#/'NJ:C\(/B1JWPP\$17_`($_9C^%C^+?#7PT/QILOA==+I=[\3O&_PG

MRT^R**VC7DL.\




M2Y_^4]:-%`&=YNK?\^6G?^#2Y_\`E/1YNK?\^6G?^#2Y_P#E/6C10!S^JR:F

B-I4:NP7)5#)&&(`+J#N%_S=6_Y\M._P#!
WGT62&:-APT<B,K#J#7RSXN_8N^7B74?[?T;P-%\
/%:-(UKXL^
M$?BW5_A]K%F\I#226]OHVE)H)E=U5VFN-%GEW@D.-\@?[`HKV
HXASW(*LZN




7Q`\)6L0(N/&G@*\@^)O@F.

@SARTE


M6Q;IX`^(7@/7+ZZV^3HC^)+C2?$C%@

9%
81B[+&0[.FPJ@DD\N^)'[-7P(^

['=O;Q'H4FFZXY#_`#A9+]XR^2R-N8-X


_P`]X=F]98+/
JI9U0@F]%2SC)JN&K8A
MJ_O*IP]@TDN:

MC%23TFJOF7Q44IPG4E)TX?:?FZM_P`^6G?^#2Y_^4]'FZM_SY:=_P#2Y_^
M4]?'A_9

M@$/[
'QE4%HOVS/C
CS=6_P?+3O_``:7/_RG
MKX\_X9V_:2_Z/9\;?^&J\!?_`!ZC_A1O[8*_+'^W
XC7Y8Q+^S3\+YI`@X42
M3-JH:5PN`\C`%VRQ`)Q1_JMP]+X?$K@^-M_;99X@P3_P^QX(Q#;[\RBMK-ZV





?$

M


M;Z.4(Y;QO*
7]J
:K=M%43]Y?'2_MMVVK_+X$_9[_:'^(N?W=_H/PZU:UT7
M'+![C5-:@TT6R2(DWD%[=C++'Y(LZFKR?'3]J_Q`-OA;]CFZTB&3`35O'_Q
M@\(Z-';L=H#7&@6EC/J\J*2SMY

M`#WB+
:B?1M91C^'


V

M_'?BGQ'$HA1D$ZR22^'L&(Q1R+#+
1*LSI)L:(!Y^`'[5?B`G_A-OVO];6VD

M\-#]A[PAJH!^(/C[XW_%


M;/B



IZ
M-4_X]HO^PCH__IVLJT:`

798R'9TV%4
M$DG05G67_'SK'_81B_\`33I=`!YNK?\`/EIW_@TN?_E/1YNK?\^6G?\`@TN?


M7C

M\^6G?^#2Y_\`E/1YNK?\^6G?^#2Y_P#E/6C10!S^E2:F-+TT1V=@T8L+
(SZ

M_P#8.LO_`$FBK1H`SO-U;_GRT[_P:7/_`
IZ/-U;_GRT[_P:7/\`\IZT:*`

M6@`HHHH`*^._$_\`R
OB'_L.:M_Z7W%?8E?'?B?_`)&7Q#_V'-6_]+[B@#ZH
M\


MHHH`****`LZR_X^=8_[

MHHH`SM'_`.03I?\`V#K+_P!)HJT:SM'_`.03I?\`V#K+_P!)HJT:`BBB@`H
MHHH`SK+_`(^=8_[
7_IITNM&LZR_P/G6/^PC%_Z:=+K1H`****`BBB@#.
MU3_CVB_[.C_`/IVLJT:SM4_X]HO^PCH_P#Z=K*M&@`HHHH`****`LZR_X^
M=8_[,7_`*:=+K1K.LO^/G6/^PC%_PFG2Z`-&BBB@`HHHH`*SI?^0M9?]@[




+7^-O_``N[_A67_T/^&(_#O\`PZX_
MX6/_`,(E_P`)[_PW!_PF?QY_M_\`X9_M_\`XJ'_`(:)_P$F_X9)W?\*Z_X
MKC_D0OLG^@?::^J?^@_QG7Q#^S7^T3\*?AI\6K+X??$CX4:C^S)'^TAXKU7


E

M-`\:Z_X&\1^./BG\




MB-:=&337/&AB\1@:S47:2Y
7A


X1G






M2HH`^(M0^


ML16P&
CAO:*/UF.&K5:'M*5.4U52
J



Q?_`(=2@J4
*@+L8.')+)L`?[=K\U_$?_!4
MS]G3PQ\$_P!J[XXZCX8^+LEC^R!\3?B!\+?'?@&V\






)]4U?3;%9[R&9R4(2G)2:A&4FH0G4FU%-M1ITXRG.5E[L(1E.3M&,6VDZ
MC%SE&*Y4Y244Y2C*;=ES3FXPC&[UE*2C%:R:2;/C;3_`(P?\%0(;QA7]C3
M]@IUBL[:-7/_``4G_:%0N$A10Q0?\$I7%@

O


EW4JD)
M1GI1K5L/6IU(2IU*5?#59T*]&I3FHSIU*-:G4I5(2BI1G46DT?%O\`PN7_
M`(*@_P#1F7[!/_BRG]H7_PE1T?\+E_X*@_]&9?L$_\`BRG]H7_Z5'7VE14`
M?%O_``N7_@J#_P!&9?L$_P#BRG]H7_Z5'1_PN7_@J#_T9E^P3_XLI_:%_P#I
M4=?:5%`'Q%;?&#_@J`DVH,/V-/VF


MJ
D_AG3K8;$4

M+_\`2HZ/^%R_\%0?^C
OV?_`!93^T+_`/2HZ^TJ*1)\6_\`Y?^H/_`$9E
M^P3_`.+*?VA?_I4='_Y?^H/_1F7[!/_BRG]H7_`.E1U]I44`?$5]\8/^H

JX/_!*5

C.I\6_
M\+E_X*@_]&9?L$_^+*?VA?\`Z5'1_P`+E_X*@_\`1F7[!/\`XLI_:%_^E1U]
MI44/BW_`(7+_P`%0?\`HS+]@G_Q93^T+_\`2HZ/^%R_\%0?^C,OV?_`!93



M%R_\%0?^C
OV?\`Q93^T+_]*CH_X7+_`,%0?^C,OV?_%E/[0O_`-*CK[2H



M1J/@TC[]6G0C[U6I9QBOLP=6CA_:U)?#1H_6
3AL.Z]64**Q&)PU!S57$483


M_Y?^H/_1F7[!/_`(LI_:%_^E1T?\+E_PH/\`T9E^P3_XLI_:%_\`I4=?


M2HZ^TJ^6_P!JG]KGX9?L?Z#\

MMX'\=_$GQ%\2/B%/KOB/PZ-'^&/@/P/\./%?B7QMKVE#7=6T?2;![V'P_?6T

'AZN*Q



R_8)_

/C;\6/#WP&^#/






MMRL/PQ_R+7A[_L!Z3_Z06];E`!1110`4444`?%VE_#'X^^+OVS-'^./Q'\/?
;@GS2O5G4J.4Y.525U8HHHI$!1110!\J?MH?L[K^U3\)




MS_X)U?%S]G'XA_LW?$Y/VO\`XN_&W5?A_H7Q0\&?%SP;\5K+X$Z'X$O_``]\


'@V
MV^

M;5I*
EVX7


JU71FG%UH
M4*JM.C!JGI]N]II]C:R%6DMK.VMY&0DH7AA2-RA958J64E2RJ2
94'BKE8=S






G&
TI)N$N91DD[N
G4)J,EH^6496?NR3LU\P_LA?
M+QU\%_@Q_P`(U\3KCPE)\0?%7Q4^/?QF\86'@/4M8UWP;X;UWX^?''XA?&N^

S
MZ#KVC:Q%`VGZI8W$Y<^)_#5GXCTGP==^(=#M?%VOZ/KOB'0OUSJUA!XCUK0


MQK.J1Z;J&L2:;I4

MU:Z;T5KIJ]]KIJ_1B[OHDY/LE%-R;[))-M]$FV?'_P`!OAA\?1^T/\=/VB/C


MJ;3/$/BJ[^-\^ER^!-)\&ZYIOARW\+17Z^/O$
NO/8Z)]H5QGC+XC?#WX=6A

?L:$(N26O)3]G3E5J<J44YU:D)5&EFJM:


#A
%@*%&%M.3!X&E@
*FW*JX*C4Q-2KB*\ZU7?




MXPT_1[2S\0:UI

M_82JNK&G)1DJ4I8K

945!M7HPK8K
\97KPI.


7)2**Q?$GB3P[X-\/:[
MXN\7Z]HOA7PIX6T?4_$7B;Q/XDU2QT/P]X=\/Z+9S:CK&N:[K6ISVNFZ1H^D

M$_&;XT?L]7WB.^US0]97XF:!\.?&_P`%OV:OA!^SSK6D0Z5K5CJ6A_!+X)VD

)TL50J.2BH_
M6.:AC
1%/%O$4,-4E'%X2EA\=3IXJ*JKVM*-4I*FJT*TXQE*U1TJM#$4HM

1AJ%64\
&*,,=S.%%C0%CR2%49/<\U-110VVVVVVVV


+
M/??$W0-^$Z:3XEU_3M5UJR\7UL_%\UUI^JZ]J6@Z1^@]%%;5:]6O[!UZE2
52K/WILS;O*
M3LHISG*




M/@WX%?&CXF_M!^(/B#\4]=^&WCCX0V_B#Q7XU\=_L_\`[

M:I#X.TOP9\1+[QWXC\3:1K%UXM\#V/@%]$\??H%116U6M*KR)J

M2I*K5J2E.4I2G4J3E)WERTX\EC&EAJ-C3XJ5*-&-.$95)0HT*&%P\*DY5(




M+F;7)OVTHK*K&AB
OJX*O1YZM:.8TYXI5:JG*CF&$PN%DI1G*HY58.A7QD:D



MH;XBP:U^T[X4U*WO/C==_P#!+K_@E'^T1XZT/1-`T1+'XI:=:_%7]L'Q_P#&


7U_H.N64VG:K8V_B#













MN

MG1J7A&4)8W&87%SJ2K5*N_LV.GE]?*
)6E\[?L+?M1:?\`%[X#?LAZ!\1O

M;7%C?PUHXTB:V:\

O@S]H?]OCXY_!GX^^-?@MX@_9

MVAW%EK=O\

^'_!?AO0/!_A/1M.\.^%O





MVD+7]F+X/:9^W+\

MV1M2T/\`;:^)PUNU^'__``6)\+Z#^U5X`\'_`+*VL^/_`(C?#/X3_MS_`+-_
MP[^&EZEIJ/PUO\`9TGM==\&^&_



:%+#X:O0JU

1B

4Z5/+H4



M*M0YL1)O$NTZ%.%6KKK5@YJLZ]I7PN(_'W]L86WQC^?_``4P^-K6-Y'X


MV]UOQ#XEO-/\/:38:+97?B/Q=KNH^*/%FOW-IIMO;03ZWXG\3:OJWB+Q#JLL

M3Y)2JQ^HX_



MAW\++S_A=D?[+WPY\;_&WP_X$^-7[4DB?#.(_L__``[N_!7C_P`1V'BZ/6/C

W[3GQ
MI^$'[)WP$T[X+?M;_#7P)\+_`(I_M5_\%.M2\2_MU?';XZ_`#]G?PSXTU_PQ

M3QGX/T^QN/WBC^J:BN./-&AB:/-[U?'T,4IIU;*A2PU*A+S4JLJBO5A+$0

/+VM12]Z-?%1P?$F#I8J4&N1UJ




?!EAKVGVV


M\7^(=)M/&GB+Q)]
_MY?%W]K+]EKPI^SUX3T_P#;2\/^#='^+^L_%CQ5X_\`

*_WAHKEJRY\/A*4(4Z56C3
MI4L14C[64<5GB
37=XSJRKTJEZ].
-_\`@EA=_%/P;;_&Z^#
M
G^
*?&'C*XTF;Q;XP\3ZUJW7#%Q56G/ZO2
MA&GC.(L6Z=._)*.<X+-<#A,-%5'.K3AET,TC6C)UJN&4L#3H8#`9;1KQ^J85
M*CJX7#8=VMA,'##QI252=#$UYRX1^M8FO'V\6IRJ\-5<VHSE]8K_`-K8J@Z]
M:KA<'1I1]!HHHKC,@HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`HHHH`****`
MBBB@`HHHH`****`BBB@`KX[\3_\C+XA_PPYJW_`*7W%?8E?'?B?_D9?$/_



+AH8[A3C;$XV&'HQQ


M^F:]H]GH_P`8?[-=-:^'Q\26'B'PUXGUG1U\`ZI9:`/%T/COPC[Y2




7#/


M(7Q.T'X+_#SPUXH^*\?PVCCM+O2_#'AB+X*OXH@\/^`/%OQG\1Z_:?#GQ'X;




/VB--^(U[\#;[7_%X^&_BGQ3X`



M9\/^*/B!X)UK0/$W[.=]\6X?`GB#0+CPK\
9-3TW5K7[J^`?P'U;X`?!/6/A





_:*F\6?MH_%&'X
//B'\(_VO/!'[-G[2?C6[
MU'XH?WPG#X;\5_%?X.:9IOCCX
?!J&W^


OAWQ=I-


XQF4Y_A

M8_\`PEW]O_\`/?\CWX4\,?VA_:'_


Y?B*.7PH8B699]
MEO'!.69S1KX^IC<9A\+#A;*\/0HU
OPN




MCEE!0?)*
LMXA_LC







M


?\`X?(?\$W_`/HX

M('GG_P!

MCM+O2_#'AB+X*OXH@\/^`/%OQG\1Z_:?#GQ'X;2Q_2%AN5ESC
C&:_*






MWHOC'4?,D6GZ5JWQI^+OQ#^+6FPWWA2+Q0\NKV?@^\\=0Z/=1Q^)M*D\3P:
M.]XDGAYM3%MI^U?DC0Q\H*O.I3K9E3P5.@Z*KU\/2Q678B#Q



E\


M%%S\3/VBIO%G[:/Q1A^

-*\
Z;\.=8^'W@67X%67A;X51VGPS^$VM_#?
MP-X;\#^'_?T7IO[('B\^`_B;X;^.OBGHFO?%'XD?'CPE^T)\5/BCX9^&M[
MX3\



M^EF.*5.'[A5

M)X-9UC]G2\^!GQ?^






^R3B+





M2?%G[


2?&S2[_`.&T?PA/AKQ9\4I?!WP_]OTS]N+X
M`3Z[XK\%_P!O_$KQ'XH\!Z%XMU'5=2\)_LQ?M
ZAX.^(=_\`#=?L_P`1-)^`

MC^TH/[
_L'_A7/E_8_[*U#^U/[9W_:M._L_;??E!X:_X(M^$/!%_\7(O`7B?


_C)\

MZ?\`!1K]E

MXF)I!^`^M_`[3_C3::;)\/=.U3QI%XLOO`5MX0E\-:1K.L1Z\UEH^IS6FQ^V
M1XX_:8^&?@+Q#\3O@OXT_9G^'7@3X6?#OQQ\2/B)KWQ_\'?$;XA7'B2?PK8)

M5\

M'CL2\'@\PA_9#S'$5
L-*HWB'B:=)TX4I.G1YZM.6
DL56MAEB*

5A/



MXLKX6M7=2%+*
?@\

J5&5.52/+5Q%6&:YVXQK
M4Z4O98=/(*O#F'QL
&J$7FN`QU6A6KQQ%?&YCS'[(/Q5\;_'']ESX!?&#XEV


MK^P_[;_L6T2U_M'^Q_[2UC^S?M.SS/LG]J7_`).=OVJ7&X^QUKB)PJ8BO4IQ
MAG.M5G%-2C3A4Y2C&$9-RC





ME*-&IC


M:^'Q\26'B'PUXGUG1U\`ZI9:`/%T/COPC[Y2


EGW%65\1SQ$*\*=.@\

MCT3]E/Q?JNC^!?V7-.\._`/X^_$?]IK]H+Q!I5KK.J?$+XG:#\%_AYX:\4?%

MBN-2^
4FB_%&P\)7_AGX@V/[+/[4^J?![3QXV\0/X4T33?B!\;=
^#%W\(/A






M`U?VT9U'1GLYX#&8A3=/V5.GCX8RAA\OP$:2E&\/[/4ZU6I:*JR@JM?&O'

M[Q)/#S:F+;3_`(@^&7_!/K]I;PG\'_$GP^\:_M5?`OQ5\0;CXG^`?VA]`^.W

/Q@T#QAI7AG3?ASK'

M9XIB'#.L'A94*M'$X&NL/6


?`?Q-\-_'7Q3T37OBC\2/CQX2_:$^*GQ1\,_#6]\)^&?
M$/C'PM\6O`'Q`@TSPU\-=2^(_C'4__AVW\(?#7PK\



EBL3A\T^_****R.D****`













U&R\8

Z2

M

MVFHV$(\.:1-:W$UPI24*




_[/?PF^*UQ8^'Q


M;KFC7NJ^&_#/A/X*:EI]MX8TTW_BS4/$/Q:^)7C/X=QVB076JV=C=V4%WI'A
K:K-I?@Z[\4ZJ^F26K6EE<WJW]C8
MYQ]Y)QV=1TDWHG4C#VDXINR:ITK5:TE[M&DU4JN$&I%2A*
JD.5RE35!R4$Y


[ZKX2\!






MFK/#3E&JUJHJ-:O0E-V]Z-.-7#5U*4U!1A!5I6H5*52I]%45\RZ=^TW8:KX7







*KNU$EM
M;P2W9EUWQ#K%]YU[)<7?;/LL<R6=O:V\'(^&?CUIOCFT^%WB&+PO\4O`_AS



MU_:9EN_`GQ`N??A#Q_X3OI?@=\6OBG\+/B%K]CX#E\-^*-/\!Z9IHM_$&C:
M1!XMU_Q/;Q3W/B7P[J^E6/CCP1H1U#3;@M=6*LLMF;/BS]IC7=(\.ZF=*^$G
MCZT\;Z'KWP2BNOOBB/X?)=ZSX2^+/Q!B\&VWB#1I]
^)XT2&74CIVOZ5I-G


I0J5I





7RVWPZ'A:37-*M_%/PD\0W#V_
MC74SHWABZ'B+P?\`$WQ)\/\`1H;_`%2.YM;W_A+?&?AN7PY#:3:IXIBT/1FM


/]J7M
MUXA\0_%;2?AE



)S::=N7DJ4Y0E\-
M6


M^T!X#O=+L]9N$UO2=._X5OXI^)_B.?4;*T8^!]#\':C;Z1KNF^+(M.U#4)K?





J5#ZQ+FT7+

.A_\`@VL/_DBC_A)_#7_0
MPZ'_`.#:P_\`DBBB@`_X2?PU_P!##H?_`(-K#_Y(H_X2?PU_T
.A_P#@VL/_
M`)(HHH`/^$G\-?\`0PZ'_P#:P_^2*/^$G\-?]##H?\`X-K#_P2***`#_A)
M_#7_`$
.A_\`@VL/_DBC_A)_#7_0PZ'_`.#:P_\`DBBB@`_X2?PU_P!##H?_
M`(-K#_Y(H_X2?PU_T
.A_P#@VL/_`)(HHH`/^$G\-?\`0PZ'_P#:P_^2*/^
M$G\-?]##H?\`X-K#_P2***`#_A)_#7_`$
.A_\`@VL/_DBC_A)_#7_0PZ'_
M`.#:P_\`DBBB@`_X2?PU_P!##H?_`(-K#_Y(H_X2?PU_T
.A_P#@VL/_`)(H
MHH`/^$G\-?\`0PZ'_P#:P_^2*/^$G\-?]##H?\`X-K#_P2***`#_A)_#7_
M`$
.A_\`@VL/_DBC_A)_#7_0PZ'_`.#:P_\`DBBB@`_X2?PU_P!##H?_`(-K





M6:_XV\%ZW8:TOA3QM-I6IV7B+Q#/=W=QJ'AKQ=I%Y#8V%C=^&;NR?4H+\HIS

M7/6C-+EK2^L1Q4G545%2]IB(JK4224I7NK-HXWX4?#'^RMOB?XK?$BPUOQW_
M`







-GBO='%Q:71M]:8^/=8\RXO3J%B1;:;



MM`AM?$8EO+_6+S4M5FO];UO3I5ATRWN?#^D7EQHGA6_M;B]U$V/BWQG;73VE

MSJ^C?$?5M7O]8&I^


8/%_P^\8_#;Q-!\
;3P)X.@U
MS0O&4-E#/=:G!8:
T-[K.A?8WD\-7US'+'ISZAJ:36UY;WLD(**F*Y7%Q]UP
MHQH1:TDJ
:
L.J;DM7'V$YTW=MRC.7

M*M&-2-DE&48N*7+&WJOAO3_`OA;4O&NJ:?XILYKCQWKUAXAU=+S6]'DAMKW3
MO!_AGP3!%IJP);O#:OI7A33KB5+J2\E;4)KV5)TMI(+2VYC3/`?PRTOPY\(/

4[KEDT[

M
K7X3?$/X+^`_#VG?%'PWXSU31/!WQ`N?#MO*+'4)/@G\




I0G&I&4E./)RS4GS0]FVZ:A*
M]X*



SA._
HWUNVS(B^&OAJX
M\(:WX.\4?'?QQXWMM2B\

MC6=/URVT[5Y-3\5Z;XGNM3NM*T^+5WO[&.:TGD\/?#?PKH*7\LGQO\;ZQK.L

]P_X2?PU
M_P!##H?_`(-K#_Y(H_X2?PU_T
.A_P#@VL/_`)(HHJ1A_P`)/X:_Z&'0_P#P
M;6'_`
D4?\)/X:_Z&'0__!M8?_)%%%`!_P`)/X:_Z&'0_P#P;6'_`
D4?\)/
MX:_Z&'0__!M8?_)%%%`!_P`)/X:_Z&'0_P#P;6'_`
D4?\)/X:_Z&'0__!M8
M?_)%%%`!_P`)/X:_Z&'0_P#P;6'_`
D4?\)/X:_Z&'0__!M8?_)%%%`!_P`)
M/X:_Z&'0_P#P;6'_`
D4?\)/X:_Z&'0__!M8?_)%%%`!_P`)/X:_Z&'0_P#P
M;6'_`
D4?\)/X:_Z&'0__!M8?_)%%%`!_P`)/X:_Z&'0_P#P;6'_`
D4?\)/
MX:_Z&'0__!M8?_)%%%`!_P`)/X:_Z&'0_P#P;6'_`
D4?\)/X:_Z&'0__!M8
M?_)%%%`!_P`)/X:_Z&'0_P#P;6'_`
D4?\)/X:_Z&'0__!M8?_)%%%`!_P`)
M/X:_Z&'0_P#P;6'_`
D4?\)/X:_Z&'0__!M8?_)%%%`!_P`)/X:_Z&'0_P#P
M;6'_`

CJ2K*0
)RD@@T44`?__9
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Schedule II (Detail) (Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
 USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      















          

        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 2
200
        
$ 1
785
        
$ 1
373
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
$ 2
200
        
$ 2
200
        
$ 1
785
        

      
        

      



              









        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 charged to costs and expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

Stock Compensation Plans - Restricted Stock Activity (Detail) (Restricted Stock
 USD $)

        

      















          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
568
625
588
200
566
513


        
98
925
78
700
118
175


        
(84
601)
(87
431)
(81
819)


        
(16
899)
(10
844)
(14
669)


        
566
050
568
625
588
200


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(03OD\T+`(``&4A```3``@6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=



E6HB6+7YN


M!8JK`@56@2*K1)%5HL@J4625*+)*%%DEBJP215:)(JM$D56BR*I09%4HLBH4
M616*K`I%5H4BJT*15:'(JE!D52BR:A19-8JL&D56C2*K1I%5H\BJ4635*+)J
N#^E8@*?S`[S,
M_8?5DSX5(A\;VD_^#TW0]QW3D8+S&[X:X=-P:*&BZD!O/AZ26/P!``#__P,`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0U53`C]0```$P```+``@7W)E;'
O+G)E;'




MB=!(X/

$



1;)L4*68P7*N6'+N4%R78A=:.[
M)93CYI23,I]#GO




MAN^/=/Y#E/NSD]*J](5A52+UWLAM.]M-S$@-7$CAQG@7]_)N$T3&*(ME=T
M$OPR


-N=GPF
UE7&9
Z).(8BG5D'ZQXWEA





M
-4R1M;TT
[;PZL


S6;
`[Z]ZR,,
MG&,0]Z.D2C.5'LD3%Q060_/G5%-2EHFB)X1)LXQD'NE:7FJHYI2H)KRS;%B
MM\88ZV`*'0/#?@=@.]Y@*F$`=^9=OQ#PU/CZ!D/J&I`B
P%A;VD+L1L
IFN`
MV375!0'
J&LPVO76!0$


M\8#)60A3ZQG4]EL'
&F$QJV

4PX'M?/:5A(&N(9U3`%L'3AS==IA
M6


M!KRMJ7`.2%B?(M!N^Y@4#HM.B]E!9FS#5,*3A3P0?3HF!(9XQ;[1OHMG2F
M;P0P,L#/-).YV6DXV-X(.C-AV\@(7BR0FZ/3.]Q/CYF(*.SH7!9V#HXTV'

AT6AI\_+_@X3\```#_
M_P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#


X$(;O5]IW0-QWP.;H*
EH`/7N2#O2:K6':YHX





M1


C$AN&PK#@):$G!DA

Q:4DF2

MQ8&Q5\B4Q`B
;2@
`UHR7EU26G%@4JLZ
R6)56!H%*3



56
M9198P!)C$QA2=ND52-6\34AFE5D&WU'R$$\G-&%AO*`T%?#E2XC5:`KD(XVC

M

MN/R-%RAO'H`KV:T\\Z]E=Z[;WKGR$TP%%F@DG;J]J8=!W
8+QHL8X#(V_KS`
M+9O#%[J_`?%)B.'Q(.^'\[W]\#\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`1*1**
MI@




UY8^$




$%``&``@````A`&M4GY;;

'/F

YN-;4SNOK!



?JH@?^XE)=Q2-:4_Y.


@]\




D9
K.QXY%#-::97Y@2I$;;I+^HM+,H/'H9FFUTQ,S_AXQ
M(9YTID]R()=/O:EV&A(0&)<3#1[)![.=73<J%J]`JOHHTDPO^%/(J(;T:1@

)G$!3$JF.H&1`
MC.*09':_DZF?!D3WD

M9&'R44OLO0(A#4K]V.J8W`0S)]H96JQ//S@JSR_$[/CF,ZWD:A)5:NHB#+
MB

@H`H\%
-0!*X

)!;WKA][WX``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````
M(0#GBN_44@
\*TE5Z+I5VJ1IVLMGAYA@%3#3M/^^YUM2+&A79</

?F&(BZ






M#80J_RB$.J1J\4:M:@R8!5@?=_/)8A

5%=:J9;T
M#):+Z:@+9=TB+3GPDW48!:Z`G@^FSHU2*SU9;AZ=$*`#JUEZ-;;+7J!-(3
MR^1J
!A/=@+/[1_BT]7$UN=Q.S0ZEBQS*U8.KV5U8W!::?88.9&C-D*3QV/
MUOKK8BQ&`U!6-P`GI=A@.A%/YHY$1C`
&=U:KR\;%W.RNJZC&S&V&!Z/=8S



L'-R^N]W

MRLKN5#:DPWOW)Z;NQ\
?'W9W
KS0*\;


R




M/=?\K.M4-\I(^Z\$H=&4-!*



LVE-D/+028QDF&0^I8Z-]3AQBJ#0E=#DE68#7;\I:8FRL2.

M='W\%-BQT]4H?J]#$+QZ'@1/B$V6FW(P3%B)$$4^I$6`MDE!B).H]0:W(4!
M(






M+G5'G0:?X:B_3B!D@UPZY0
CO5B+CH3!#BE^7N'/`89UPE\#^$P(FQ[X6CO_
MW3C\!P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`[&Y?KOD$``##$@``&0```'AL+W=O



M*.NI?FJ:R]@TZ^Q$B[0VV(66P!Q85:0-/%9'L[Y4--VWG8JS22S+-XLT+W41
M85Q])@8['/*


;(\UQ_


;'K@


WM'5V\H
MV[%\^YY_;=7;R0+/=W[UE66/Y7RDO45FFIUG!:72K'1U[
A4;*4PQ$&%AB
M(

@Q
M3JN.^2YV3&@DQS`086)@1@#*PRL,9!@8

9!@




`4$L#!!0`!@`(````

M76_:

MA5M\N_[X8770YM$VG#L$#


<;

/GXPHOPK%H=EP3/X`

-G+NK&P6G/_1:F6U;R2%'P%P
M3I_#[T&4KBGP-)_

(PZA

%SD(SLR2=G[%'


M;UN+F-XK&$/?W3X:7X!-
MNH3A@!MY%M_RQ#BI`?@PG:TYM^HJ86RJ.454:3!73#Q+L=%TYW81IWVL%5

$%``&``@````A`!\9


MMG-_LMK]L/_]M^V=5R_UA;'&`8:RWKF7IKEN?+].+ZQ(:H]?60G_G'A5)`W\
MK

I2]DGGMX*5C:*I&)YTD#]]26[


6NO]]*@?[)V+U^




S0C:(F


MHRE%=)@R#E8=@9)%8=J4U%O

+8

$=
`D

MMZL



MT$%/=L.

A[ED9-O2Q/*M!;=9H_CX;XIZ582
K

M-0@1$/=L.

8?A=1.Z(&M?H$WE3/J@
A=8Q2L.K
/K(\
MKYV4WTJP!H'G\R[:'40]4GFXT/T!QT/7Y
S^3JIS5M9.SDYP:0!KNNM4ZB1)


9
Z_WVYWVZZJUX$YN9A






M=UM]'
G_1\?7^L



M_^45+)*3:^+DEU?@@[ZY!O[W7U[!)%[/9A_4^K1^N#O4'R
?W/Z*'=_7(56R

IRL6JTF$VYB8HF
M?B7D\EQS&XUNBNM;;F
&;&[$:]DA&W&A'=K
NE=B%\FGQ
!%I1=)`E*50$


NR
'H_]IO7A]&-B


#6WJ(8D4AB5

M%R/YRR657X^BR*W2D942)S6$Y5L8NQE\^$C&AP9(!:(HX1KZ6TU]9M3JRP
M3-.U.(56633J%91`%!`-Q`Q0!PE7$HJ0


!FU4LNEW5`
Q
-M)=)`#!`+Q%'

M

N1/6A&G4Z-11


M2K@`WB9`O


M@&@@!H@%XBCA:^?=0%LR\UC@+Z1


M$XE^AM]0=706%QN*?]]$RR2:A6'Q!A74G6342RN!J$3.)A'

D`L]S-8FAV=


H!#
M6D'?

MGU9RE@$_EOOY)*V('RXVU.R!M(JEG(N4)6M.ZGU\VQB(`J*!&`6B*.$PAU



:'+)WD.#
MC0%B@3A*F+;B?*?1#/-.PW_O@B][E8SZ99=`%!`-Q`Q0!PE7`CO(MKB5,0V
MX'P)2


MC0$0!40#

M;F1CD(QHUD
;`#8:B`%B$TDM1_N9
B]PCD[CVGAGT!T$V!$LIO*CL$*6]A*(

6ETOC#0%(P\:@N)5MIW\FB-^NE4`4$`W$

M\Z5_RL!_AT-PER_]PP;(_9-07X?X*EN6S7
KPL\J7ZZ&[
M\60YQG2_U$#?Y

M/ODGHIK_OOI'W2K_?(W_FLMX]%S7I_:/\`+=PW

$%``&
M``@````A`


M-]_V8^2^YJ442IST#-Q%&.@XYV6TC





;_D:*U`ZN61Y
J!`
M3'JG


9^D

7@4!/K9



&P[-YOZA[3J0FRENFQ!TNJD0;!!P^/W[



)*8
MWY0P:(;!UKE=R;D;K@J7L[`-#]+(7XPMY*-XDJ;G_2

CZA<WY0TZ















Y:JLM(*693;!'

MJUEZ;77H
R?^'C$]?;(:-Q?II^XD68[%L;(G
#MGTC=F5X##L.]!J(#$[NG(




M-^N/'Y9GQA_%D1#I@8=*K/RCE/4B$1V)46$U:3BQ[QDLLX9$?`E%S@G-]
MJ2R*`R3H






M]EU77


WS
B
2RXS'0V'7'0]
M&=/L9YQVW@P(Q]/N+@]]C.=R#%X9`;D:(!M5*


S'C#:A@Y\;;*)#RVYT`T
M+




AK%FYR&L])-(W&H_VQ9
M*::LHP\8%#
6:YMAZ83M_(%.A;HZU[:(Q'!0;5R`(L#*N;1RNGU1HX_Z8C@H
MMPM0!%BY5W=SJU%WW4_.N@V'D+GN4#@+%S8A-811'$6`I46]5IPSO0B'_:E&


:*


M@U:[<?':GO1SAS2I1VA+%$ZLZN

G\)-`7ZN#80`N

+K*P*-\[

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!@2.AKLPP``/$_```9

MXD4*X@Q]F4'V`46B[T\*[)L[$D0U(F

M1=KZ_.L?I]?9[X?K[7@Y/\RSQ6H^.YSWE\?C^?EA_I]_FU\V\]GMOCL_[EXO
MY\/#_










MA-_?0)[*L
4=TP1-BJH-(QJ!2NJZ.7,+2A/4LOIC`26`):.\A&4O!4IK#F
MG]D$#4DA@+K;B&Q;NRSX5':`F

M?D1UJ?Y:?Q9J8P$E@`6\78T8D]EQ**FZ`A$??`1[S.%UNQ
ZJ_/D0M@9'`
M$LBSER/01:Z.R')'=I=EO&#R?DY'N8D@3@L$05$`S%`+4\;&]YJ3[DP9X%

MRRDK!40#



MRB310`P02PE/PYM52F
HEN!A+/Q:M!-1HPNKKHDC0:B`%B*6'AYB
62DZ6







MQ!8T490;($H(!J(`6(IX6&/-`[D_4D1&@=G.L-)CC^EC2(:=AB6B`*-!F*`
M6$IXV+P7D*=


2ZS

$.(RPE




MLC&+HK3T+1`%1`

M;%C*8-7L?-J*&)LH8C?#5G8M'Q&I092R#0%


4:+K?R%77+

M1`



MY2



AIZHWHEGA_;091V0EJV!HT!

=OMG]-?=?$A6\



`4$L#!!0`


:,=+UNQ-8CFF09NG<KFLC=_?']Y
MBDR#B[PYY15KZ-[\1;GY^?#'I]V==:_\2JDPP$/#]^95B'9KV[RXTCKG%FMI
M`RMGUM6Y@
ON8O.VH_FIOZFN;-=Q`KO.R\94'K;=[_A@YW-9T(P5MYHV0CGI



M08H%3N3[TT:J&8`%?A#
'A!CC!CUKI2K.JL6*5&:L2L#9Z
T\FX=R*9&B#4++#9S%
MWPI]J?8C2UO/R/^N8W`YKA^`JVF.P;4B)42)AC([EJL]_BD6N)`9WJ@,;S8





/VZ./P'``#__P
`4$L#



ME.2(;WIV^HF5Z3H/H8

M
*@,P(03RZ(#J=N0WY<&_@P1)P,/:*?Q6*5*?I)
MZI6U\=[Q[$CY:/^H?!=XIH_$TD$M^30S)C.!URK^O?]DATZ
8ADIC)=[2RGB


MAP
901
MD\%-;`U)


94@D.35I%\0F*NP%BTY5PD25XE1Y5=CD
M


8=!


AWRTS=@?MU)D]J3%'.[=5\^[KP'.S22?3^)BN0H+EV7[VZ3N4KY

MH(-.!%ZDZH?@XM8O

W
M6R.D%02N[LC&@&DA&P/Z.\,@/`P%I2F,DCE$[N@4'2Z4)A@QVXIAIVK6&JM$
M.;83\I1#VDE3COVD-.78OLA33E:BP?W,K+77\-DIX$1;?J@H=`)$@GZW](U
P;B<+A'!EZPO&D14-0K#'HVD)-=G`)P]<EMOZ[Y@4TS_+.
MM@L;M1,58;XY&B$9(9GHAC=-=;1V,:`3/43Y*8;G0^24E:70P=$+'*Z@]=$

168;




MGRWO6*8EVL@]5`



MK&T`V





;F-'/$C
MF
R#B\HJ_0C

MK






M[%443AE_
4
?LX5)W;T8K;&HO%


:PK0+GY$


_*?RV%(E;U+XR:.R`#9\TS0W0HOP64&?
M4
G-?P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`&-
..G


B
M(B




.^J^YF\Z71:%DNN_0/S7\WFZRFRW+^D7E.V+KM
M@=[

7

M*\YORGFU*-ZNEJ8L6

MZ^



M5C2ZG%2]PF983B:S#^5T6!6SJ^+QH(=&+






MSL[.+XLIAJ(8RTZ




M@UB.WW=
I_IS\_$R#+G)OK
M7/&[%6TOWYD9+.Q6L
1/.O
_G:+;*U:YOI?T
M.'2P=I3VCV]F4\$QGUU@PU98SI


M])NWK^5G_D/Q\C]^?7KQATT[SBQ+FPRYQFT_
]N'(W/R@.V+I&R__R7N\516

ME$^C_1(1BWNDH:.V6\WO$86'7FW)70?E??I(#[W:&JD3OOOTD3JO_F0U\&E@
MK[:*L'']7MD8&&QN`B#

67=[GFV*


F4SG.'
MWB:5N1*=%:Q!Y^T^:QO;I3#XL!&OL?$LR+4AVA]_0`A@G-\KROM_E!-K@Z;
MI:L_B7_=E;T'[4@AU3QNMPFFS^'%:$S\H4L%30#9&585=OUJ/KLU!B7F%^1

Z*RUV9E

MB9T^V:P9W^5210



M?#TERC]4'#JH6NV^LQF9AG4&RS5\WJ38Y*G.E7X
&PAO50L\F4T7]$R$IEX8
MS?2?
_[?XD^*Y)%*W7GT^?



D&A=?Y:)`TCUQTVERA1U&




MZQ&@'*F$XE^54SAN`2Q@!9ES!7$9@C^DT!:%F_.B4I2_24%RYDO2;O/%CW_^
MUVR3(N78?\F^!U4_0XFJ%2IK
E:\==AGFHR6H%QM%V_!#K&_N)^9I:PP


W&*L?*=3'VBU^!T6`D1@D1I^O[TC
MR8*R-0)E^R3(9%TH\FL/%D[(9@+$JNF*OBQK.\.P*'OCFFJJD`%




M(7OO`PKPQH1YQ(8!A@^#2*RTTQDU](GT:3'+


HJ!J1
@V^
W2Q'
M\'F)LRKK$BL'H'TD





M?L*RN*T`$$)9E\+:;9O5\[(8[+P9Y!Z=C11-


?'*G@8;NOBE8=LY'L:U8!ZD*A8M
VT


MS6TZLX#'L2)!$^WVU01Q0Q()^HS&A([89XJ+4\4(JZ+/LBZF8_RT6+02_P1&

R#KZM.)0-$EBK8.BH_FEJ$
M7\&AC6ZY.?+X=.V(?)#L'-T:-1)
UQ8O7LQ6E\NKU20&J'\FXISZGB7T=0N'




MA.9G;2`/-LE0G1*Z;*Q06)K4^M9XN]KNV09&!UFD
W4RJJY*TU/L*CA&14SL
M/H)##Y@@Z*$W%&0)U;[AA09E?A)=5@L*Z23#20U&R\&Z9P1H8F\2%HL&$?PB

?L32#4/K
M/

B)P@4'1F6
#3.#Z-H6
M9E@)&]LY3%D=UWPZSR?7\*G52#C-6QAQ^?SW64!92I4NC1CH$:&8:<D4A;.

[D




Q(@F#6GT]IHQDB9%UNPSA#0\344*(Z36
MV$B;!/^\FEP]/9V2^+1


P^65!3)^J08]5-.Y
P7)6ZKD@DOP7.35O

/3U+9X6C

'@L1GF]HG%'
Z1CU[K:JG3V/J1^4
MHXXY'=/_.^.?M7<ZV)9&+ZA<!4@O5D[5_$L`C5_YLP:)=PB:%][D1\:B\V)

RH*991YYD
M!YA





MKVE4

LTJFZYH')USFK
15V_FICV2CFGR)B$&6C.;F%7HC


0XA#FG?3_M4
%^TYM4
PP
;EJ





P4MO+UFRFS@_?

1ZP

MT+

M^#*DRJS!&
TFL(F7M6)RVA^
9I8!AZ]L5N^!_?3-:G1M(T1'/H9.
O:B.=)
M

:_7%%I09J5:3/1*]\


M#6TB#Y*.D$OA+VX7D8[E9$%Y5]*R'IMN#YAZL)AVC-7=SCA689QT*DLNM!XW
M7QPYO!9G[=T1)^\9/!XPRH

M1G(:@SB-2#5$*.O5K$@830H`8`I8UPXFOFDP&BVL'[?C[J=)LXGG:IJ)H!$J
MVXE*.7LU%NX)R^=4B12BQ=Q

M]]1E9PD;1_E(\N!R(KK5CE#N^(5Z:%Z1*\7)!NE6*'ML[!W,O6;TB'L
=V

=RM7'O;0FGFC.HW



MMO$.!)\S/'/
X%?\I)-0P4FL3:/(^
/WAEK;5O

.DJ!`BE$=I&E/4P'/IT`4SOFH'&YND84?4





G!3#&M



M\F+NL7/\Z0SYD^/YTDL8.1(2$HV;J1M?25DUSU]&HG/$VYA


M?HBC*`
O5H!%*(&$PGUW+!D`^3%8J.8M_/P*#]%@FSB7,H_!1IKH3('3P2
MR3K8[NN2!\?`]DP6NG-&\
1+SCHKQNM6=@KQSCOE?.XNG0*1L=%8HH2P
33T
MCLF(:A])P'[J?4*5:/YX*(

4:RB^^V*WX4:VNQ[K:

M^+^=UI=G#$(N9G+`)H3;;5U4KAAU7^(5;@0K`E+D?X9Y:(3]3/=(I
K$J;











Z
M#1:B/;CZ6?/S!<PQ)2[?S)0G0-%V7JEH_'M9%S.QE+X]GB0HQ5V1+W39;U<

@6?
%S%`)



P89@R`[00B/M;_JV.X[1O\_MA^(X+&D6+!*((#:#45UK.2^

MF^W7=[LUZ#T;=







]+1@
MIK2O?P[YN,-$'9DZY-DOM=F0R:(!*XE!I$IK;W71)0*:X1;!84BDW-)CEH5
MF!

BFWDN/

'QYO=/(0ONJG8K?ZS[M6MA[W!82?U!U)]MM
Q


8PDYS1BQ?9`ED3F@M/NMTVV^OO=
M50YV.Z0$JK4[/9UR&R\W#EJ)#5*[ZT;V5/$E)53?88-UF_TYI=
*7V[QP8_3
M=^?VL0_VD-+27@



M@KCF
S:P


M3B6_C&?2SJA-.M=YO[:RZ+:XIQKI)/!Q\?_*R4$DR8NYPQ$?=(R3E7
(=K;-



_+1X&:?#C4-\A.(M7TN;+_@^
MC5WL9U#KY?G;
L;!Q!$

M;U/?@K^K+W&$@?-5V)H.=-G!!-NB



B*HI4;\D5]\[[!]V'^WRG0;)(KF6




KN3ZTB\EQYRQ<4H]

MWRKD'2PP]NU=*Y/F$NM4Z=@JZP8??M`KE.(0XYBGEFDU90XJ4]@P5O`9G5T6


!

M+;:.H/#.)RVG^V[_H'?TK
/9!Y;3[N93G#A@Y&%6#XKY7$TS]61&
=R9U=!3






!T8-/\[I_0:6!2@.Y-I[J-(#G.?!$Z`

M)$2;#!A*WC+

-9HD#0F`FZ&GNB0G*N`PMT)B&]M-B2
M)K






`OQU+!*J`'VL0#



R!/VCX'


M0)E&Y^I`[+SU[TO0!-


D`NL


]WP(3=N(N'_%Y^%W-
EKW5!=&P

MC:



@M@F'XC
M2]5JLW?4;&M.B`
6DETA;24I'&;O!9R5M_.7\\O6(8]2;S^[Q9@LV!DA$O


7FU\;W&$18L==`KZ9)6^1P





M&D&K;&`

.R
M;_=TT4K.66HTBRW






M.':RGF.AQH

MO



Q6^B823PO_+D$9P6'UWI\G6D5&.1NG;-#X:7`S)202ILO.A)'(%Q
M?YD#(?$G0;3J6



00MS
U[@S?)TZAY'C@+5\M568^Y9XYENM
M?9OPM
MR)DSO


]GO%!\NQ=<(@TE[0AE8@_I
M!

MOVQ

MH('`OY(X(E%(:.WKAA`=X$_

M*9)+!9W24

MV4




M_FXD``_(MWA#0E4DD!W7=[*/Z@AQ#S:&
?-R*/[O4_F`NLSYQ4FZ`&MZJD


MKW`]W




M^1S
1VQ46%M.W@

ASYT&IDM.'9R)O
M`D5[6:55YII]Q2W-\ZR_B_JGZ:L3KWAL^S0ZQZB&9C5SHMOZ`QR3BGVJ9XH1






/J

L'?DNL%]@N.MK6BD8*
M
TPA&E)*


M#*%A/OI&=.GSN4WITD6M$%G1%YWJ(5BA)?!8X`/7VS+%/$1P=S=4O_O_OR

-)C\TCO(:;!RC'JF63X?64X0=GCT1QJ=W2LYZM1`UX_#



4<`'@





=AQ24



M\WS6'_.8W:
GO1*J@J^B_X9LI0)4RY!@%:XXLA


M(V\F$`U=`KA
C^5B![D5U`S1IMY_'RD\P@VCVDWP%V3[.NAJ39'%Z/#:OG'_









M7%@SY!*OK`@:DJA:A'#

T:J(5I'&`61O_*MOLQ
MB!_$X?*M4H:*9%*%M%HJUI8*#9E584+F5
B[X.T@7CI26DT5B=5RJ8:HZ:8.
M079E

34(6?31+9Z9!G9CNJN
?-U


MVHQ3._2[D-Z1

MC-^F4]/
`63HIUUXFN?+?11-]:GIJNENN#0]C!R&L:MFN!R/T709FVJO;NK.
M$2
DB;JJ[4/

M,?3
M#,LMYWU<(:9X'?0M;('H/3JN_K[UN[GTRZ

*A?
MIGGH_D




'NW=``9Y=08F<.!;5NAGL;
MTF3`2C4&.20I]Z4H'8#(6&J:PN6P;91L;93<VVF%QB`'1GGF`4H'0FY]41F
MTLF
05W-6H5='80G=:$QNO$(_'C[SP.DN2'IZN:Y,(!7^ELJQ9&2;T6B-$
Q&6Q;8UL;8W^_BHTYATE

MXK42MMG1K=6P`;F]6JX

&QB7R;8ALK4AM\0-<8R1#OBSN(:HGI+R
W7

M&@5=+MLV&:]M4IA^PF[0&+TQ!:'



M(G]\_]_C(W7UVH.(H4


MWIQ([]K6^^]=Q9LJ)!%!L#Z6F[CMA4HEFY6*]&$8R\L\(3'
3;B(L()7$53&
M`A\!W8A5UJK59B7-/90C


\W!&Y#%
M-Y;P]<YVM]MT\`9D\<TE?/]*JUEW\084,AI/E]#:H?U^2CV'3#C;+85O`'RC
MFL(7*(B&/+HTBPF/U:I8B_!]+OH`T$&%8V1FB=D@GV(XBZ.1H)BS0!O$ER8


:[BV/'M;U9`E4STK']MV0.&+N,QPK')8**3G





Z&P3]

Q
M\^;


W2K;\```#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0GFQ(
M[`
``.`

!A]
MG[3_@'A?N2$!B692KALTB9-TR[/A#@)*F$G:;[]_ML8V*;KFM?ZG)\ON/O

FH+

MJ*D=WW673E-4K2T4HOXU&OAXK$J4X/+2H)8*D1[5!07_R;GJB%1KRM?(-47_





@=.>>']C6'A&:5
MT;D1E(\`^K@-`W?M/$+7E`



#

M(
D$22=(-D%R%=%


C-DSD]F;
FN8Z
MLNTZO;`BJ2U^925X3KPJD@8^J[-=7RN6'-M.16Y3QPGL(LE*4S*,JL]P\-,I
M2]FIZ\%*QM)4K$\:6#^]26[UCU;D7Z&KDBJE]?K4\J+*U`\9WG6_&A)3:-(
M1]MSR:OD.8=UOQ
O27ON]F-`7V1IQ6M^:BR@L^5$AVN.[=@&INGXF
$*A.Q&


MF4D

R4_Q=+X89M7$EH
MST7SF4F,U^[B(J'GV+#`AB4VK+!AC0T;;-ABPPX;]MAP4`R:+#1JR+T%2_


4(7L5``-86/TT#KW&B*(

M`$X$MP(]H$L5`(=]C

M)_V/@MUCPT$Q:




^GATP8!4PLIVF







G$53EP-

MS[

YJSX8?QF%L[$?3
;;P6A&[W_B3ITT
MU\=\2$.AMJO(2D-SC(G80&H`DYKK24T[#;7Z7AJ:8]2V@=0`)K7A;6\V;#\G




[1/RY_?3Z(YX2M
JHX6H

M:LEHUAPJS\*@KE?4EX1C+4'XDA\IRG[%&DQY)5&H-(5E`-^M6!UZJ-5J8?





%
MZ_XD05X

UKYVU`Y'VVV
)*Q!IMUIZVMDO9).1
?RC;AD&_9)[,!L3<A_784)G!V9MZO<@?^


MH

(]8N0[VRH?E@K
M!^O'/O+]K?
!*2YZ33S7$%V1#`J1&Q$V10-\*F$#W2F;:Z:P#JQF7!*D5%G2
*D<4'A*5RR1'QWK`@QB^#MG6ACA.C)AASGYB&U#1DBD&#
M@1I58(;-%=:=#:E6ZF?*LLQ)C)I0%BTA03A5#^8,QR?(](%#ICAHB*&&:.9+
MC)JH*R-?J'$D[#N@IC[BP*%U31DBD&#B^9PP7+<3#%JPJT-.-1$$BWR`E?\

\=&`Q4UK'%#A5'UBU``.#)H8-;CQX2J\!XP2!?BQ3Z;X:
!K






`Y3@U?#_-TXO4I&4&Z5O
M.DQ+IGKI2.*LGY#&NL
K0





M;5+7^E$0+/V.\!X[PEJ^AR&JBE/V(.BN8[UV$
E:HJ%^U?!!'6D=?0^N(_)I

BV+Q?XCE
IE*BT!SC?%7JY




6!68'TN5O$R
2=-C%3`<[Y

/D9W-?`@^!*'U\,4-K_\I
M_@$``/__`P!02P
ZOPS[NJL?7O<9SFK[^#B7%:E^-8Y];TZ
MWW^]-JS-SA4\]P=99KGRW5V,W-=EWC+.C$'=X$$'3_S+M@%X.ETN)3P!)AV

MYWNX(V?&WG#I5S%$(1W`@S_U=A7B*
$N@PYF\5\K7;MC]:[T*+[%&)/]GS

R_PK;PL
M/^TED
4'WUH0


O0:6H8`L#2;)!T@TTAH!41U/)8&LR(


M

MC2$ERXX@LE07UUA).JVSH!AL`#P[3=TK*H#M#H`3M_%4F(6`G$;14DTA&&P
M(':3$&AU()P\QU)B0;B94!(-81@L`)OG(E4=&8'PVW#7F-Q.(V3:(T&
2TV

F9/(Z=`8
MCCI(:Y$X/99HS4B5HUR@F-N@D1./XO$:=.8J`EI[([39HG6#1JU8@$Y]U`
MXKY9B1R'%I'3L'&O&89XTEO6<N@NRJ*W`9



3R39)%G8GEDJVE[I0FM*N[E[-'`^YS`


M*

M#YNC5$^Z9LP@4&AUBFMCNC4A.J^9H#J0'6O!4DHEJ(%'51'=*48+=T@T)`[#

?

0RB.4=AT6D4RU[`1;KS'-=C!V0#8.0


MO%L8S'P8`+F4TIP?[%KLWU;;OP```/__`P!02P



&:(&BZ/%
4Y1$1!0%DHZ3?]]9+H\Y&#G5@VU]^W'X






M!7X/5L#P?0E+ZTX7!I6VZ=-C7;TZ4%L@N+FEIE*]!S#8^]\[
48$$I
9]@=#



M(6VB53A#4H04AE!'YD

C-K$B#

&


OI]NS\X*TK9X+X][
M$MGNP=2INRF4C*1QOPM$8X2J-+-@4CFDS[
C@JKCG;TGX8#9RR9$8[&)5B

4

^1.!*(%HC%!)ID=/1^C8ULW2;1XY_8MR;ZM^%M_[ETIH:2=OYY[
MY2*DP-MN9DBZ)\D

MJMGT=5F=@6WWI#I#_M#4DW!&[643H@1'8X1*H7-#A




Y]5PL@'ZNJ';Z8&XS_
M0GGZ#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`0O2CC@$+``!^+@``&0```'AL+W=O


BYX;6R4FEMOXSH.Q]\7V.\0Y/TTL9VKT?:@\1W8

RF?Y$421%2;3L^]]_'@^C[^WY





MH]7=
IJNDR5&O]$1K;W9^#4=9W?Q:A[-%V3WC9X+W1._NN?R4R
N=3_\ZGYS


%5MR-7-1-Q,V&X2&^1*D$*04I!*D%J1Q7
2^U+`2:*]D\:TC2()
M]GS'[16?R&P0

MM_WNZZ;KSVVS.Y`T=TN1J*]^DTZ4R3&*6$S;^YM[?D@9#*O$*04I!*D%J1Q
M?


]F]/IE$OD5L*H+C1*9L-HI425



MXSX4=T8/;UJ[B:5#0$W537!W%3(65Y9I!!;J@(56LKI6$I425VU1`WKR!VA
M`B+@B*HKF




M5REFNJ.3NKE$A42E1)5$M40-0SP*5

%O5?^XZR'6)1'WVZO7
M
RMEEG\N42%1*5$E42U1PQ#WF^H;Z_?@&V%O3A5R'[=C@7*)HE*B2J):HD:
MAK@CO$`:')&%4*P0:BT3_DRB7*)HE*B2J):HH8A[@B5$W9&?KGAJ.J#9:$N

ATKJ:NV4JX1

M3'84\SCQVF[()UG#T2T(14+EDS=HIEMY/JV]K
N-E)WVPB`U[70*^W%2XW+-

$$&([MXYF'BBJQ0()I4HTMO`4T@DE=B'=RF9G







M_ITO=([M^;7-VL/A
LOA7;S%.\@D=7G\?XB`P7):&6&W]
M<O'[).B#0R[0)T$?M<3\/K-INH'KL@]F.\V+3E:\F`+9C8M@BWX)NXI:#-


`67K;@94A*U_^R!6\\4GH+(%OPXB
M

+]RX5!N/7KKN:OY`L;#E^./_P<``/__
M`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`)FY_*)C&P``JH```!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S
M+W-H965T
3






1^*_'BT^WGZ___/;\WP]_=;=W


=/=?U\_?']X\-?%YB4T.BG
M']=NBIL7SIJ







3JPEH]

VH8M8PZ1CVC



_:K)9);SD%!:WL;
R8

HCJ1J!5L=HUY1L'5D6X.@:&8Y
M


T3+#W#=5IZ]=NFSKI$PT



MERFBM87;H9/1Y2_5D@4AKD_
D[-P+2KQZD^0&=:R*GJUNLY6M]FO]DF6VW-M

EJZ



&H9=8QZ1D=&`Z
3H[-!



MHP.;7`.M@I:VIV;4




MZD0E*%KLUH*



$5+3AW[
M_2Q)6ZJ@H



MGAS6Z06


&I#
MP7%H[V;I6T]=T%#3O;%C7%_'F4WD^LAM:B
:H;A+LW11$E&X7R;7@NN@H(Z7PN*^F;#J`T%W2%<
M+-
;B%U04
N]


M._=K&@-/WEI'N0[.5,(VF&4AO1[D2R;2M%RYI(*UD54%+CT(MR-UTGPKR
M#5K1BC.\8L4Q!7_Y(F6H*4U]F_5:`

WV'4ZNU

K6VSM:V7FS2QR9Z
MM3/69@
4IV$_TP4X/UM[A


M6\MD
5EG;=%#+:(57;%NLP736\2=:ME&)`NB7K6
0U$C;)A?2`?7G`X*LB-M


%BJ*;B(+B1PL$F1AX\Y&MCFWUQI;U$'

MO7-/!OE-1

M:?XI**CELT$FKMLDT];A.G*;6PB*XR?HC:=Y@I8VJ&;4
&H9=8QZ1D=&`Z
3
;Q*E34%#+9V/&#OQD43&%E!<.B)*$5.V6@N(;
M&XQJ029BWE:$6B[8

ZFH(V*R^`SR2\NKK@0(!/2$!P$V0=9

KUL%+:VQ5UNO



3J;@B8JN+YL9@.-RLCM


M7`4M;7:MZ/5SJ&C%/5V0S#H;?AD_*&AE/9LY
AIP3&_YI?Q@X):/ALS-M3)
M0NZM*SL[OYJ+,TQ!\9PA`_;:1
J1K6@^&5\02:2OL;XD0G1BE`O$](:8U'
MMC5PP1.CL[%EH_7`@\M2?



MQ6_P@06'58$MSC

MB1L0+


R1NL+`$YV&T(!=DG([1@IP$9V74

2BI(W&S$K:XAJ;
2G`D*-S=Q&9P0BC8KP0JD

[20]!HHJCG9


0M@5ER0-P.^;A!XI947`;K
MT


#B_$`.

M2_


JL




$+RFA;3H+WE-&VG`3O(Z-M





TD+C=A;E

GE

MG`2?V4&9W*R





M_P



MXU%[VG7/^]/KP_B__TE_NQN/+M?MZ7E[Z$[MP_BO]C+^_?&?_[C_[
[?+V]M


+S';<?27=



7^N?)$</^
M$!'^\FMWSY,#A?WQI3Y.^5COYTB\O6X?[\_=YP@+#R[W\KYERY@7LFQB=H@A
M,,P73-L=<__&_!_&NF8$1?0'X_!8G$__8$)N!


D)R0@I2D(J0FI&IT8RF#%=BG#\

MZ$D(20E)

M+&GN+&D&IT$:0A)4D(R0G)"D)*0BI:D(:G1C28(*YI&'8E(83U(&RUQM
M8D(20E)

MQ

L[5=2`JG`-7(X.0MK=['PNMN




MR#P%S5-25*E`GMJ_LQ:X6GG(U(V1QU25%?

M1!#,QZHH8P&YA05-%=)444#:XH:(]!4A97V+E5XR6^HPI%1,@5+Z_QIXW$O
M3$I^UQQC;?04B8BR)BCW$M#F9W:
=9(ZH*F+BFJ[-3^'5G72.K&R&.JRJI_

*Q
M1.KYG`ADZ



M08@W2[3E;W/D=QFP#J
;KB:P]J(;+@L67;3NLD3H8.1L!^M$N'%:8EABIR6!




5R!RX+#
M*^CFLD30+7+JAI
CM.-2%*=#4


VGHYK)$JQ#O[&C$9AWBA8R#
QH4V^



TX9_I:81RJ*.UX#,1G.HV\0+$1=.]V%B=]K!?(??
M%MXM#N.3086HUMJ=%Q8I)=P]0<``/__`P!02P


M-V+_@X/W



M/V]VJ^/M_FWS*M]YVA]VJY/\]?!U?'P[;%:/G6CW





$[E



=`AEN4<Q!PD'`@.4@XR#G(.@UZR_V9
MPXA2QWBJ9AUFQC`


M\N;LO'[0
=J?6329=V.2[OF2QLC)6`71F-B.B:+)S%-.TYC$C@GGP7P^A1AA


R';4-0849F
@BJA7#SKFO/E+
O[N/[DZ=Z_5EV:(
LZ

M#:N$[O;(:0

M9`V1^7/GXM+:



M=:+5/AGG.8D]3A(@`D@*)`.2`RD


M;6YM%7'=9^UE/]X[SAIRJ!--D#5?`(F!)$`$D!1(!B0'4AC25RG.ZAQ4%54Y




I##'K

M2`8D!U(

X!;6T1M9FUGJZ:$+M0K`EYR[GT

]


[B?YJ6XHWR\(39#M(_2A$)
`$4!2(!F0'$@!
YNH#JAH^JV$JY\1KJZCKK),<)@S=I(5

A-8B:ZZ+6%E'+I:GVY.*H#@,50@<\5(<FQC9?J\XDAI@$B`2`LF`
MY$`*0XSYSBK#A%PK#J]GJC^6J:&9G*7AU4STV%WH8@-'%PNEH0DZ'Y\ED!A(

I@)1`*B`UD`9(:Q/JGZLAM:X?!KH;?;\N
M-$&VCUIV)C'$)$`$D!1(!B0'4@`I@51`:B`-D-8FU




9`$
MB`2`LF`Y$`*0_2#+R[,\*JJ
H]PX.JH2KW#&^KJ.L7NM!0MY-1-#QRY0'1
M$E&
*$$D$*6(

M%
;EY7BSWG][E6;-Y=?R`S4/(@S5DPB[Q_FQ=Z31_3,*
MV3ORX86_=<\N9/S!NY,/UI+;PG@A/\+)_3OY[6




X

M






MC)

E(Q4C-2
-(RT/B'N8\9[[IM5_6:-T;J^[7=?LG[8
M.^W:H+1I6)I$L0M+DQA;A)MYJV!A+T8E._-*1BI&:D8:1EJ?D$CAT$]$JK1I
MI)KXD6JRCH?=+9Y'07H5HWP

MM%H'4ZRU=H:GT?Y1N[[0/PH'8Z\1^L=V68YYH+30&185!B%RBTJKY8=J&CI4


4K.66F*%QJYI!B%N7$B1NC4@&:N2E

M1AIY

]`CDJ#_+`X
MJGG#AJ.6-*2!R


;
M9?#DQLFMX988IF&K:D*8M[K((/-6(Y*`&I$$9*B

WL)SG$-Y16@4W0;ODX53L`Z7!I&9JLUXJ'8-AP2




7CC+XW&TG5(Q9]66SN?

MO5MQ6[5MZ&PU%CE;+;%%`Z1E$`OP]_Y=W11C@/7%OKY!/G;GUR[O#H?+9-=_
M/6&H-ZIW1ZR_*$#/I\H;-`XDZ'%\;!)\!7XWP&+3(\'7X$;(XQ37H?P)
MF7J`P!^7Z:/XX&R9XI).



WR1)%J_3#!4+MX;R
M
:^&;),';*WR3)!4DZHV/
M6\.[+'R3)'ACA6^2)(N1WB/Y]9P:`+?)`F.1N;)*D@J40)#DK@F]0&QR'P
M39)D$7(!AT2;Y`4H@3G;O!-:H/C-_@F27`*!]\D<[:X)LDR2+D`DX@)=^0
MZ($A[JI.@'E;2I(U$$HE^(-U6'GUR@URL^9(DBY`+.-[F;77`-\D6X


M6\LA45=`7%)HFZN`1W7(A4DNJ[Y)$EQHP3=)DB4IOJ+@3\DW*2[M!8Z)
])<DP0TO^DN2X*(7_35(

MKT\[?/4VOT'5]=+W5_L'W)V-W[
^_!\``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`)
2

MUL-]GZ!_JO*ME?YOM*?Z+6FJPY?J6B+;J!.KP%-=OS#3[
`0.END=]Q7X
_&




MB[VP8`5G7L

IDH
MX6/&2^$/N_K=&M7J3E7Q$M3]H2GV!F:MRN+$=B99G#@X(J29-]O8P]%(S+R(


M:VYOW
5:]1
)/\LQ@)BB1*!W1TMGHZTVFUG4F?#3CZ;FAYWZFOPP/*L]1\B/


%

M$'XC4%8J1[.5.MMR]O@`[`O(UZ#G+LDB'0V$^&CHXT[YBE*5,^NY\ZF1CH9
M


;W%5)'$EA[VV.UM-B
M#P7J7UWZC^)H0!NYVL17(CI.OE*!)E^9XDL5R*X9[PC\6M_8(P&F)7_.X8\'
ME[)Y+O?E^=P:1?UZ1:DQ*1_N1\S?D9!YGT6#SK
69!Q/3+H6O#T]]F?*K$?`



&;K@47(GC3M02VZ6ZNN%&`*6Z
ME@@M[)D>
AF_]J%^SLYHE


O;P

!ZW:GK9[W[J






M28Z\A)4D(R0G)!)9I2)/0+2IFWKI0352DG&W_8W?RY9^QO\6@?11*2DJC9
MZ
/V3$1=Z)
V'^TR:J$23;*'Z:]HEBO\@'5Q`JGJ!/+1H4HAC1TLGKQD.@E%

M;19#S3W?][;&T$YDH.6804I1)M&[C\O-QRW]M;&&%S+0\#B]A]B^;^DAAHWJ


MV!G(H0?+30A'!FSTA0Y'$O
0N]^6)']I;10_9S(AIIHY5[*2C30Z^76V.Q

*1A1`I]


ML62SA-X*N0VO(DF_K9;S8*C('*S67`B1&XVPZ&R


4@-YL%5Q7D
M9K.$ZP#OR.A3HFV`5S(6CH$[K'5&S3(

&ULE%C;CJ,X$'U?:?\!\9Z`S240=7HT@&=WI%UIM=K+,TU(@B9`
M!/3TS-]OF7+`+GKHWI=.IWRJ.'5<KB)^^/MOEI?RZZOVN9@LZUK6V53M

M.1_LO__ZM(ELJQ_RYIA?VZ8\V-_+WO[P^/-/#R]M]Z6_E.5@082F/]B78;CM

=K3








MR
H9_^

=IT)GU$%H!H

UGB#&'X_!

M(:4H68

X64N)HFD!H)[+B.5GQD`
MYG


SDU(CDVV\!&ZQ:3XR@33QH&\
MX5@4`MGF1(&4JG[H$SZI`N`[+S`V?UIDQ'\7D&T3DS_MMWQ]F(W+M(Q)FTH4
M2


`PBN`?O


`4$L#!!0`





@W[7R
[U;(I_A$XQ
M^[SK+KA1'5!L92O]6R3%2/'%8ZV-9=L6\GZEEXSWW/%P1J\DM\:9RF=`1Y+0

M-H4&;(UY#M#'



0$-LRSU=*:/8*A@%N8V'$Z`((@_(IY)_#[E`17E`WP5X@6%L

M`


=]UPL2)C(;[










M/

2FW3


)O$K(*5TIP7%SD5%YC
!QX4



M(P0E2N5CDO@9&=&









/';
3J&




M3OY3L7?Z+O82M6L!FHQE$FC1D9%LH45FH4]DH$U!EX(^!4
*QA1
*9A3
ML$W!+@(FT!@2XD!+7W;XPQ'^'?7E

MD9[(0&0D
A&9B6R)[&)B(HR1


M.2A)LX)(2:0B4A-IB+1$.B(]D8'(2&0B
A/9$MG%Q(08DW
NQ`[;$`=B0WR1

4:'.

M\2M;7H2X%C;ZGIQBL1IU\

[3W]<WR/"]WT'5/G#*/W+Y/E(Q%FC*OM;PZ)*-P


M]ZYM4EVIE$NJX\ETZA&2*L_DQCTO+H/+`RH$Z2V5@E2K$N0_Q7![AK4@;=@P

M3K7$8R^V7O0XB)9Z'-56[#&9XR;5$H^SV'K.HTV@*Z

MD4W@9?+4%VX7'K9
`H

MY'$0K3B!V7M



@\F0'ACSXGJV2$+!9!



M/



F:0$%*]Z/3(9\.A<U[,5
M/L%R3VB$:D&Z%&DBFRU`9WI2K5CU+.M@6V-W'!B-!M;MD.[BC.*Z:%#^TK4
MQ
XC5`SQ$Y9D=.
Z8E0+TH8-HU:0VNH8]8+4

MT@LJU9+4U&(+PXMZI.6P:.D@TJJMJ.%5NAQ6+?'8BZT7/0ZBI1Y'M15[3)?#

M5L.H%?2B^4ZUQ'PO2







MT'=0)M40T[


.VVH#B77)&/=L:V-;(#2=&L[%EN[.KC7/=V=?








M3*\]L_X]:
FUEV?!EFF8?H!4J98TK`-Z90LX:$5=J55;T:6F'CO5$H_]FSP.
M['%46[''9





+Z?C7GWN
!N06#=KP*MF-J51+LE6SK891
MJPU?
-^IEICOV=;`:-2&+YB?5$O
S\:6S8

M28


[+R6
M



MZKGAP&CDAA.CV32TL7.U92YVON8TL?/(Q

W&
MEHVI*XJBF![69[Y8
K'SR
0N()05.C[3AR+G7LN$
S1\?IE\4)!(UL$
=J
$



2T=+RM@P(
XP[-WFY.DVV)BI5D*Y=


KD$^AK0)-`CT_D]L@FDFNC:YD$!ELV
M@6E='QKB@Q2YN5IL/7=S_B


^
GTZ-7/B()MDQB@RTL.`X/
MV'*1C



M38FST]5%NKT]BZ'



MG(]DH;A1K4
^&)6
*D8UHX91RZACU#
:&(V
)D8SHRVCG4$V'Z8NTPGPTA=A
M\4




MJ&)4
VH8M8PZ1CVC@='(:&(T
]HRVAED@^YJBES0?:UA@AZJF_ASK.4R*5(V
M[B1U^]%VP:AD5#&J&36


&D8MHXY1SVA@
M-#*:&
V





);!CD)(HJ/NS.2%2**SV1S$D04'QQF
M))=H@^\QYR1H@R_;YB2(-;X1FI,@UOAJ8DZ6./[<SD)8HV5:D8098CG/EH
MPE#.CNN<.8Y`9N-X`0&^:\]7A(EH[<8^EF`^6KLAD68@]9N)&0)IAM<0$[R

M=C
QM\'J:NTF9)9@D;5V\S)+KJ^0&93&+$%YA;CE8HV*!FURDLW5.:XM]TA@
MU0YK.0D6W(A;3H*U
OSD)/C-VMK]9(JO&C]66[M?3K$$OUE;NQ]0L00_75N[
MWU&Q!#]76[N?4[$$OU);NU]5L:2\.%N[WVR!+^FQ%7G)/C5(_SD)!OXV63]
M%)`464D)B?N]&E]!!8G[V1I+\(OM?OU&DOPP\*U^Q$;2_#[PK7[+1M+\!MR
M^




MW2&S+













E)




F4E&T1GDXU.`4F1E920

D0U8R0C)[R?O#


?^\_Z/_R\`````__\#`%!+







M7$Z9(U)TI9*Y2(V=


M

MC6PN`\D
))\C2EARQ

Y!\CBAA=TI8/J\69
R.Y[I\

M#JT.EN#I:]W,U







MQB&5:KA4]THJM215?GK



NA&?[N@WJS.^R59XF5B2^7+LNE'\0&AO^LI[_Q\```#__P
`








GI\]W!:K
MKX_'IYO?[]'NOT?3FUNU/?P'F7^XNWTZ/A^_O%S`W*6O*+?Y^O+Z$I8^??A\

#OK?N\./Y^CO9\_?CC^ZI[O/V[O'`[R-

M&EV
E[/1[+UQ






M8IR%=U?.60Y;9WDR7H3`0*0FTA!IB71$^IB8VB(=S=7685M;3Y`-:J]51&HB

Z*6XM
.S#EI:L&%;;=*;VO




MW7BJQ/`G5Q,DGC22P6\:3.NQW$`^?Z[:P+MS_Z\NWN]H_RB.$Y.HWW0=WF

TB0[J41K



M$.
0C\RL\RB.@F-!83XUBN)VD5:G6O&L$ZU

M


M6^M\UC+AK$50
M

M
?8(YS:#ZI`EZ#BL!
5!45$4%!7%#?/FT5-JJU.M




M.B];U0HOV$[0=2C8J]:`[

M&`W#FE'#J&74



5HSVC#:
MHQVAMD

:D8-HY91QZAGM&*T9K1AM&6T8[0WR#KJE41VRHFL
M('RH#([R6A&J6:MAU#+J&/6
5HS6C#:

MK**;H/C`'1Q%J!8M^Y5\EN0[3=!26RVCCE'/:
5HS6C#:
MHQVAOD/6=2VLC



M7BLH
M


M_%I1

M)JF8H-%5'`:GHV1?L!(U
^&]L85YZ:7;N8T47+@3`SC?






MEAF2A-J?LM4%+75G+\B;MZ


M5E!4L&/4&UNV.:_D(G/.10298#:AGSB*E@0S'%A
EB2U*)A@)EE./P%O1JF
M.K43]MYZ11RY%DE6HN^6@=O()2B.7(+BR4HCER
6D5A)G6


,4,L%.T:]L66K_4J@0&3O@
%O1.Y1
M&KG&RUU6KUMN12[6B

MXE(&EO20N

MC;H-&4

5&.J6DY1SS`4L0[E
!4F5



PR$G*&<8;OEUQ

M)#@



M('&_?.?GX.(


M-ZK*
68CKK/B


TT)(.U
MRU/XP;_G]/WFZV%W\_3U[O'Y[/[P!7OJ5\-5GT_^GW[R__'B+\\X^_WX@G_)

`4$L#!!0`




/:_V





*
M&(6
(D8QHX11RBACE#-:


DN6=:;U$8S/9LE-2

\[-=&!
MNOWIV`KM%IJ:*J7O8(%DB/*56JBI:3E


M2MA\*M%0]_9'J[]FGX_6]=J/;$&X_*LI6I=,K9?'76TLU;PZT^:RGSC8%
2MDK8A1SAA6RFCC%'.MI:

\+-KR%;$6-&=M*&66


]:@43&L*&$

&25L*V64




*I7PW!*U1%I+-$9TP_B',#EA_9\P/#/#(P@PXK
MZ)Z+VVI[]B3DLU8@$8JJ'!BR5L0H9I2PK911QBAG6TM&!:.2;56L53-J#&2X




M0K85*72.`6*VE3!*&66



*($\:
$K:5
LH8Y6QKR:A@5+*MBK5J1HV!3-^(



M'9S%;#AAE#+*&.42O5VBI=)U^MFH.$U!1]M(VEM4'*.E;+UB^##;'`*\QK#
MLME%Q-F#JXNT9Q)&%VF1$7RT2%N^%^(:IG6^VC'[$FE5#1B%$FFV(H7.H4#,
M1-&*:.




MS94&RYLGID&VAH7-$[


&`LN8Z6T`8N4Z8

M0_C'-7^%D(AC3:X/#BC1HBX)CAO1!B[)#68_:0$(XP%5]EPHBQX)+@^`^E

A]=

H-DYI3





HB5&V%5A*I?KMYZ=(BB(/

MGW7]_O*T/[67YG[^1]/-?W_X^]_N/MKK]^ZU:?H9

M^^ZF?6LNL#RWU_.^Q[_7ET7W=FWV3T/0^;1PE\O-XKP_7N8\0W#]3([V^?EX





FD\O5)%8U.


G4M\PRI=5W9N=NF
MJSB/J\J$[
X+J:&KS+L3:+(41!3%`GFJ%0E%*0W
*
II8$%120

MG:]MJO!S-VX=4H+0X6@]W92\C7$1V0FOK=B5W-7*F




HIP&





X0Y!Y+\-0FM+L=
&


M@K



ML
I8]5UV:H?AF,X3K`&_7:`MWVPO

#;8;81__9#(F/[AL


$%``&``@````A`'?!









CXWJ]N7VTX?GX^\+

/USK%_=OP?+]$*&`$GH']^FF?9AZL_
?#N

M1`W=7$5M-A]ZFR-C^HUZVW0YDU$I/
]B
42R5$BED%HAC4):A70*V2CD6B$W



@9Q(6Y



H_]4X\6/EF%P58(1!E\\B#!X2(PV#XF4Z*'(HWJBH(8@



MO!U#AM4(B-'YI@Y.K/90
@;3E0


507%.)$CXZW5%7*W6
MU1%DY$1
UZ%YX0ZO#'L\:5]?1XAA.ANGE2L)#DEQ


M[L8^AR.2JFA2D.UAAH-M1KJ-+31T+6&;C2TU=!.0WL!R4Y@H;+ECA0OM`1

M#^%%0@B4@JJIA^3+M'DR
=:!BW4U&FHUU&EHHZ%K#=UH:*NAG8;V`A*QF\55
MIC7I)?NT/;_



MS8I+8A/1]6S1KD=-7!'4:








M/2XK


&QJAF(OO*Y(L&6NH*MC


(*:


MC3;SZ1ER;&*Q\%`RL%36\EQB8
TF:NXCKC?:S'-%O;8A(Z#^U38;#&#+.Q+R

MT`-[6


T@D%

W^6A*L5C`
MMGXT)JU0@N)RFY9!VH9M%J4&I38I#2@NNVEM2
NPS:(4BQELZU.ALFT&VRQ*



M


:W&IBQL

HR
J5%/P$CMW;TPU!6^O<_?B5%-:
M4%J3@G?9N7N-JF7P_CIW;U





M

MD[NO7[0_-2CN(QA-:4!I3$H+BOLD1LO@JSO$S:Q#IL@+^(9(RY2@E:E`L5]
M?J5E:E!JDX(/SVU)=.XK[)TMKPE1FLMB@%_E
?TI0W

MQ7T:J&7PU2.LMB@M*.Y#02V#KXQS]\VNIA03U'S^M7?21_'E;5Z:E`J4RJ3@
PVJ*TH+@[(;0,KI#).]S1HBG%!*,1=W]HJY5@=46I0*E
BFX50566S*X


]






%R(]LZPD/



U%?





M2E@$1\


K/J=(:X01*QJ@;

MJ182
C2+;D\#+[%4ET7AT')
8`?060(F
E*N0X6$#
'IC0$YYM1*0J'YDE9
M)9TAKB`F)5B=H%DJB18


IO[-[A5:X$2O*
M7;*CUKS0JJS$Z%N1;HO9ZZ_+!?KTH.8N



M^@]A\F`
G(8)O
!/3\13FRS00&4R7<]AMDQX`9/%<'<J



M='



MK_H`;OWNC_[G]_WGT\/[R\GLZF8^FD3CF\N+3[OC*=DKV\N+^V_'T^'I/UHI

MLB]%LR$


MCQ`


2$ZD(%(2V1*IB-1$&B(M

B(YD8)(
M261+I)2$VF(M$0ZEW@AQMHAA5CA/L1FJ\UB28VGD361#9$$B(ID8Q(3J0@

M0^(/AXA2]_.GB9L_3;PA
IU


M]@

M1MZZ
WDV@4K-6MU3N.\^/
MGS!5?$H)TT6IES-O(5(V=56*O==YTPT_IF0$[L$T8I&V:


K:_
ZL!_=D+#T?-

MUQ@!;=0.FINT&IOG743`N5P&IN
MH7'4W!:7;/643
M=#[S

MPNY3:^A&(ABEF=4ROG)&!;LOK=8;[K=6R[BO&-7LOK%:;[AOK99QWWG(SZ*J



XB-XYL




^CCM17S4@M/QQ&G\4+VD9
MW:*%?G\V:`+#
U8)Y]O`N(Q5WEFX1FK]+,$HS16O8`E&)FQZ@PLP9
59]@

D:DK4HP3P7JS'![220)*($4URL1@C;8
5'#*3D8.''G4H2

MP=
3^HXDP2

R6$\E



%I1/0#2;*$

M)



MQ%&2X
LH]$Q)LL3R*O6*%1Y7I-&\Q`0M7BVF
M6NGN5HL8WU9RE!)
P!)/L01)?M)%C`\IV4^!A4GB)9:8WL_U.=SX(SPO=U]W

M76&S^



;N]



\9]_QF-MX_&]_D_Y/YE__A^.!Z^

Y0/^[W_TX




MEWSBEU^^@L@D4OWR[U^#20ZG/$?W^S+T63/@SJEU^]AGO=N\^C8K4];3]]






96



MDNM]ZGMOK9;QWGG(RQ



M?739@;7F?O9Z9$[@_5HB#[A#*]9D!^K9:YGS2AAE#+*&.6,D8EHPVCBE'-
MJ&'4
NH\Y`==55-.Q7H)NJZR\(QI`K50-3]&B1?T'@WL@_S*J#EL+;#$
+L*


M4;!0!-/I
M):XZN/#RNC-3DO)]'=



N[GODOLM@M&*T9I0P

J4F:0(:*!WU:(U0K9K98]EH.6C%:
M
TH8I8PR1CFC@E'):
.H8E0S:ABUC#H/^1%6=:XS13L3B/BV8ZCK8G?J[A$J

H9K1@FCE%'&*&=4
^!7%
G3)^%#Q698Z:\98+






_0C

M+TZ





M9!OL`\*;)


M6((#
[$ZQ




MTGF

M^23]G]/A#34]_IK-X82_AG3^]0E_YFJ';WT'=]@;^'HXG

M!0```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`*=





_!(0?'')QR
1`.0G]*762]&'
5TF?6BQV^G*
M[[W.9C

D6ZZPHU:0D1:F)


MI=M@PG?;I?2_3;9UK*)&])M/E
P!3=!*4!L3CGO2]676L;NH()9[-G-@=!2T

'-GV

I(I1S:@)2$4J


Q,34#*DS['RW@0VP6M!/4!K6-$?V!;1TYX8C0H6]I;V=9#
M@ND%;S$2H*94I!:1/.@MXI:TGRU('ABFOUH$6U$*P[$5I#.
@E:`A(+\%U=Y

MFGJGX]FTZ5$RSLJ%1UO\B9V

?1J=IUH








M.P*R)VV3BOE,G\5HPQ:22^K&-6,FH#2!8:U.D:]0KIN+ACA[ND6B&P#4@?

BKA(PAA^/L!(5P?WF``C
AM^6:14

NFQS(DE+AM



NP\2`W*(3^S=-HT'KC9<;
M1
L?^%G3:-!(E\V`TE5$[&!6FLI$([


M_V`UFU8W+OW856(;K&?9N-L'+10\:BWSG7P9M:335XQJ1@VCEE''J&=T8'1D
M=&(T**1]C$&3^ECVE1O'LV'F4?)Z0!FT$E0QJADUC%I&':.>T8'1D=&)T:0
M]HJ+`9.>-WG%QX9J#'F$Y4



1H4`FU5]P&(5F/)Z\XGGG%(_VN0?Y%


#IRPA.C

'+.U


MNIV^(G\9;8[?*OSCOI9,X5=8^R#9=#8W+I2E5`Z1-YT8I=O`DH?9HH6M%6







M^N$U`I;@L38DXYN'V6Q9;C;P@36R\+P5^5@2/^%-4NR1]GV9ME*2$I34D%2
MF9(:DMJ4-)`TIJ2%I#4E^S7Z#M[P,KP#265*\#I=X=XPXS1XJZYP+YJQ!_7



.*)LEP6?R,=J[182
M]TDOEVV_6J`^YNP/265*\/DM\K'2-)X3U8Y'WR
B_I8$GQRB[)9DOURA[*-


MG[U9:MP`4I2FI(*D
B6X[0.EMKR#2S]0:DNNS\*=RD&UW2_0OX^W^H'Z!?
MXP8?3E
NT4?]6R59&MR3@S36BE$NL9[B_

MX;(WU


MDQ)ELR2X=!)ELR2X:!)ELR2X;Q(M9TEPH21:SI+@$DFTG7!79)H'TN&R-1


$/UB`]K'F:_QN`=K'

MWZS)UBS\L`Y\8*V`^'V=POU6#/L:OZD#[U@2_)8.O&-)]O#;WO0;?OX%WK$\

$'EF2/




MOCX\/
L_7`;3+VM__G\!````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`5BWRJRX*```@



ML;^?_MF?I[\^_/

D
M+\/IL+G@S]/K[/Q^ZC?/H]%A/XOG\W1VV.R.4^TA._V

M%^WDU.\W%\1_?MN]GZVWP_9GW!TVIZ\?[[]LA\


#=3`?*.=_.;F?P]'#WO`

M4_]R/WV


M[EE!
)XQZWK





P/9*&=/A




Q/'M)#!;[\JID(ZD84C.D84C+D
Y'
M*,(YI`:80I)P


0FZB4Z#1.M
MM5;)F

M2@WR4T1:R]3@



M%%1@
(I%I+5
!6)1U:UTBG88:X,1*:J=N-!C3-44S3*'ATZQ2LYXYXIKQ5
M!R'PUHT%X:TA4H$:\E:1
F)092/0\VAAANV'.J((26B^@*!B&X7!$-!15X


9!?@0;R

FQD!^!1K(JYJ20Y6!
MWMWH
:;MARJ.^*!&YB8EY$V.@H`*#-Z;:)D*3)=ID.'2*=AAK@Q$IJI^




H.509*'%M3&T@;P0:

M`U+SIS76SP^?UEHM_;3E.@Z;KXX\C0X&;7?^
MN\#5J8UL4?)`VMW(E/:;16
KM9#SU1%?E!M@QC!+\.[ND]%@O7UM[YG/?2GU[[H
M]_OS9#M\')'J]0JYO,+ZWATCGZEH8!Q(,.*XDI<DN*M_'`\6`XL<=_AC&$.
M1Z+^`@\0GOR89(_B@_

Y49KD$\SM3



D-22U*
$[*V*3

G4-Q&YRI8?V4)'F$6L!)([?!L2YB





%SL'PAW=OVV\^%_````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`-HP.

5UVOVC@0


FWI'5$RWC9+M6!?JO83?A
M_8_$F=_^&)K#MZ9G4&WHD^S`GO









*'3F2$TQN(3YHM'6IEREI2B7:=M`SDQ7;IXAG7*7+R=



M1[6T=N*.R7P9'CY4HP)65P_
.N$PR
*HOFOX$C%#N'^Y6P8FF'*4+/5/5'F?


M3J&)-\ABM8/-.3%#
YB9RYG$AH./A4MU8G]6PZGI1=2R(RPPE7J-!OU=H1]&

C$N




MID7`GT*#DPIL#'%/@4`.=P^][WZ
?_EN])GWS/7ELS(


M(;5&H6TND4TBMD4
@8(I&OL
9:OB(X]I5#L%-@[VT4DBND4$BID$HA6X74

M9-@K
?48(E$HX+4P%'Y_=D:[O)=O]W=_K!^G;(J7-%*/0^00VI0&(4KW8TYI

M



=VT*:&*Z3)7M#A]_P
MW0+KBO3WE9JPG%:8CW#!Q;0SGEW




6



M';`O&*Y4S

:3-TR)-2=INY9



;KHH99.^Z94CL

M+4=A\@FT]
'-5!K]639K.4-2_X(A&=.EABJ&I.!60S5#PM5HJ&5(N#H-]0P)

MCLSU6AOC`%).:@70Y:I1`!T4GFK
';2
)B2U'?9:X;$30W$`T^VP:''C*H:D
M6V\U5#-TD+X1+:9O&1+Z3D
]0S&]FH2\OV1LC5PP]I=
\W%H*-&V0N
2\@T
M#HIXR$AAN7XTT.&DA1'#PD=2Q92Z*(?'*5D
U0U*PT5#+D'!U&NH9$JY!

MQV








MF2/?.8AV;/NI8'Z1K'P;RK(IV8ZF*'5*SEK25PN&7



RC$L-50Q)P:V&:H:$J]%0RY!P
M=1KJ&1*N04

ML4\I6FRQ8B[







%%@IQ:N?$X+


^\T$O6^:]F$'1;YS4-R'=3K@M*(^[+F.].&]



KS


M

M_;CT6D%OKSP4=6U7


K68ZF30@\A

M:RDX


M8AQ`RN*L`+KL+@J@3_AD0[%9.B@.H
J)O%840


8!


)`O[EB$Q5S-T
MT%R3F%M=)Q-ORS1BK&-(C/4
'30V)
8NKU?I\?;(1'HSL:)$^=\8CI-^$DV?


M#0P)U\C0Q!6/!

M^@RO+W)*NB*5)&P.PABG(?&W=
0X.&1@U]U-G



MI[C

MX-]*M&2IF2^2K&HK6ES56D.-IF]%*Z1/:M^)%M/W&AHT_2A:(7U2^X^BQ?2?

M)QN+*2

^I%6K*&9&U*
$MF-&YT


C!D-)BW!!)G1F-*2]6J)KC1UU


M@279P#L;TSLY)/1VCVYI`0F]T:



MEJ_Q=B1\8$GPPCI\8(T2O)8.'U@2O)T.'U@2O*0.'U@2O'P.'U@2O`*=;4SO

(B/)2D6<[#9\\$<;)8$O_TFR7!SYTS^AVN]@Y^U)S1SW&U

0*^R)







6))BAES*/?5.
S-(







M3[MC?^XVP9_=-?C]_N]_N_O17[Y=7[ON-@'#^;H)7F^WMVPVN^Y?N]/N.NW?
MNC

MI^Y\DR27[KB[P?[KZ^'MJME.^Z_0G7:7;^]OO^W[TQLH'@_'P^W/@328G/99
M^W+N+[O'(_S^&



O#8]]^$


M7TT239=1N$Z6(/E@X%P-Q*\:&('C@P&@&\S%KQJPGJ[2=+Y8??*DA1J(7S4P






MS

J1G2


M








MN=8R*U6IH?5`&TZ=^%5:3HF=C;G66H:XT9`FCAWF5BO\BIG&2?1/GCC)MHK$

M

MURS8=`2ME?9205@:AOGL*2@?


M5$$(A0Y+H2#K4J;46L

&%B:*`





M68!$7`WS

M3X(W?K#:)\&+/UCMD^#M'FSS2;9IAH](N
WY
L



BYX;6R4F=MNXS80AN\+]!T
W6]LR?))
FO90]OK8O\^[65N5Q
M:'0YS[W%8CV_E/75X1&]B

OA



MTYHU=F:'UZYO+O]P+U?$XE$\$06?4Y2-N]@M?R+(4@3!IPSR[D-]X8]/X;^Y

7/;EPWW;O
TPW-&%W:UD




[WNI='@NOS7*HM.MY[M88T(D,Y(_S.Z4HD^C=Q^7FXWQO;:S<A0PT/$[O
M(;;[3^-<%MWEAP+L&K)8H4#H(8DB@=`=$L40;M$B?12M?+PRPEETFN*E=-8

.;-=SX?+JN446SS*/'))4C[*
2I2*.




6(3P4X




WH.CZ@&6#QH8%/8Z7








\:V]-F1]ZI\MYYL[G
MJ]DEKZXVC^`WGXE1'X]5489U\7HIKQT/TI3GO$/^[:FZM2+:I?A




MBOJ


GUX(?G
MI_K!6NB'!L_/]#/C(]M7)
R[_.&^J=\M3'.
1'O+V:)Q_*UM#:48
AV+@SE2
M



]B)%:@$G[GJJ
M$2$A(1$A
2$)(2DAF4R4]%?&]!E5T^?$\:;T0D)B0B)4D(20G)9**DCUDD


MHGIJU'1L%U$SF2B240-)LB@BHZHT3F1IG+B(+!51V^W#T4AD$A$2$Y(0DA*2
MR411Y&!#

MG


I\L@4J0HFA`DH:8HH0ZIA1EBJ
JA!WX!B'\'J#


M4YAT_^Q$Q>L?F=`

=`J0:&#TPV7U62^H3HH65E+9@8ONLLK0%\]N/
MC2V8YCZK






4Z/G]3*=H\0';B1O.P
U.H!'

)'I.



M``$`````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````G%??;]HP$'Z?M/\!

+6$WLR#8
]M?ODA0(Q;BB;[%]W_W\?+YX

MBA*D9J`ZJ(*KOC/7NKQQ797







EO[S]FC/WUVO-M;_+\
&M.&']3

M````$````'AL+V-A;&-#:&%I;BYX;6P\CL$*`B$41?=!_R!OWS@SBXA0!PKZ

())?70)N&Q_UV.('@
M9FFU



0```/````````````






M:&5E=#0R+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#GBN_44@


M``@````A`!G)WI

M:&5E='

&UL4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`!\9%YC$


M.2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`S[DU2*D*``!-P``&0``````````````





``&$+

M:[



```9````````````



N




``
4(```9````````




S



M!@`(````(09N?RB8QL``*J````9`````````````````#[_``!X;]W;W)K

3


M2P$+0`4``8`````$`%+&,%F(``!.!0``&0````````````````#^)`$`

M



2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8````




965S
TC


=.X8(?!@``*A8``!D`````````````````
M\8



M:&5E='


01```9`````````````````'_/`0!X



M
YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`````$`@;M$+A$0``!]2P``&0``````````````


M+W-H965T



M4$L!`BT`%``&``@````A`&47-\BC@``KBL``!D`````````````````@CT






1````0`!``&D1```^7@(`````
`
end











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
$ 15
000
000
$ 8
400
000
$ 3
800
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution
 percent of employees' gross pay
        
        
        


Employee benefit plans
 total employer contribution
$ 6
058
000
$ 5
717
000
$ 5
481
000


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution
 percent of employees' gross pay
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution
 percent of employees' gross pay
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution percentage
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution percentage
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


Fair Value and Carrying Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        


Fair Value
 Inputs
 Level 2 | Fair Value
        
        


Fair Value and Carrying Value
 Balance Sheet Grouping
 Financial Statement Captions [Line Items]
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 notes payable and loans payable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
October&#160;31
Term loan
 accruing interest at 6.12%
20
30
Capital lease obligation
 imputed interest at 5.53%
 original maturity in 2015
10
20
40
10
10
10
29
414


        
        


        
The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt and capital lease obligations at October&#160;31
 
10
10
20
000




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including but not limited to identification of terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
6
001
7
501


        
        
        


        
(6
000)
(1
500)


        
        
        


        
        
6
001


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


Property
 plant and equipment
$ 62
912
$ 69
942


        
1
894
1
765


        
64
806
71
707


        
        
        


        
9
903
9
187


        
        
        


        
9
535
7
514


        
16
547
18
098


        
1
796
2
310


        
(15
914)
(18
098)


        
22
062
19
096


        
42
744
52
611


        
(2
925)
        


        
$ 45
669
$ 53
089




        
          

        
          
            

 Accrued Expenses and Accounts Receivable
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Thousands
 unless otherwise specified

        

      










        
        
        


Debt and capital lease obligations
 total
$ 20
000
$ 40
213


        
10
000
10
799


Long-term debt
 less current maturities
10
000
29
414


        
        
        


        
        
        


Term loan
 accruing interest at 6.12%
 maturing in 2016
20
000
30
000


Long-term debt
 interest rate
 stated percentage
        
        


Long-term debt
 maturity year
        
        


Capital Leases
 Due 2015
        
        


        
        
        


Capital lease obligation
 imputed interest at 5.53%
 original maturity in 2015
 Company completed early purchase option in July 2014
        
$ 10
213


Long-term debt
 interest rate
 stated percentage
        
        


Long-term debt
 maturity year
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 maintenance
 and taxes to be paid by the lessor
 together with any profit thereon) net of payments or other amounts applied to the principal through the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including all short-term borrowings
 long-term debt
 and capital lease obligations.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13
16)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 aggregate carrying value as of the balance sheet date of loans payable (with maturities initially due after one year or beyond the operating cycle if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


Operating Leases
 Future Minimum Payments Due
 Total
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        
        
        

      


























        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock compensation plan
 maximum shares that may be issued
        
        
        
        
3
500
000
2
250
000


Share purchase plan
 company's matched contributions
        
        
        
        
        
        


Options exercised
 shares
        
6
000
1
500
        
        
        


Stock options exercised
 intrinsic value
        
$ 197
600
        
        
        
        


Options forfeited
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock options forfeited
 intrinsic value
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share purchase plan
 percentage compensation received in the form of restricted stock
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share purchase plan
 percentage compensation received in the form of restricted stock
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share purchase plan
 percentage compensation received in the form of restricted stock
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share purchase plan
 compensation expense related to the matching contribution
199
000
197
000
        
199
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock compensation plan
 maximum shares that may be issued
        
        
        
        
1
562
500
562
500


        
4
831
000
4
588
000
        
4
487
000
        
        


        
7
200
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
566
050
588
200
566
513
568
625
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
84
601
81
819
        
87
431
        
        


Restricted stock awards vested
 weighted average fair value (in usd per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
16
899
14
669
        
10
844
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock compensation plan
 vesting period
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share purchase plan
 shares of restricted stock issued
12
823
16
359
        
14
431
        
        


Share purchase plan
 value per share of restricted issued (in usd per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
24
445
26
528
        
21
263
        
        


Restricted stock awards vested
 weighted average fair value (in usd per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
523
1
732
        
2
421
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Share purchase plan
 shares of restricted stock issued
3
101
4
005
        
3
514
        
        


Share purchase plan
 value per share of restricted issued (in usd per share)
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock compensation plan
 vesting period
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock compensation plan
 vesting period
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
7
366
000
        
        
3
425
000
        
        


Performance share agreements
 performance period
        
        
        
        
        
        


Performance share agreements
 additional holding period
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock compensation plan
 target shares for grant
75
925
95
175
        
98
950
        
        


Performance share agreements
 service period
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
3
200
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
1
543
000
        
        
3
425
000
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
5
823
000
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Performance share agreements
 percentage of grants made
 minimum
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Performance share agreements
 percentage of grants made
 maximum
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock compensation plan
 vesting period
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock compensation plan
 common stock reserved for grant (in shares)
2
250
000
        
        
        
        
        


Stock compensation plan
 term
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Potential Accrual
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Contributions by Plan Participants
 Percentage of Salary
 Maximum
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Employer Contribution
 Percentage
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Award Holding Period
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Maximum Target Goal Percentage
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Minimum Target Goal Percentage
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Performance Period
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Target Number of Shares
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of any subsequent amendments and adjustments
 for awards under the equity-based compensation plan. As stock or unit options and equity instruments other than options are awarded to participants
 the shares or units remain authorized and become reserved for issuance under outstanding awards (not necessarily vested).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
    
							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='none';
							}
							}
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
October&#160;31
122
124
Feed
26
34
24
32
10
6
7
8
190
205
855




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V
M8F4R



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C$T,6(P,E]F.#DW7S0Y,#!?8F8S9E\T
M-V4V8F4R,C=C9F0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C8Q
M-#%B
#)?9C@Y-U\T.3`P7V)F
V9?-#=E-F)E





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X.DYA

241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?3U!%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?4U1//]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?4U1/
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O



&-E;%=O<FMS





M='
O4VAE970Q



3(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

M965T
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z




&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


M7T-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97



M/'@Z3F%M93Y1=6%R=&5R;'E?1FEN86YC:6%L7T1A=&%?=6YA=60\+W@Z3F%M



T0B5V]R:W-H
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS

O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E







;VYG5&5R;5]D96)T7V%N9%]C87!I=&%L7VQE
M87

T0B
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O


\+W@Z3F%M93X-






M86YC:6%L7T1A=&%?=6YA=60Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T




M:&5E='
O4VAE970S





T0B







M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7




M+U-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@



M971S+U-H965T-#





&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*


MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W1O8VM?0V]M





M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W1O8VM?






O4VAE970U

M;6UI=&UE;G1S7V%N9%]#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S7S(\+W@Z3F%M93X-B`@(`\


M968]

O4VAE





@


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW
M7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


M;65N=!A;F0@16YT:71Y($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(A54T0@)D\8G(^/]S=')O

M
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@



]






]


C`Q

]
T1T97AT

]





]





M3TX@1D%235





]
T1R;SX-

]
M
T1T97AT/BTM
3`M






M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y997





]



]


]



]







30Q8C`R7V8X.3=?
M-#DP





]

T1)1#!%3TU!1SX-B`@(`@



]
T1T
M:#Y/8W0N(#







M-2PV



]
T1P

!I;B`R,#$S/]T



T1T;W`^
M26YV96YT;W)I97

C





]
















]




S0L






]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L


M:6%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U.#@L.38Y

M86QI9VX]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3$Q+#(U




]


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='














30W+#8S-3QS


]



M;7`^
3`L












]

M86QI9VX]


M97
M-3`P+#`P

F5D
M('-H87)E<RTT+#4P,PP
#`[(&YO;F4@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



M
#`L
#`P+#`P
#L@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S:&%R97,M(#(S
M+#$S,PU
#
@:6X@
C`Q-!A;F0@,C,L,#$V+#(T,2!I;B`R,#$S/]T9#X-

]
T1R

34P
M+#$R


]


]
T1N



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PQ
3$L


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C$T,6(P,E]F.#DW7S0Y,#!?8F8S
M9E\T-V4V8F4R,C=C9F0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M9C8Q-#%B
#)?9C@Y-U\T.3`P7V)F
V9?-#=E-F)E

M='
O4VAE970P
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q




]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPR







]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1P


#`\

M
#`L
#`P+#`P


]

RPQ

C
L
#$V+#(T
M

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0V]M;6]N(%-T;V-K+!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!S:&%R97

#


RPP
38L
C0Q/'-P

M97)I97


]


]


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@




#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

M

]














M-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R






M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

241!5$5$(%-4
M051%345.5%

@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#
Q


T1T


]



T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S


X-BPQ








]
T1N=6UP/C(L



T1T;W`^4V5L;&EN9RP@9V5N97)A

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$S.2PP


#`L



]





]
T1N=6UP/C(P-2PV-S@\

M-BPS


]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(W/'-P





]
T1N=6T^*#8L
3






T1T;W`^26YC;VUE(&)E9F]R92!I;F-O
M;64@=&%X97



]
T1N=6UP/C$S


]
M




]
















M
#)?9C@Y-U\T.3`P7V)F
V9?-#=E-F)E

O4VAE
M970P-2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS=')O

241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%
@3T8@4U1/0TM(3TQ$15)3)R!%



]

\8G(^


S$L(#(P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


L-3`P






]


]



]


L.30T/'-P86X^


#$R+`R,#$S(&%N9`R




]


]








]
T1T97AT



Q+`R,#$R/]T9#X-


]
T1N=6UP
M/C
Y
2PX
C


M:6=N/3-$=&]P/D5N9&EN9R!86QA;F-E(AI;B!S:&%R97

]









S`L-C$W/'-P86X^



3
P+#8Q

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^0V%S:!D:79I9&5N9'

M97-P96-T:79E;'DI/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
M-BPS



M1&YU;3XH
38L
S

]
T1P

I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@









]










T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4@870@3V-T+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]
T1N=6UP/C(S









]


]


]

C0Y

]
T1T


]

M
2XS

3(L(#(P
3
@
M86YD(#(P


]


]
T1N=6T^*#
P+#0U






]



T1T;W`^27-S=6%N8V4@









]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#


]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#



T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A
M;&%N8V4@870@3V-T+B`S
2P@





]

S$L(#(P
30\

]
T1N=6UP/C(S+#$S

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R
M



]


M4R!/1B!35$]#2TA/3$1%4E

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
2P@


S$L(#(P



]
M


M9VX]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XS
M















S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R







]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3
L.30T/'-P86X^

M;VYG/D%D:G5S=&UE;G1S('1O(')E8V]N8VEL92!N970@:6YC;VUE('1O(&YE





]







T1T

@;VX@86-C;W5N='


]



T1T;W`^1&5F






]


]


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`S
M

]
M



]


RPP




BPW

2PS


34L


3`L

S(L
C0T/'-P86X^








]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@
















]
T1N=6UP/C$V.3QS


T1T





M







34L





]
T1N=6T^*#$U-RPW

@

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q









]


]


38L
S



]


]


]





\

]
T1N=6T^*#$L.#
W*3QS


\

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-#`L-S0S

M86QI9VX]






@870@8F5G

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(W+#@P



M;7`^
38U+#8Q


]
T1N=6UP/C(W+#@P


]








S`L




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-BPT.#D\

M(#DL-#


M=%]F-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T
M:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S


]




M;'DZ5&EM97


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

[/E!R:6YC:7!L97







@86YD(&%C8V]U;G1S(&AA


M


@87)E('-I9VYI9FEC

M9B!I='





M;7

F(S@R









'!T.SY/8W1O8F5R)B
Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL

3

T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/C(P



'!T.SXN(%-A;&5S('1O('1H870@8W5S=&]M97(@86-C





3!P=#L^
30N

T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




30\




3

M;&4]

'!T.SXL(&%N
F4Z,3!P=#L^+!R97-P96-T:79E;'DN












M9!W:&5N(&-O;&QE8W1A8FEL:71Y(&ES(')E87-O;F%B;'D@87-S=7)E9X@



@
M:7

M='

L('!R;V1U
M8W0@=&5R;7
@86YD(&]T:&5R(&ET96US+CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\9&EV('-T






'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E)%0T].0TE
24%4
M24].($]&($=23U-3(%-!3$53(%1/($Y%5!304Q%4R!$3TQ,05)3(AI;B!M




M(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q)2!R;W=S




M/3-$



M



2!C



G!X




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D9I<V-A;!996%R(#(P
30\+V9O




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L








M9G0Z


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M








M


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[




F4Z
3!P=#L^
S`X+C0\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X






G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXH-XQ/]F




M/3-$











T1F



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^4V%L97
@

\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\





G!X



G!X


3!P=#L^


M


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT




G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
#`[



M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M/3-$

P
#`P



P
#`P

'!T.SX\9F]N


T1V97)T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

P
#`P




#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M='(^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M



M93HQ





M:'0Z





38P.SPO



G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-BXU/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


M93HQ











M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#DN-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

'!T.SX\9F]N


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B


P
#`P


M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M
M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW.3DN,3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

M:60@(S`P
#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R

M(')O=W-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E











M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^*#`N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH



G!X








M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\



P
#`P


P
#`P




M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M:'0Z







P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
#`[






M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M

M(S`P
#`P

M






M





38P.SPO9F]N



P
#`P


P
#`P
M


#`P

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





M9RUT;W`Z







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[


M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M

'!T.SY#;VUM:7-S

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^*#$N.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\




B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^



M

'!T.SXH





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^4V%L97

M86YC97




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^*#8N-#PO



T1V97)T:6-A



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXH-BXW



M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV
6QE/3-$)W9E<G1I8V%L

#`P
#`P








M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P


M93HQ

'!T.SX\9F]N


T1V97)T


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^


M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXY.3(N
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O


P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\











3X\9&EV('-T


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXH
XX/]F




M/3-$






M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXH
XU/]F




M/3-$











T1F



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O



T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


P
#`P



P
#`P

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




M;VTZ









P
M
#`P


P
#`P






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3F5T(%-A




#`P

M+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ-30N,SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT
M9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[





M



T1T97AT+6%L


T1F;VYT

'!T.SY-96-H86YI8V%L;'D@


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^
S8N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\9&EV

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^0V]M


T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M/3-$



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M

M

M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]






M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P




3!P=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

P
#`P
#`[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^
S8N-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

7!X



#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
S4N






M





38P.SPO9F]N








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I




3X\




G!X.R!R;W=S






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B







3X\






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXH
3









G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXH


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B






2!C



M.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CEP=#L^*#$I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




#`P


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M;VTZ



M/3-$


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS








#`P
#MB86-K9W)O


3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P



M(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N


M

'!T.SXR+#8X
RXP

#`P
#MB86-K


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P



M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R


M;&4]

'!T.SXR+#
X

#`P
#MB


M/3-$

M





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M
F4Z,3!P=#L^*#$I/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M


3(P)3MT

3!P=#L^3W1H97(@9&5D






3!P=#L^)#0S+C$@;6EL;&EO


3!P=#L^)#0W+C8@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^)#0S+C$@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^



3!P=#L^
C`Q

3!P=#L^
M
C`Q














3!P=#L^

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#,Q.XW(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M






M;7!A;GDF(S@R

@87)E(&9A8VEL:71A=&5D('1H

@86YD('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@:6YT97)N







M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



@=VAE;B!P=7)C

M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




@86-C;W5N='



M8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='



M;7-T86YC97



@9FEN86YC:6%L(&]B;&EG871I;VYS('1O('5S*2P@;W5R

M=64@=7

M;F0@=&AE(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='
@86YD(')E

T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P


3!P=#L^



3(P)3MP861D













3(P)3MP861D:6YG+71O













C`Q
BX\

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


T1F



M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



@=VAI

M92!R96-O=F5R86)L92X@07




@979E;G1U




L(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960@=&AR


[/E-E;&8M26YS


M9!E;7!L;WEE92UR96QA=&5D(&AE86QT:!C87)E(&)E;F5F:71S(&%R92!E



X


@9F]R(&)O=&@@:VYO=VX@8VQA:6US(&%S('=E
M;&P@87


@97AP96YS97
N



@=&\@97AP96YS97
@

M;G
L(&]R(&EF('1H97)E(&ES(&$@;F5G871I=F4@=')E;F0@:6X@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GDF(S@R



M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL






BXY(&UI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL



3!P=#L^)#$N




3!P=#L^

3!P=#L^
C`Q
M


3!P=#L^
C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N


M92UH96EG:'0Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M;7





3(P)3MP






M;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

#$T(')E;6%I;B!O




@:6X@=&AE(&EN8V]M92!S=&%T96UE



M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL








M;VX@;V8@8F%S:6
@96%R;FEN9W

@
M87)E(&EN8VQU9&5D(&EN('1H92!C86QC=6QA=&EO;B!O9B!B87-I8R!E87)N








M
'!T.SX@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&]L9'








M;W`Z


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY
979E;`Q(8C.#(Q
3L@









M;V1E;'
L('-U8V@@87

@86YD('9O;&%T:6QI='D@



M=64@87)E('5N;V)S97)V86)L92!I;G!U='

M:&5S92!V86QU97



M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

Q-C`[

M




3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T
M.SXL('1H92!F86ER('9A;'5E(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W
@8V%S


M



M9!F;W)W87)D(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@8W5R=F5S(&%N9!W97)E(&-A=&5G





@=V5R92!A

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M







F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R




G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M



Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


P
#`P



G!X







M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ


Q-C`[5F%L=64\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I





Q-C`[5F%L=64\+V9O






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY4







M/3-$





T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A



M;W1T;VTZ
















M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



'!T.V-O;&]R.B
R-3(U






@=VET:&EN('1H;W-E

M;VX@:7



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C$T
6(P
E]F
M.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M96YT;W)I97


S$L(#(P






3(P)3MP861D:6YG


M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

T0Q)2!R




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L

M.SY/8W1O8F5R)B
Q-C`[






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O




R!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B





M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


BPQ.#$\+V9O


2!C;VQS






G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

2!C;VQS







3X\9&EV

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^1F5E


G!X.R!R


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M/3-$

M






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M
3!P=#L^
S(L
3



G!X.R!R;W=S












M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V



T1F

'!T.SXV+#0X
SPO9F]N

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#MB86-K


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,#4L.#4U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T



#)?9C@Y-U\T.3`P7V)F
V9?
M-#=E-F)E
C(W8V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8V
M
30Q8C`R7V8X.3=?-#DP

'0O:'1M




]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#




M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97

M97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



M9SH\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R,4[






M


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


2!C



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



M
#LS

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T



M=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#L^,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M/3-$










M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M





M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


#PO




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL




M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^.2PT-3`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO



P
#`P

P
#`P




#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

S+#`U

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M


#)?9C@Y-U\T
M.3`P7V)F
V9?-#=E-F)E

O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M



M=X@,S$L(#(P,30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(@

]

]


]




M;F1E;G0Z


T1F;VYT



'!X

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


38P.S
Q+#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

M

P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I






M





38P.SPO9F]N





G!X.R!R




M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L





M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B

F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




3!P=#L^



M:'0Z






M;VTZ







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O;G0M




M=V%G97

M



'0M86QI





M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ








M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT





'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M9RUT;W`Z


3!P

T1V97)T:6-A














38P



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXU+#$W-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M;'-P86X]






3!P=#L^-2PT.3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V











M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L










T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^





M;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]









M






M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








M




M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]







M93HQ



M960@97AP96YS97



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXQ+#(S
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\










W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



3X\



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P









#`P

M;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^-3@L
M
!D;W5B;&4@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


3(N:'1M;`T*0V]N



^


M1$E$

]





3(P)3MP


M.C$R



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.V9O;G0M




T0P('-T

M
3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q

T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M/3-$

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]



Q-C`[
S$L


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P

T1V


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^5&5R;2!L

B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR,PP



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXS






3!P=#L^0V%P:71A;!L96%S92!O8FQI9V%T:6]N+!I
M;7!U=&5D(&EN=&5R97-T(&%T(#4N-3

M;B`R



P
M
#`P





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]


M+#(Q



P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^
3`L


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M


M

'!T.SXQ

P
#`P
#`[)R!R;W=S






G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P





'!T.SXQ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

L(&EN8W)E87-E('1H
M92!T;W1A;!C;VUM:71T960@8W)E9&ET(&9R;VT@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T




3!P=#L^)#8P



3!P=#L^)#8U+C`@;6EL;&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/B!F;W(@9FES8V%L('EE87)S(#(P
3

T1F;VYT

'!T.SXD
3`N




M=&AE($-O;7!A;GD@96YT97)E9!I;G1O(&%N(&%M96YD;65N=!T;R!T:&4@






3!P

@
C`Q-2`M(#(P
3@N(%1H92!A;65N9&UE
M;G0@86QS;R!I;F-R96%S97



3!P=#L^)#$T




M92!L:6UI='
N(%5N9&5R('1H92!A;65N9&UE;G0L('1H92!A;6]U;G0@86QL



M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





3!P=#L^)#$T



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

M96UE;G0@=&AR;W5G:!/8W1O8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S`L(#(P,30L(&%N9`\+V9O


M93HQ
'!T.SXU



@:6X@8V]N;F5C
M=&EO;B!W:71H('1H92!C;VYS=')U8W1I;VX@;V8@96ET:&5R(&]F('1H92`\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL





@=W)I='1E;B!N;W1I


M;G0@=&AA=!A=!/8W1O8F5R)B
Q-C`[

30\




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXD-C$S+C8@;6EL;&EO;CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


38P




@
M;V8@8W)E9&ET+!L96%V:6YG(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M

M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M;F=S(&%N9!T:&4@8V]M;6ET;65N=!F964@9F]R('1H92!U;G5S960@8F%L

M
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(')O=W-P86X]

M=&@]

M=&@]





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M
M<W1Y;&4Z:71A;&EC.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[=&5X=UD96-O<F%T:6]N

M

7!X('-O




P
#`P


G!X


6QE


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B






M:'0Z






M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXP+C(U





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V97)T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS








M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+C(U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D





3X\







#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S@X
#4[(#0U)2!A;F0@)FQT.R`U-24\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXP




M



M



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^
XU,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS






M;&4]



T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P




3!P=#L^)#$P+C`@;6EL;&EO





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ



3!P=#L^5&AE(&%G9W)E9V%T92!A;FYU




M








T1V




T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%M;W5N=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^



34\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T





2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^
C`Q-CPO9F]N





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;W`Z


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[



P
#`P

7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C$T
M
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R



M='`M97%U:78]

]

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


]
M
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P


M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







'!X.VQI;F4M

'!X.SX\=&%B;&4@8V5L;'!A


!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


#`P

G!X


M



P
#`P


G!X.W!A9&1I






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M:'0Z8F]L9#L^
C`Q

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A




M;&4]

M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z











M;&4]

'!T.SY&961E


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3D\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\









M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3PO9F]N=#X\


P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



P
#`P

P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C






G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


CPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE

T1V97)T





3!P=#L^


M

M1#

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L



M;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M







G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI


3!P=#L^-BPT


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[



M


3!P


M93HQ




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^0VAA;F=E(&EN('9A



M;W1T;VTZ



M
#`P




3X\9&EV


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





'!T.SXV+#@R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



P
#`P

2!C












38P





#`P


M



T1F



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P

G!X.W!A

M

P
M
#`P




T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T


M


M;&4]








3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T














M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I

P
#`P

G!X

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

R+#8R.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V

P
#`P





M+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US





@;V8@
M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R



M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-S
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY/8W1O8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO

P
#`P



M



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C






M
C`Q

M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

6QE/3-$

R!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C

R!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE






T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M:'0Z





38P.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV.2PY-#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




M9G0Z

G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^
2PX.30\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXV-PX
#8\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXW
2PW

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F








3!P


M93HQ



M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^.2PY
#

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXY+#$X


M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]










M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




CAP













3X\9&EV('-T









M

3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.PP.3@\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV

M

G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T




M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXR+#
Q
M

F4Z,3!P=#L^5F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC93PO9F]N=#X\+V1I
M=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MB86-K




3!P
M=#L^*#$U+#DQ-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#MB

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R

F4Z,3!P=#L^5&]T
M86P@9&5F97)R960@=&%X(&%S<V5T<SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!C

B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$

P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]





G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^3F5T(&1E9F5R











M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT








M

M9RUT;W`Z








M;VTZ










3!P=#L^*#0W.#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SY




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXT-2PV-CD\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





G!X.W!A9&1I


T1T97AT



'!T.SX\9F]N





P
#`P









M;&4@(S`P
#`P

G!X

F4Z

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[






M93HQ

M+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M


M=&]B97(F(S$V
#LS
2P@






'!T.SXD
M
RPU
S4L


3!P=#L^+B!4:&4@3F]R=&@@0V%R;VQI;F$@26YV





X
C$W.W
@;W!I;FEO;B!T






'!T.SX@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!H87
@8F5E




M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R




M(&-R961I='



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXD
S$T+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N





'!T.SXD
S$Y+#`P

M92!'96]R9VEA(&-R961I='

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






T1F

'!T.SX@87)E(&%S(&9O
M;&QO=W





M/3-$



M


T1V97)T:6-A



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



M9&5D($]C=&]B97(F(S$V
#LS
2P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


R!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SXR,#$S/]F;VYT





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M;CTS1#


M;W1T;VTZ


3(\

T1V97)T:6-A







T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SY);F-O;64@=&%X97





M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^




G!X.R!R;W=S





3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


3X\




M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY3=&%T92!I;F-O;64@
M=&%X97

M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXY+#0U



M:'0Z





38P.SPO










M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ

M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-RPR-S8\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^





M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M;&4]

'!T.SXH
2PY
M


M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






T1F;VYT








3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V









G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


BPV


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]










3X\9&EV('-T





G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I





'!T.SXH

M;&4]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N





M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X


3!P=#L^
BPS-3
\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXS+#`P.#PO9F]N=#X\

M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M




M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M



M;VTZ











3X\



G!X.R!R




T0R


#`P

M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B@Q+#8W-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A




#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





P
#`P








M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY);F-O;64@=&%X(&5X

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P



M







T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M



M/3-$









M/3-$



M


3DX-BP@87
@86UE;F1E9`H
M=&AE(8C.#(R
#M#;V1E)B
X
C(Q.RDL(')E9V%R9&EN9R!T:&4@9&5D=6-T
2X@5&AE(&9I;F%L(')E9W5L871I;VYS

M=65D(&EN($1E8V5M8F5R(#(P
3$N(%1H92!)4E

@=VEL




M(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G
L(&9I;F%N8VEA;!P;W-I=&EO;BP@;W(@8V%S:!F

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

#)?9C@Y-U\T.3`P7V)F
V9?-#=E-F)E
C(W8V9D#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8V
30Q8C`R7V8X.3=?-#DP
%]B






M
S$L(#(P





T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W
@
M4&5R(%-H87)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A9&1I

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB

M93HQ

M:&4@8V%L8W5L871I;VX@;V8@8F%S:6
@96%R;FEN9W

@86YD(&]T:&5R





3(P



@96%R;FEN9W




T0P(&-E



T0U
M




T0Q)2!R



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


#`P
#`P




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O


S$L(#(P
30\




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X



T1F;VYT+69A


G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^3F5T(&EN8V]M







M93HQ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT




'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ

F4Z





B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

3!P=#L^1&ES=')I
M8G5T960@86YD('5N9&ES=')I8G5T960@96%R;FEN9W
@=&\@8V]M;6]N('-H






B!S='EL93TS


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,C8L.3$S/]F;VYT/CPO



3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T




6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^-3(L
S



G!X.R!R




CL@0F%S:6




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXR
BPT-#$\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR
BPS-C

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXR
BPR.#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO




M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^




M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


CL@0F%S:6
\+V9O





M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





2!C



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+C,U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C






M:'0Z









T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M








M93HQ



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]F-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R
C=C9F0O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

]





]
M

]
M



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.V9O

\+V9O;G0^




X
C(P.T533U`F
M(S@R









M




3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXL


M;'DN($-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G


M








M;&4]

'!T.SXU




'!T.SXU

X
C$W.W


@=&\@=&AE(#0P
M


3!P=#L^)#8L
#4X+#`P
#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^
C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N



3!P=#L^)#4L-S$W+#`P



3!P=#L^
C`Q



M
'!T.SXR



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

30Q8C`R
M7V8X.3=?-#DP







]

T1)1#!%344^#0H@

M;'-P86X]


M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$

]


]


M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


#M0;&%N)B
X
C(Q.RDN(%1H92!0




3!P=#L^
BPR-3`L




#LQ-RP@
C`Q
2P@=&AE('-H87)E



3!P=#L^
BPR-3`L

3!P=#L^('1O

L-3`P+#`P

@86YD




M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


M97




3!P=#L^

M
3!P=#L^
C`Q

3!P=#L^
C`Q
CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



3!P=#L^=&AR964\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T





@9&5F:6YE9X@4F5S=')I8W1E9!S=&]C



@


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXD-PX,S$L,#`P/]F


3!P=#L^


3!P=#L^)#0L-3@X+#`P



M

'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

3




3(\










M

M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\9&EV('-T
#MT97AT+6EN9&5N=#HP<'@[;&EN92UH




3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ
#`E.V)O

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W(')O=W-P86X]

M=VED=&@]





B!S='EL

G!X.W!A



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

M97(F(S$V

T1F;VYT+69A


G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D%V97)A9V4F(S$V






Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^-38V+#4Q
6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q





3!P=#L^-#(N-#0\+V9O


2!C;VQS



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






M










M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US






G!X.R!R


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH.#$L.#$Y/]F;VYT/CPO




2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ

P
#`P


M


3!P=#L^*#$T+#8V.3PO






3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R



#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I

2!C

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT,RXS,CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




38P.S


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M







M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV







M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

'!T.SX\9F]N








M







M






T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXT
M



M;VTZ



6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^












3X\




G!X.R!R;W=S






P
M
#`P







M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V





#`P




3!P=#L^-#0N.#4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



#`P




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\

T1V97)T:6-A




G!X.W!A


3!P

'!T.SX\9F]N









M;&4]




M/3-$





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T




M;&4]

'!T.SXH.#0L





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXT,XR
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,38L.#DY/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[





G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD









G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^-38V+#`U
#PO

P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

P
#`P
M







G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P


M93HQ

M
#`P

G!X

#`P
M


3!P=#L^-#DN
SD\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N

M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R
6QE


3!P
M=#L^-38V+#`U


3!P=#L^



3!P=#L^

3!P



M;&4]

'!T.SY!;'-O

#M0=7)C:&%S92!0
M;&%N)B
X

@86YD(&]T:&5R(&ME












M86YY(&UA:V5S(&UA=&-H:6YG(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G

3!P
M=#L^


M='

@;W(@:6UM961I871E;'D@=7!O;B!D96%T
65E('1E<FUI;F%T97,@96UP;&]Y;65N=!A9G1E


@=7!O;B!T:&4@97AP:7)A
M=&EO;B!O9B!H:7


M9F]R9F5I='
@=&AE(&UA=&-H:6YG(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;B!A;F0@=&AE($-O
M;7!A;GD@;6%Y+!A=!I='

M:6)U=&EO;G
@87)E(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87



3!P=#L^

3!P=#L^
C`Q
SPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^
C`Q







SPO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ

3!P=#L^
RPQ

M;&4]

'!T.SX[(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




3!P=#L^


T1F;VYT

'!T.SXD.#`N.#`\+V9O;G0^


M


M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


T1F

'!T.SXR

M




M93HQ
'!T.SXR



M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^
C$L



3!P=#L^






'!T.SXT.XV-3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M


3!P=#L^
C`Q-#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


3!P=#L^
C`Q



3!P=#L^
C`Q










M92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXD
3DY+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


3!P=#L^)#$Y.2PP

M

'!T.SX@86YD(#PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M

'!T.SXR





F4Z,3!P
M=#L^1'5R:6YG(&9I<V-A;`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXR

3!P=#L^
F4Z,3!P=#L^(&%N9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR


3!P=#L^('1H92!#;VUP86YY(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!P
M97)F;W)M86YC92!S:&%R92!A9W)E96UE;G1S('1H870@9W)A;G0@8V5R=&%I

M96EV92!S:&%R97
@;V8@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R

M8VLL('-U8FIE8W0@=&\@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R





T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


M;&4]



Q-C`[
M







@=VEL
M;!R96-E:79E(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN




3!P=#L^.3@L.34P



#$T('1O=&%L960@











3
L('1H92!#;VUP
M86YY(')E8V]R9&5D(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!C;W-T(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

M/B0S+#0R-2PP







3!P=#L^)#4L.#(S
M+#`P






30L(&%S





M(&-A;B!H879E(&]N('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W

M($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R


N(%1H92!A8V-O=6YT


@=&AE($-O;7!A

M

M92!#;VUP86YY(&1E=&5R;6EN960@=&AA=!I=!W87



@=V]U;&0@8F4@
M96%R;F5D+!A;B!A9&1I=&EO;F%L(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A

3!P=#L^02!S=6UM87)Y
M(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W

T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

3!P=#L^

M.38N-#@T

3


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M



#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


P
#`P



M

F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D]C=&]B
M97(F(S$V,#LS,2P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




38P.S




M





38P.SPO9F]N

M







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\





2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXS+#0R-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE




G!X












M



'!T.SXF(S$V







'!T.SXU+#@R



G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M






3X\



3X\




G!X.R!R





M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R





M




M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^-RPS-C8\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P





P
M
#`P





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^)B
X

P
#`P

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T1L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M
3!P=#L^56YD97(@=&AE($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R



3!P=#L^
BPR-3`L

3!P=#L^('-H87)E




3!P=#L^+7EE
M87(@=&5R;7







M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^02!S=6UM87)Y(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W
M.W

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0W(')O=W-P86X]

M







M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M









3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]

7!X


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




38P.S


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T

M



'!T.SXQ


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


CL\




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA






G!X.R!R















T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S@R



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S@R

Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
M







3!P=#L^-BPP



3X\



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ

M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL








M/3-$















'!T.SXH
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM



P
#`P

2!C;VQS






M









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





#MP861D:6YG+6)O='1O;3HR<'@[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

#`P
#MB86-K



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M.#(Q

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^
M/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD:78@<W1Y;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E.W!A

3!P=#L^1'5R:6YG('1H


3!P=#L^
M)#$Y-RPV






M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW
M7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97


S$L(#(P


@86YD($-O
M;G1I;F=E;F-I97



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@




T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
C`E

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E


3(P)3MP861D:6YG


3!P=#L^5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@:&%S


3!P=#L^

3!P=#L^

M

'!T.SXQ-2XP)3PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US



@870@


M=7
@9&%T97

F4Z



M93HQ

T1F;VYT


F4Z,3!P=#L^+`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M




M(&]F(&]B;&EG871I;VYS('5N9&5R(&YO;BUC86YC96QA8FQE(&]P97)A=&EN
M9R!L96%S97



38P.S
F4Z,3!P=#L^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1'!A9&1I;F<M;&5F=#HP<'@[=&5X
M=UI;F1E;G0Z

M



M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$






M/3-$

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH

P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD

3!P


M93HQ

T1V97)T








M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^
C`Q-CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M


M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXR
M




3X\9&EV('-T



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M









M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

P
#`P



7!X

'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.W!A


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
M




M+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O







M1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M



M8V]M;65N8V5D(&EN($]C=&]B97(@
C`Q
RX@5&AE($-O;7!A;GD@97-T:6UA



M






'!T.SXL





3(P)3MP861D






M($-O;7!A;GDF(S@R

M871I;VYS(&]R(&9I;F%N8VEA;!P;W-I=&EO;BX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

M9&EN9W
@=&\@=VAI8V@@:70@:7










;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]F-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R
C=C9F0O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]


]
T1T:#Y/8W0N
M(#




]
'0^/&1I=B!S


3(P)3MP861D:6YG



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

M93HQ





3!P
M=#MW:61T:#HQ

M:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

3X\

T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


P
#`P





30\+V9O;G0^



R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ





M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




M

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q








M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\


T1V97)T




M:'0Z





38P.SPO


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q






T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

F4Z,3!P=#L^-C8P+#<Q-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R



M;W`Z

M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





G!X.W!A9&1I

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]








3!P


M93HQ








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X.R!R;W=S

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,#@L-#`V/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

2!C;VQS



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B




3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\



B!S='EL93TS

G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


T1V97)T





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^.3
L




M/3-$



M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M










T1F;VYT+69A



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3X\




F4Z
3!P=#L^
RXS
#PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M



3X\

M


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

G!T.SXF(S$V

T0G9F]N



T0Q


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M9#X\=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D

M=&0@=VED=&@]
T0Q

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^


T0Q-2!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV('-T




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B





M;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M



T1F;VYT






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D







G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

6QE/3-$


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O


T1V97)T:6-A



G!X.V)A


3!P


M93HQ











M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXV
C$L








T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXW
S@L.38T




M;VTZ









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXW



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M

M

M86X]


M93HQ



G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C



3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$S

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXQ
#(L
M





M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M

M86X]


M93HQ



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3!P=#L^


M


M;VTZ










3!P=#L^*#`N
S$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE



M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

3!P


M93HQ

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXD



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE








^+RH@1&\@


$5-

3(@36]N=&AS


]











T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SY686QU871I;VX@86YD(%%U86QI



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1P
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M

@

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M/3-$-#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@




T0Y)2!R;W=S




M/3-$


T1V97)T






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\


P
#`P


G!X








#`P

G!X

M86X]




M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY86QA;F-E)B,Q-C`[870\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

M='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY86QA;F-E)B







M=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^
M)B















G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M:'0Z




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





G!X





38P.SPO


R!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T


M

M/3-$

M9G0Z



T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


G!X.W!A





38P.SPO9F]N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B


G!X





38P.SPO

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M



T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B


M/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M+6QE9G0Z



T1O

3!P=#L^)B



M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B


T0S

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B







M

'!T.SY4;W1A;'
\






M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE





M



G!X.W!A


3!P
M=#L^




M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




G!X


3!P=#L^


M







M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P




M
2P@
C`Q



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT





G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]











M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M



M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY!;&QO=V%N8V4@9F]R



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B


M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B





M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B



G!X.R!R




M;W`Z

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^

M







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P








M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M





M

'!T.SXR+#(P
#PO










3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY$

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

T1V



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M



3!P=#L^)B



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M







M;VTZ



M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M+#
W



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






G!X.R!R




M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


T1V








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


'!T.SX\9F]N




M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY5


30Q
M8C`R7V8X.3=?-#DP






]

T1)1#!%04)!



3(@36]N=&AS($5N


]



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E!R:6YC:7!L97



6QE.FET86QI8SL^4')I;F-I<&QE<R!O
M9B!#;VYS;VQI9&%T:6]N.CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M









M;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S(&%R92!S:6=N:69I8V%N=&QY(&%F9F5C=&5D(&)Y(&UA


M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


@8W5S=&]M97)S)B
X
C$W.R!F:6YA;F-I86P@8V]N9&ET:6]N







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR

3!P=#L^+B!3

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXL(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O



3!P=#L^
3
N



'!T.SXR


3!P=#L^
C`Q
CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







@86=R



M8W5S=&]M97)S+!W:&EC:!F;W(@9&]M97-T:6






M96YT+B!2979E;G5E(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960@87




3!P=#LG/CQD

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ








M92!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@9FEN86YC:6%L('-T871E;65N='
@:6X@8V]N9F]R










T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ

3!P




'!T.SYN




T1T;W`^

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







@9FEN86YC:6%L(&]B


M9!B92!R961U8V5D(&)Y(&$@;6%T97)I86P@86UO=6YT(&%N9!T:&4@86QL






[/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S.CPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US


@87)E('-T871E9!A=!T:&4@;&]W97(@

M=!V86QU92X\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT
M.C$R




3!P=#L^;FEN92!M;VYT:'
\





3(P)3MP861D



M=&AE(&9I;FES:&5D('!R;V1U8W0L('1H92!#;VUP86YY(')E9'5C97
@=&AE
M('9A;'5E(&]F(&QI=F4@:6YV96YT;W)I97




3(P)3MP861D:6YG



F4Z,3!P=#L^('1O(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O




]


M;'DZ5&EM97


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R










M;V=R86US/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV('-T

M

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ








X
C$W.R!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@
M8F5N969I='

M969I='

N(%1H92!#;VUP86YY(&%C8W)U
M97
@97AP96YS97

F(S@R


M;&%I;7
@87






L




M97AP96YS97


]




M93HQ



\



M/&1I=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R



@86YD('-E;&8M





3!P


M93HQ



@



M9V@@

]
T1R

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M








]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W,@4&5R(%-H87)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@



@





M;B!T:&4@8V%L8W5L871I;VX@;V8@8F%S:6
@96%R;FEN9W


@;65T:&]D+B!4:&4@='=O+6-L87-S(&UE





@86YY(&1I;'5T:79E(&5F9F5C
M='





T1T;W`^


M;'DZ5&EM97


M93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R

T1F

'!T.SX@5&AE($-O;7!A
M;GD@:&]L9'




@









'!T.SY
979E;`Q(8C.#(Q
3L@26YP=71S('5S960@=&\@




@:6X@;6%R:V5T




L('-U8V@@87
@





M86)L92!I;G!U='

@87)E




6QE.FET86QI8SL^26UP86-T(&]F(%)E8V5N=&QY($ES
M<W5E9!!8V-O=6YT:6YG(%-T86YD87)D<SH\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M


M

C4R-3(U.SY);B!-87D@



@=&AE(')E;&%T





@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&%F=&5R($1E8V5M8F5R(#$U+`R
M,#$V+!O=7(@9FES8V%L(#(P


M=%]F-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R












S$L(#(P




]

M04Q%4R!$3TQ

M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M861D:6YG/3-$

M;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
38E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#@E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I

M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


F4Z.'!T

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ







#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L









G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]



M

T0U

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M


M















38P









M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V





M


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)#PO





'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M/3-$









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^*#0N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXH
3$N
CPO


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M









P
#`P
M

P
#`P





M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


M;W`Z

T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM


G!X.W!A

M






G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B
F4Z
3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXS
3
N
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V






#`P
M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
S0R+C

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC




M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US
!S;VQI



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]




@4V%L97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@



B!S='EL93TS1'9E



T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C$L
#(U+C

T1V97)T:6-A



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXY-34N
M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I










M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N



\+V9O;G0^


M/3-$

M9G0Z

M=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O;G0M


M;&4]







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


G!X






M;VTZ



M/3-$


G!X.R!R



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY/




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M




T1T97AT+6%L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O


M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^)B
Q



P
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0R('-T


#`P

M


M;&4]



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M







#`P

G!X


M


#`U

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI





M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P



M86X]


M93HQ





M





38P.SPO9F]N




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXW.3DN
3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I





M



M
6QE

M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O







M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^
C@R+C`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXS
30N













M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\





G!X


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T1V





3!P


M93HQ






G!X

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M)B
X



G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C


3!P=#L^



M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


T1T



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T





M/3-$

P
#`P



P
#`P

'!T.SX\9F]N







3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O



M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O




M











M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR-34N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M
B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[

M;VTZ



3!P=#L^







M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


Q




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


@
M4V%L97




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]












G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






3X\





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D








T1F;VYT




M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT










38P


G!X


3!P=#L^


M


M;W1T;VTZ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B





2!C




G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T



M



B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M




#`P




M



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\






M93HQ

T1V


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P

G!X.W!A

M







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SY.970@4V%L97

T1V97)T


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3II
M;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ+#`P.2XR/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO


#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


B!S='EL


#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^

P
#`P



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^.#8R+C

M

7!X('-O








M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

@4V%L97

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^



2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\





'!T.SXY.XS/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T




M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^.3`N-#PO






M9RUT;W`Z








M86X]

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&4]




M:'0Z

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D






M/3-$








3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY3







M/3-$









M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\

T1V97)T






3!P=#L^*#`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B






G!X.R!R








M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

T0G=F5R=&EC


G!X

M/3-$



P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R

M93HQ

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V



M;W1T;VTZ





T1T97AT+6%L


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

7!X('-O;&ED(,P,#`P,#`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO




3X\



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M

'!T.SXQ-30N
SPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^.38N.3PO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O




3!P=#L^.#DN
3PO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

T1V97)T:6-A



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L





G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O





G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T



3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B





M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;W`Z


M93HQ

P
#`P




3!P=#L^
M)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A



G!X






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M



#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N

P
#`P





3!P=#L^
S@N



M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]






M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M;&4]

'!T.SY4;W1A
M;'






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SY'

M





6QE/3-$=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#L^
BPW-3`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B









T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T






T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


M

T1V97)T




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\





G!X



G!X


3!P=#L^


M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^4V%L97

\+V9O;G0^


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A






3!P=#L^*#(Y+C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

B!S


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ












M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P












#`P

M9G0Z


3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,C(N-SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S
M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\



#`P
M



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

M:'0Z







P
#`P
#`[8F%C:V=R






M





38P.SPO9F]N

P
#`P


G!X.V)A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P

3!P


M93HQ







F4Z,3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V
M97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HS<'@@9&]U8FQE



M/3-$











2!C;VQS

3II;FAE<FET.V9O
M;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXR+#,X-BXQ/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D('-T

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO

3!P=#L^
6QE/3-$
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z,3(P)3MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

L(&YO




]



3(P)3MP861D



M='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M861D:6YG/3-$

M;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P

M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$-#4E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

M=&0@=VED=&@]


3X\+W1D/CQT

M=VED=&@]
T0Q

M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$

M=&@]



M
T0Q

M


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




T1F

S$L
M(#(P




#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z





S$L(#(P
3



P
#`P



M



M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

M


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ

M








G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
















M;W1T;VTZ


#`P


3!P=#L^


M
!S



P
#`P


M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^-#`N
CPO9F]N=#X\

7!X('-O;&ED




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C$T
6(P
E]F
M.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R




M:78]

]
M


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M96YT;W)I97


S$L(#(P





]


M96YT.C


3!P=#L^26YV96YT;W)I97
@8V]N

M('=I9'1H/3-$-S
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D
M('=I9'1H/3-$

M=VED=&@]



M=&@]
T0Q

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


M93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#MF;VYT+7=E
M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY/8W1O8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^

P
#`P



G!X



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



C`Q
M

M/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I
















M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR-BPR

F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L







T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N




G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^4')O8V5S


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^










M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

M;&4]



M

3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




G!X.W!A9&1I







3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXW+#8P
SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T





B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA

#`P
#MB




M

P
M
#`P



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P




M




M(S`P
#`P





3!P=#L^
3DP+#@R
SPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P

M



M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)B

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



3X\





'!T.SXR

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







C


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5-13X-B`@(`@(#QT

I/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#


M97


'!T




M;&4]




2!C;VQS


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



M/3-$


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



#LS
2P\

T1V97)T:6-A


R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB

#`P
#MP861D:6YG
M+6QE9G0Z




M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B




3X\











T1F


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ






M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


#PO9F]N=#X\





M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O




M






M;&4]




P
#`P

P
#`P




#`P

M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

S+#`U
CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P





M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X

M/3-$




M;&4]

'!T.SXR.2PX

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE
M+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^

M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C8Q-#%B
#)?9C@Y-U\T.3`P7V)F
M
V9?-#=E-F)E









M97

S$L(#(P





T1T;W`^

6QE/3-$;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
3(P


M:'0Z









T0Q)2!R;W=S



T1V



#`P
#MP
M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


G!X


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)B
Q-C`[






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O


3




M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


3X\9&EV



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



M

M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^




F(S@R

M;&%I;7

M

3!P=#L^


M



M:'0Z





38P.SPO









M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C








B!S='EL


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M








3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SY!8V-R=65D(')E8F%T97
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L










M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M/3-$




G!X






'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3X\

M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


G!X









M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R









T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M





M








T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z
3!P=#L^
2PT-C0\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$

M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXX-#(\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@







T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


3!P=#L^
2PQ.34\


2!C






G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\











3X\9&EV


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B









M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




P
#`P
#`[8F%C


#`P
M

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
#`P.V)A

G!X.W!A9&1I

3X\

M
#`P

2!C



M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$



T1F;VYT+69A


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








#)?9C@Y-U\T.3`P
M7V)F
V9?-#=E-F)E
C(W8V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V8V
30Q8C`R7V8X.3=?-#DP








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\

M87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@

]
T1P




96%S92!/8FQI9V%T:6]N



M;&4]

'!T.SY
;VYG





M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O

M9VAT.F)O;&0[/D]C=&]B97(F(S$V
#LS
2P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


T1F;VYT



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


T0R('-T

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT


P+#`P
#PO9F]N



P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N=#X\






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V



M;VTZ



#`P
M



T1F

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
M

M



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M
C`L





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXQ

P
#`P
M





M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M








'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P





M






]
M



]

T0G9F]N







M=VEN9W


X
C$W.W
@;&5V








M=&@]

M=&@]


3X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R



M=US='EL93II=&%L:6,[9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#MT97AT+61E8V]R871I
M;VXZ=6YD97)L:6YE.SY



T1V97)T


B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG

#`P
#MP861D
M:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M;&4]


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC


M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D-O;6UI=&UE;G0F(S$V
#M&964\+V9O;G0^







M;&4]





#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^

M


G!X.R!R;W=S






M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^
XS,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E



2!C;VQS




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B
X.#`U.R`S-24@86YD(9L=#L@-#4E/]F;VYT


G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B





G!X



3X\

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P



T1F

'!T.SXP+C










M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M/3-$











38P


G!X


3!P=#L^


M


M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M




'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N

M/C(N




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\





2!C;VQS




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR


M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1P861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M;&QP861D:6YG/3-$

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.W=I9'1H.C$P
M




3X\+W1D





M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


M


#`P

M9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXR





3!P=#L^
3`L
#`P



M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ,PP
#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






7!X('-O



T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

M;W1T;VTZ




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXR
PP,#`\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^



M
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

2P@
M

]





T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ
M


M;&4]

'!T.SY);F-O





M:6YG/3-$








M/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


#`P
#`P.W!A9&1I




T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E


P
#`P





F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]D


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



C`Q
SPO9F]N


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

#$R


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V


G!X.W!A9&1I









G!X









T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M;&4]







3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T1V97)T:6-A

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A








M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D


3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ




P
#`P
#`[

M(S`P
#`P

M






M





38P.SPO9F]N



P
#`P


P
#`P
M

M(S`P
#`P

M



M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O





M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT




T1V97)T:6-A



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL93TS


M

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\







M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T1V



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V


M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^*#@L


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


T0R



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT

3!P=#L^-BPT

M







M8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R


T0R

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T


#PO


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B







T1F




T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^0VAA;F=E(&EN('9A;'5A=&EO;B!A;&QO=V%N8V4\

T0G=F5R





#`P

M:'0Z






G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXV+#@R
M


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O



P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T






M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#`P.V)A










M;'-P86X]


#`P

M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




P
#`P

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

T1V97)T:6-A





3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXF(S$V



M





T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I





T0G=F5R

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
M
#`P



M

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE
M87(]

T1V97)T








G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ
W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M9RUT;W`Z

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


R+#8R.#PO9F]N

P
#`P

M/3-$






@86YD(&QI86)I





M=VED=&@]



M:61T:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I
M9'1H/3-$









3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V

M

7!X('-O

M9VAT.F)O;&0[/D]C=&]B97(F(S$V
#LS
2P\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M
R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z






M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


T1F;VYT

Z



M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B



M



M




3X\9&EV('-T



G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B



M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT


CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D




T1F

'!T.SXQ+#@Y-#PO9F]N

'!T.SX\9F]N




B!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3!P=#L^
2PW-C4\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T



3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT





M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^







M;&4]

'!T.SY$969E

M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S


M93HQ








G!X




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

@86YD(&%C8V]U;G1S(')E8V5I=F%B;&4\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXY
M+#DP



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\













M






M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M






M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXW+#4Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^4W1A=&4@:6YC

M

M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M





G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R

3!P=#L^)B


M;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^3W1H97(\

T1V97)T

3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\













M



F4Z
3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXH
M


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[9F]N


3!P=#L^)B
F4Z

M

'!T.SXH
3@L
#DX


M86X]


#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

CPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V



M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI




#`P


M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M9RUT;W`Z




T1F;VYT

'!T.SY.970@9&5F97)R960@

M;&4@(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z









M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]

T1V





M



'!T.SXF(S$V

M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P

G!X

























M/3-$



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I




2!C



G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CPO='(^



P
#`P



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R







M;VTZ



M/3-$

M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




#`P

M;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R







M

'!T.SY.970@9&5F

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M/3-$



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXT

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]








T1T;W`^1&EF9F5R96YC97
@
M0F5T=V5E;B!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@169F96-T:79E($EN8V]M92!487@@4F%T

M92UH96EG:'0Z

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE




3!P=#L^
S4N

T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q


M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@



M:'0Z





38P.SPO

P
M
#`P

M9RUB;W1T;VTZ





M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



C`Q

M(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P





T1T97AT+6%L

M.SXR

P
#`P


G!X.W!A


6QE/3-$



M:'0Z





38P.SPO



3X\9&EV('-T










M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ








T1F;VYT+69A



M

'!T.SXW






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z




M


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I


P+#
P
#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\



G!X.R!R

3II;FAE<FET
M.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXY+#0U,#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S






'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


B!S

G!X

M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^

T1V97)T:6-A





F4Z,3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E<G1I


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M

'!T.SXH-RPR-S8\


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT






M





T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





3X\9&EV('-T


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH-S$U/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


T0R('-T



6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^*#$S

M93HQ




G!X.W!A9&1I







@*&1E9'5C






G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M




M




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^*3PO


B!S='EL93TS1'9E


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXH,BPQ.3$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^




G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^3F]N9&5D=6-T




M/3-$

M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



3X\9&EV('-T




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




G!X.W!A9&1I











M





38P.SPO9F]N





'!T.SXH
C

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I

F4Z










#`P




3!P


M93HQ


P
#`P


G!X



3!P=#L^-BPX
C
\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


M;VTZ

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE





#`P

G!X.W!A


T1T







W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P






3!P=#L^
3
P+#0Q.#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T=&]M.V)O

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P


G!X

F4Z

#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD


3X\9&EV



M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C





P
#`P



M965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P


T1F

'!T.SXS
BPV
C@\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE




3(@


]


]

]
M



T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ

'!T





3!P=#MW:61T
M:#HQ

M9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3X\+W1D/CPO

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q
M/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO
M=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^
M/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE


P
#`P






M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT



2P@


M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


#`P
M



T0Q/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY/8W1O8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO





3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


M;VTZ


M
S$L(#(P

M





M






M

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT+7-I

3!P=#L^



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P
M=#L^)B






3!P=#L^
3
P



G!X.W!A


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O

3!P=#L^)B







3!P=#L^-3


G!X



3X\
'0M:6YD96YT.BTQ,G!X.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL

3!P


M93HQ

T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B


M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3HQ

#`P




M





P
#`P


M







T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC

G!X


M=#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z








M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

M(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q/CQD


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P

3

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXU
BPS



M

M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P


X
C$R

B!S='EL

G!X.W!A

T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE










38P



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]

M



M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



M


M

M9&EN9R`F(S@R
3([($1I;'5T960\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L


M;W`Z


3!P=#L^
M





3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]

M;&4]


G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@


M9RUT;W`Z


3!P
M=#L^
C(L




M/3-$





M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV('-T
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ
M,XX



G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M

3II;FAE
M<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXU+C8X/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M


S4\









T1F;VYT



M;&4]

'!T.SXQ

M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P



M9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$



C@N:'1M;`T*


M:G


M9#TS1$E$


3(@36]N=&AS($5N


]

@




'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT


M






M:#TS1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H
M/3-$










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M

T1V


Q
6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ


M(&-O;'-P86X]



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$^/&1I=B!S='EL


M

M:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY!=F5R86=E)B

M.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/E!R:6-E/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




38P.S


M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]


M-BPU
3


M/3-$






M:'0Z





38P.SPO

M/3-$







3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\


'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P







3!P=#L^
3$X+#$W-3PO9F]N=#X\


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




M
3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ
M93HQ,'!T.SXT.XU




M;W`Z


M






M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N







#`P



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


P
#`P



M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^*3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D



#`P
#`P



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N


P
#`P


3X\9&EV('-T



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M





M











'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]


M;W`Z




T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXF(S$V





M/3-$


M+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^







M;&4]



C`Q







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A9&1I

T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXT




M;&4]

'!T.SX\8G(@
M8VQE87(]




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SY697-T960@9'5R:6YG(#(P
3


M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^*#@W+#0S


M9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^
M)B





3!P=#L^-#(N
C8\


2!C






T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]







M;W1T;VTZ






M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ



M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV



3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SX\
M8G(@8VQE87(]


T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIT;W`[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC;VQO

G!X.W!A








C4\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T



#`P
#`P



T1F;VYT

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T
M.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N





#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]


M93HQ


M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]





G!X





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\




M







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]







M

'!T.SY697-T960@
M9'5R:6YG(#(P

T1V97)T





3!P=#L^*#@T+#8P
3PO


M;W(Z(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B



M9RUT;W`Z



3!P=#L^-#`N

M;&4]







G!X.W!A9&1I


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^1F]R9F5I=&5D(&1U






2!C





M





38P.SPO9F]N




M/3-$







'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^







M;&4]

'!T.SY/=71S
M=&%N9&EN9R!A=!/8W1O8F5R)B,Q-C`[,S$L(#(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^






#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L



#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

#`P
#LG(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


]





M;&4]
T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^02!S=6UM87)Y(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)W
@8V]M


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ







3

M1#$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M
3
E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
M

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@

M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
30E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




M





38P.SPO9F]N


M86X]
T0Q

M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]





#`P

G!X

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE

M9B!097)F;W)M86YC92!3:&%R92!!9W)E96UE;G0\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M;W1T;VTZ

P
#`P
M

M;W1T;VTZ




M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B




M





38P.SPO9F]N


38P.S
Q+`R,#$R/]F;VYT




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ




3X\9&EV('-T







T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE






3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V




M;VTZ




M='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]








T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]




M=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O

T1V97)T:6-A


M;&4]

'!T.SXU+#@R
M



G!X.R!R





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXF(S@R,3([/]F;VYT/CPO







M



M




M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N




M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



M/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

M



'!T.SXF(S@R

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z




T1F

'!T.SY4;W1A;!C;VUP
M96YS871I;VX@8V]S=#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1'9E



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
M


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M



3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T

P
M
#`P



#`P

6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF;VYT


M

W!X(&1O
M=6)L92`C
#`P











P
#`P

2!C



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B

M(S`P
#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


#`P
#LG
M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P

G!X.W!A

#`P
#`P

F4Z
3!P=#L^)B
X
C$R.SPO9F]N

P
#`P
#`[8F]R9&5R+71O

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@3W!T:6]N($%C
M=&EV:71Y(&%N9!296QA=&5D($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



T1L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ


3!P=#L^02!S=6UM87)Y(&]F('1H92!#;VUP86YY)B
X
C$W.W


T1L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M93IC;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0W(')O=W-P86X]

T0Q)2!R



M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV










M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED


6QE/3-$9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ:6YH97)I=#MF



M+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P

38P.S
Q+`R,#$P/]F;VYT


G!X.W!A

T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V9O







M;&4]


3!P=#L^


M
'!T.SXQ

M+6QE9G0Z

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


CL\+V9O;G0^



G!X.W!A






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\




T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL








M/3-$















'!T.SXF(S@R


G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV

'!T.SX\9F]N

M/B8C


M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S@R
M

Q-C`[
S$L(#(P
3$\+V9O







3!P=#L^-BPP
#$\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\

T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


3X\9&EV('-T




M;W1T;VTZ


2!C;VQS


M93HQ


3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXQ
M


M

M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I



F4Z,3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L






'!T.SXF(S@R
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V9O








2!C




F4Z,3!P=#L^
M,3(N,S<\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@<W1Y;&4],T1V97)T:6-A;UA











'!T.SXH


M
#L@<F]W



T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ


P
#`P


M




G!X.R!R









T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT


CL\+V9O

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ8F]T

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P

M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(V-C965F9CLG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P






M


#`P
#MB86-K9W)O=6YD



T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T


CL\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

W!X(&1O=6)L92`C
#`P
#`P.V)A8VMG

T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/]T



M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O


]



T1T;W`^/'-T



M9VX]
T1T;W`^36EN:6UU;2!



3!P=#LG/CQD:78@

T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#HQ




@
M;V8@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$



2!C;VQS




R!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE
M9G0Z




T1F



G!X.W!A





T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE

M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]



'0M86QI9VXZ


6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M

T1V



'0M86QI9VXZ


3!P=#L^


G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T




3X\9&EV

M;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M;&4]

3!P=#L^/&)R


M(V-C965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N


3!P=#L^

3!P=#L^/&9O


'!T


M/3-$



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1O=F5R9FQO=SIH:61D96X[


3!P=#L^)B

#`P
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z
G!X.W!A9&1I


#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


3!P=#L^

P
#`P

M9&EN9RUT;W`Z


#`P


3!P
M=#L^
C`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT9!S='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A

P
#`P
M

#`P
#LG(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N







^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E




S$L(#(P


]


]



'!X.VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.FYO


T0P



M




T0Q



M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
24@




T0Q)2!R;W=S



M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]


P
#`P

M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ



F4Z.'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[/D9I<G-T/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CQD


M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP

P
#`P








T0S('-T


#`P

M

M=W-P86X]







M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M
3!P=#L^)B




M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT


M;VTZ


T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

M='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F



#L@<F]W<W!A;CTS1#$@8V]L





'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@8V]L





M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


M




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT

M;&4]

38P

'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P








T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD:78@


'!T.SX\9F]N






M.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z





T1V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CIB;W1T;VT[8F%C:V=R;W5N9UC


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT




M93HQ



M:6YG+6QE9G0Z


M93HQ

T1V


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT



'!T.SX\9F]N




G!X


'!T.SX\9F]N




T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
M


M
'!T.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M


3!P=#L^-C@L



M9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


G!X.W!A


3!P=#L^
3`X+#0P-CPO



G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N


M;VTZ

3II;FAE<FET.V9O;G0M<VEZ93HQ,'!T.SXQ.#(L,S4Q/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV







G!X.W!A



3X\9&EV



M:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[




M;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT





M965F9CMP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O
M;'-P86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE






M861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z



T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I











M



'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T


M+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


T1F

6QE/3-$=&5X=UA









T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV










T1F;VYT+69A;6EL

'!T.SX\8G(@8VQE87(]
T1N;VYE+SX\
M+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/]D:78^/&1I
M=B!S='EL93TS1&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.C$R


T1L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#HQ







3!P=#MW:61T:#HQ

M;VQL87!S93MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[)SX\='(^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P
M86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$


T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$
3$E(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CPO=&0^/'1D('=I9'1H/3-$




G!X.R!R;W=S





38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\

P
#`P


G!X


M96%R(#(P
3

M



#`P
M
#MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


3X\9&EV








M:'0Z





38P.SPO








M;&4]

'!T.SXF(S$V
M


T0G

7!X('-O;&ED

F4Z.'!T.SX\
M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP
M=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.SY1=6%R=&5R/]F;VYT/CPO9&EV/CPO=&0^





3!P=#L^/&9O;G0@


'!T.SXF
M(S$V


M

7!X('-O






M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B






3!P


M93HQ
'!T.SXF(S$V

M1#


F4Z.'!T.SXF(S$V,#L\+V9O;G0^/]D


M



M

'!T
M.SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1&9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE



M;3MP861D:6YG+6QE9G0Z


T0Q(&-O;'-P
M86X]



3!P=#L^)B

M;G0M9F%M:6QY.FEN:&5R:70[9F]N=US:7IE.CAP=#L^)B,Q-C`[/]F;VYT



G!X

M(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L


3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\


M.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N








T0Q
M(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[9F]N



M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M




M9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M



M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L



M9RUT;W`Z

M.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

M

3!P=#L^)#PO9F]N


M8V%L+6%L:6=N.F)O='1O;3MB86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B-C8V5E9F8[(')O
M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N


3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$;F]N92\^


G!X









T1F

'!T.SXQ

M;VT[(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT

3!P=#L^/&)R(&-L96%R/3-$


M;W1T;VTZ




G!X.W!A9&1I






'!T.SXF(S$V
#L\+V9O;G0^/]D:78^/]T9#X\=&0@






'!T.SXQ
S
6QE/3-$=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T




M86X]






3!P=#L^
3`R+#$R-#PO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D/CQT




T1F

'!T.SXH-BPY-#
\+V9O


G!X

M
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[








3X\

T1V97)T







G!X.W!A9&1I



3X\9&EV('-T


M



T1F;VYT+69A

'!T.SXV-RPY



M





M/3-$




38P.SPO9F]N=#X\+V1I=CX\+W1D

3!P


M93HQ

T1V








M=W-P86X]
T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]

T1T97AT+6%L:6=N




M9RUT;W`Z











T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q/CQD


3!P







T1F;VYT+69A;6EL


T0Q(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q


M


M9&EN9RUB;W1T;VTZ


3X\9&EV






3!P=#L^
BXY-3PO9F]N=#X\+V1I


M9RUB;W1T;VTZ


2!C









3X\



3X\9&EV


M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*

30Q8C`R7V8X.3=?-#DP
%]B9C-F7S0W






]



T0S/C$R


]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#


]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#




]
T1R;SX-




















]



]
M
T1N=6UP/C$V-2PV
3`L





]


]


]

M;&EC:65S(%M








]
T1T97AT/C


]


]













]


]


]

M;&EC:65S(%M








]


]


]



T1T;W`^/'-T








]








]


]


]


M='5R:71I97


]

]
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T
M;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!R979E;G5E(&9R;VT@82!S:6YG;&4@;6%J;W(@

]
T1N=6UP


]

]
T1P

]

]


]





\+W1D



3@L-S`P+#`P


T1T;W`^0W5S=&]M97(@0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K







M:6-I97


]





]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]

]


]





\+W1D

]

M-C`P+#`P

]


M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\





@+2!296-O;F-I;&EA



]
M
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^2G5L+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]


S$L(#(P

























#`L
#`P/'-P86X^












M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
RPT
#`L



]
T1N=6T^*#$S+#DP












M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R.2PT
#`L



]
T1N=6T^*#(W+#$P






#`L
#`P*3QS

]

]
M



]

M-C$L

M1&YU;7`^-S

]
T1N=6UP/C4Y-2PW-C`L
#`P/'-P86X^

BPW-S0L
M.#0U+#`P

]
T1N=6UP/C(L-C@R+#DX
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



]


T1T



M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]


]

S`X
M+#0P

]
T1R

M


#`L
#`P*3QS

]
T1N=6T^*#0L
S`P+#`P

]









M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
2PR
M
#`L

]
T1N=6T^*#$Q+#(P

#`L
#`P*3QS




]


]


]


]





M












M;7`^
S$S+#
P


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]


T1T;W`^



]


M.34U+#`P

]
M

]

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#4L-3`P+#`P
M

#`I/'-P


]


]

]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#@L-S`P
M+#`P

#`I






P




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT



M
S(L-S`P+#`P

]

M
#`L


















]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1F;CX\+W1D

]


]

]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C(U
M-RPY
#`L




30L
3`P+#`P
M


\

]


]


]


]


#`I/'-P86X^


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
#`L


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4V%L97

\+W1D

]


]


]


]




M
S`P+#`P

]
T1R

#`I/'-P


]
T1F


















]



]


]


]


]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






]


2PP
#DL-C`P+#`P



]
T1N=6UP/C@W-2PW
#`L










2PX
#`L


]
T1N
M=6T^*#$L.#`P+#`P













#`L

]
M
T1N=6T^*#@L
S`P+#`P




#`L
#`P

M-RPU
#`L


#`L



]





]

]

































M86QI9VX]



]


]


]


]


M87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X
#`L
M


T1T;W`^4V%L97
@86YD


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@T
#`L
#`P

T1T;W`^3W1H97(\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]



]













M
34T+#
P

3`P+#`P
M

T1T;W`^365C:&%N:6-A;&QY




]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]



]


M9VX]

@4V%L97

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

S4L
M
S`P+#`P


T1T;W`^0V]M;6ES


]


]


]


]






T1T;W`^4V%L
M97



]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]


]



#`L










#)?9C@Y-U\T
M.3`P7V)F
V9?-#=E-F)E
C(W8V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V8V
30Q8C`R7V8X.3=?-#DP






]

M9!#87!I=&%L($QE87-E($]B;&EG871I;VYS(A$971A:6PI(A54T0@)D\
M8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#
Q



M;VYS(%M













]



M971S+U-H965T

M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5$
D%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M



S$L(#(P
30\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@
C`Q
M

]




]
T1R


]





]




]





]


]











M1&YU;7`^
3`L




\+W1D/@T*

]



]




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DEN=F5N=&]R:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


#)?9C@Y-U\T.3`P7V)F
V9?-#=E
M-F)E
C(W8V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8V
30Q
M8C`R7V8X.3=?-#DP

'0O:'1M;#L@


]

M/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@
C`Q-#QB

#$S


]


M86QI9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/CDL



M96YS97


]








M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5!1D%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$

@*$1E=&%I;D@*%531`D



]
T1T:#Y/8W0N
M(#








]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C4L-3
Q/'-P




]






]
T1R

]
T1N



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L









]
T1N=6UP/C$L

]
T1R

]
T1N
M=6UP/C


2PR



M
#)?9C@Y-U\T.3`P7V)F
V9?-#=E-F)E
C(W8V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8V
30Q8C`R7V8X.3=?-#DP
%]B9C-F7S0W939B





]




]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#

]


T1T;W`^1&5B=!A;F0@8V%P:71A;!L96%S



]


3`L

3`L-SDY/'-P86X^

;VYG


]
T1N=6UP/C$P+#`P



T1T;W`^5&5R;2!
;V%N





M8W)U:6YG(&EN=&5R97-T(&%T(#8N





]
M



T1T;W`^




]








]

M;6%T=7)I='D@:6X@



3






]

]
T1T97AT/C(P
M

M=#XR


M=%]F-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@+2!!9&1I=&EO;F%L

3(@36]N






]

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#












]

#`L

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

#`L
#`P/'-P86X^












M;7`^

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C8Q
RPV
#`L





]


]


]


T1T;W`^4F5V;VQV:6YG(&-R

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$T



]


]


]


]


]









PP,#`L,#`P/'-P86X^/]S

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



]


]


]


]



M=!S=&%R=!D871E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XR
M

















]
T1N=6UP

]
T1T

]
T1N




M:6=N/3-$=&]P/C(P
3

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

]
T1R93X-

#`P+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]





#`L




]


]
T1N=6UP/C8U+#`P






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]


]


T1T;W`^



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

M='5R92!L:6UI=&%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X



#`L




#`P+#`P


'!E;F1I
M='5R92!L:6UI=&%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X





]


]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]




]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5V;VQV:6YG(&-R961I=!F

#`L

34L
#`P+#`P


T1T;W`^
C`Q-SPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@









]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]





#`L

#`P+#`P



T1T;W`^4F5V;VQV:6YG(&-R961I









]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^,C`Q.#PO=&0^#0H@(`@











]


]


]


]


]


]



]


#`L




34L
#`P+#`P


T1T;W`^3&5T=&5R(&]F($-R










]


]


]



3
L.#`P+#`P


]


]


]


]











]


]


]


]


]










]


]


]


]



]









]


]


]


]



]

















#`P+#`P




]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M

]
T1R

]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#@P

]
M








M
#`L


M=%]F-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R








]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#




]






]

]
T1T

]



T1T

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4V-E;F%R:6\@







]





]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@




]
T1R93X-





T1T;W`^


]


]


T1T;W`^0V]M

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
M








M0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y(%M











]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@




]


T1T


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

]
T1N=6UP

]





]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&5V97)A9V4@4F%T:6\\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4V-E;F%R:6\@-3PO=&0^#0H@(`@



M($9A8VEL:71Y(%M




]
T1N=6UP/C(N




]




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

30Q8C`R
M7V8X.3=?-#DP







]

T1)1#!%-D-!0SX-








]
T1T

]

3`L
M


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`L
#`P/'-P

3

M7V8V
30Q8C`R7V8X.3=?-#DP
%]B9C-F7S0W939B93(R-V-F9`T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)

M86X]

#$T

S$L(#(P
M
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@
M
C`Q

]














M96YT(&EN8V]M92!T87@@97AP96YS92`H8F5N969I=DL('1O=&%L/]T9#X-





M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4W1A=&4\+W1D/@T*(`@

]


]


]

]
M


]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1N


]


]






^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C















]

]
T1N=6UP/C8T+#@P-CQS


M



]
T1N=6UP/CDL

]


M;7`^.2PU


]
T1P


]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
S$P/'-P

M86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$
M;G5M/B@Q-2PY


3@L



]
T1N=6UP/C(R+#`V



]









M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO9C8Q-#%B
#)?9C@Y-U\T.3`P7V)F
M
V9?-#=E-F)E

O4VAE970T
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


]

]
T1T


]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#




]

]
M


]


]



]

M;7`^


3@L



]

]
T1R93X-










]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]



M97


]

L(&IO8B!T87@@8W)E



T1T;W`^1&5C




30Q8C`R7V8X.3=?-#DP
%]B9C-F7S0W939B


]
M






#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@
C`Q


]




M;64@=&%X97


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S`L





]


@*&1E9'5C

M/B@Q
BPV








]



C


M

]










]
T1N








M/B0@*#$S

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?
M8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS




L(&5X

]




S$L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^07!R+B`S

]
M
T1T:#Y*86XN(#
Q+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S


]


S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@
M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@



S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


@4&5R


]


]


]


]


]



RPQ




]
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3
P


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$L-C$R*3QS













3


S


]



BPS-C


BPR



]


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


]


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BXR


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@





;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]F-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V
M8F4R



]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O($YO



]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#


T1T;W`^

:6YE($ET96US





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RPX
M
#`L










RXP

]
M

M





]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C
N


]




















]
T1R93X-



]


]


]



M-3`N




M=%]F-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R






T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#
Q

]
T1T:#Y/
M8W0N(#

M/D9E8BX@

3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1F5B+B`Q-RP@

]



]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]





M;7`^
RPU
#`L


BPR-3`L





]

M:&%R97

]
T1N=6UP/C8L
#`P/'-P

2PU
M




M=&]P/E-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G

]


]


]



T1T;W`^3W!T


]


]

M86QI9VX]



]











]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$P
























]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]










]


]


]


]









:6YE($ET96US73PO





]



T1T;W`^4F5S=')I






















BPU
M





S$L



#`P/'-P





]
T1R

M+#`U




]



]





]


]



T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!S=&]C
M:R!A=V%R9',@=F5S=&5D(AI;B!S:&%R97
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




]




]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@











M87)D(%M


]
T1T97AT/C

















]





]
T1N=6UP/B`W.2XR/'-P

]
T1N





M
2PU
C




]





]


RPQ


]
T1N=6UP/C




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#@N
3






]























]


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XT('EE




]

M86QI9VX]












]






]

M86QI9VX]










]


]
T1N=6UP/CDX+#DU


]


]

]
T1T97AT/C
























]

]
M


]









M+#@R
RPP








30@4&5R





]



]


]


]


]









:6YE($ET96US73PO









]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

]


]


]



T1T;W`^4&5R9F]R

@

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(P



#`N






]


]


]


]




]


]


]

]
M










M








M87)T7V8V
30Q8C`R7V8X.3=?-#DP
%]B9C-F7S0W939B93(R-V-F9`T*0V]N





]

M



^
3(@


]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#










]
T1N=6UP/C4V-BPU
3




]
M

]


]

M:6]D(AI;B!S:&%R97,I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M
M/B@X-PV



]



]



]
M





]


]



]






BXR

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#
N





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]F-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R
C=C9F0O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


@+2!38VAE9'5L

M97


]


]
T1T
M:#Y/8W0N(#


]




M=&]P/D%L;&]C871E9!3:&%R92UB87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@17AP96YS

V-BPP
#`\

M(#
L-#(U+#`P


T1T;W`^
C`Q
B!097)F;W)M86YC92!3:&%R92!!9W)E96UE

]





]


]


]

]

]




M=&]P/D%L;&]C871E9!3:&%R92UB87-E9!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@17AP96YS

RPP
#`\



30Q
M8C`R7V8X.3=?-#DP






]

T1)1#!%2$5!

]

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#
Q+`R,#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@






]


T1T;W`^

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#4P


]





]





]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(N







#)?9C@Y-U\T.3`P7V)F
V9?-#=E-F)E
C(W
M8V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8V
30Q8C`R7V8X
M.3=?-#DP






]




M(&-O;'-P86X]



S$L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
2P@


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^



]
M

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$Q+#0V


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#0V


T1T;W`^4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!E;7!L;WEE97
@8V]V

34N


L(&9E


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S(L-#`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S(L-#`P
M+#`P


M
T1T;W`^0V]N=')A8W1U86P@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G





]
T1N=6UP/C8X+#8P


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U



#`\




#0L-C`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q




M;VYS=')U8W1I;VX@8V]S='


#`L

SDL-S`P+#`P



T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ

]
M



]

]
T1P


]


]


]








#`P
M+#`P

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@-BPX
#`L

M/5].97AT4&%R=%]F-C$T
6(P
E]F.#DW7S0Y
#!?8F8S9E\T-V4V8F4R
C=C



M;W)T(&ED/3-$240P135$04

]
T1T:#Y/8W0N(#



#$U


]



]


]



96%S97
L($9U='5R


#)?9C@Y-U\T.3`P7V)F
V9?-#=E
M-F)E
C(W8V9D#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V8V
30Q
M8C`R7V8X.3=?-#DP

'0O:'1M;#L@


]


T0X/C
@36]N

M;CTS1#
^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

]


S$L
M(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3V-T+B`S
M
2P@
C`Q


]
T1T
M:#Y/8W0N(#


M86QI9VX]
















]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S8P+#@U


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C8P


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S(W+#`V

]


]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@




@

S4Q

M
38Q+#
Y





]
T1N=6UP/C4X+#DV


]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]



]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3
L.30T



M


N


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6T^)`H,XS
2D\






30Q8C`R7V8X.3=?-#DP
%]B9C-F7S0W939B93(R



]
T1R


L(%53



T0R

]

#$R/&)R


]


M(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PW







M(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$9FX^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\

]


]


]



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPR








30Q8C`R7V8X.3=?-#DP
%]B9C-F7S0W939B93(R-V-F




M;W)K8F]O:RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#$N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`U+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3
N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
C(N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968],T0B4VAE970R-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
C4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(V+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#(Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S
YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970S
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S0N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#

T0B4VAE970S.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,BYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970T-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#8N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4P+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#4S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]

#)?9C@Y

V9?-#=E-F)E

 'defref_safm_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_NC'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_GA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_IncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ReconciliationOfProvisionOfIncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ReconciliationOfProvisionOfIncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis=us-gaap_InternalRevenueServiceIRSMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ReconciliationOfProvisionOfIncomeTaxesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCredits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_BreederCostsAmortizationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_BuildingMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis=us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis=us-gaap_CashEquivalentsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SecuritiesMaturity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=safm_OutsideUnitedStatesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis=us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_ProductSixMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_OtherSalesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_ProductOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_OtherSalesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_ProductTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_OtherSalesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_ProductThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_OtherSalesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_ProductFourMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_OtherSalesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_ProductFiveMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_OtherSalesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=safm_ProductOneSubCategoryOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesCommissionsAndFees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesDiscountsReturnsAndAllowancesGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_OtherSalesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LandAndBuildingsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReserveNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockNumberOfSharesParValueAndOtherDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedAndUndistributedEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Supplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedBonusesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WorkersCompensationLiabilityCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedVacationCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccrualForTaxesOtherThanIncomeTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedSalesCommissionCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedPayrollTaxesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredRevenueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_InventoryWriteDownAndRecoveries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesPayableNetOfIncomeTaxesReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSharesUnderIncentiveAndShareBasedCompensationPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_ProceedsPaymentsFromCommonStockIssuedUnderStockCompensationPlans'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=safm_OtherPreferredStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'

begin 644 0001445305-14-005601-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(`.4[DD4JLQ2B3\!`(3`%``1`!P`<V%F;2TR
#$T
3`S
2YX

XDH#?-V+_@]:]
MT[$;895YZ7(=$SIKO.LJNVSW]

M?I(QNB[T*!MB9D\*O^-NA]C\GFZQ&-YJ=*N8E;):K6K56D\U#$5!5=4T%

H
MH9JE&EKW^NT6EW7
KW8UTU*

2[\IG)A



MQIN
\`W/5.2Y



M

MQ$Q


\$GXOYL3!K8
0=#Q'XN
M@?F
;-E?'N^2=4%-1%A@9A]FUOJ]IN]Z=(C96MZ5'O`;^I.R669W
2==.#.S
MQ
RQM]Y![E#:

#[DP3!UN\#^$_/#&Q=UO$-6WJ^@R[
M
:E+%A*F1WWLQVDKR4WZ05I9V




HK/53)U!)9!;^/7H#$-1*#


%W0B-6I2JI'K1$NN1J.H*R=2HRZK&DO)U5@Y'8V&K&JL)E;C






ME3VJ\^6AYC

5BZHS;!WFL\P6.FF%L)@I3$
EG3
0!@L(.5.SN`,%AY8.5





M6`C]+SOH29X+H?^AWSA.OP&&J'_LT=UOCS4?(;^SP6U&?9.\QGZ7T9J@_9Y
M&,D?UW4#B6OR`1EK9#2I;6/3(V/N2;`^(F+37\3C6$P?&]A[Q=@)UAT]8B:

A7[/B*7^
M-GJA44#`


/+




EOR!R(783:#[HM-<`WZ(G
MZ
&S3GONNO


1]VJF)O--VQ^^M_#`N
M`$1R'1*':XJW@:CRLCIF*4=1ARJ?.M33J@..'+WLD:
7:&EX-2?%J[G4D@&O




QVHPKB#^

/!3N3D4N6WZBU78\,^?3HH3<O,?^Q.+1,;LKV4^\ORWZW07A@=6*:Z)%


M.-8@JVT^_^36M)'K/O2^65D2VIPBCL+CY'/P`1[H[Q+Q];')Q+!N8Y^$.P

M

M=T[Z\M+[G8N^C/=]L$
S33LT+]O:L$
S+RT=R/XP$HNA
MG*:_)EN(5A#^Y)
D;?%4P/D7D

\MR2(^**6BHA75RLGT
M`4M&TK)DY(1-K:H2HJ^J)]8'H)\6]$_9U/H/X\'T-%TV^H-`4)I^(I4\X3&U




3SXM-!KV-3\60CM]PGW/E]U6M.)U3]?6E?3)=;(](I:O624.R6C

'U)C;O]7O\EL4>&A)[
(

MJQDQ3
HKTN
=P.V`6-P8C]KY_(J&HX^_J&7EX]:N95G9\^I6KK;K*K304!/J

C_)IX$*+NGJ]
MKR*!OG?2IU^`OAVZO#2/8A*80)6`&J#V#M1TZ.I2
M!*/Y#^UYW#71WJN\BQ



K'@O@$B1TW
M)C%8O(

E49RZ*=MG9]?$MJWRM&)5C&59:VO_40S6
R!FVB-)U25?!(L!]


MKVT?;?2J`O



T:Q<U=#`'L`GVDNQC]3UB@Q[A`6Q




M^B)



3X5B*XFNLN4GR<GF_OHWI3'MAS'=N3-[KXM[MK8
MUI?/#(?SA3





^@$VC


D



VR]WE




BN'24HA!I+YJCK'#'&


-`B5TD3&$L(M


MC`@WHT
AE8RXAG`@X9$6(.'C2%D
90RP8+H9C(W7S%`


'4:.
MP'Q%?!A@G8RQ``%P+M@'=RB]3D&3Q!MGG[P@`']TC_E#/:35[/?'9:8^YO7Z





M?(:)*+8
*7`MA8[!1X[#?O9RK`=.`V4D_+R5UQ'V;UMZM
1`O*%1$@LD8TMB
MW2LPK0U77Y+TG*2Y0;THA87D-C16:V9==JPE7(52#[*ZK*UP^8P5STGDQQ!P
M(QA@L%H)

(J






M$2X291._.&V3F$4FHI)QMJ^.C^#M`7B&F#



M('2V2


7S--F5;6YT_(F&`7





M%XF/Q*(GE5H\3GP



M[&7W^71W]R&?-7?P)]#4-9!P3D*ZK+
?^S]^VFT&\01JL\_4NJ$$V]M4[(A.





V
K8%FN





/-F3




;SRD8H%M?@K4AZ



M^P=04_ICF




[CJ]+F9N5ZU_AN__

M*P@O*A_FG38&BB2QI


M$=VA9E_&TA#L2HAC1*ED@AK1'Y9BXV38A=9+P&GHUDTIW2DV74\!#='F3=ZX
MEKI/QW[N;V5Y2@L
*6+J#CW#'!Q
(U'(N\
\G*`S2;^R%A@]-X..G8'GYR@+
M1A?O?;$(UNC;


MI5N7A0M



MMSVA%A[]^:_7MPUM&

^[P
+U]ZC30;_EM=_OL\J]T5ZF^$7
MSR`9W*P?`='T;IY6?VZG0%UYX3#YN77&@PH%BZ51F(@0AXGF?9=PK1.R=0CY









MD]2.7@\!H11JHQ'FDFO$EA'2M*$L$JYJ!:5I?Q1
E65S29?KC[:3B\G?PV
M[#_I,/2&PWI2


0H0ZHTK.)BZ=QA4+0)P2H5=X)I9EV%'`+10$6#+I




$A-
;27;+@45D)1@8V#*5FG&&*A6`E)#*\0=.K5
M1F_WA01^P$A^\W2.P?45V#`DF;$I]`8

MG6JB!-*+PH+(!/
$!AQ+B@T*)Q)7Y35D%2;'/25?N&
QV8DEQT`/D4AOK#(P
MXC@F2'%4+[6IQ.Z5'1$*K);O;K+Q/1CR4WXYN[CK6.#=+P`5-'9P:!'3G9*&


MS[Z0_G`=#M\.9Q
?(;[$D`28K6XSO






^G5Q8<%7MV<4IAM2J@!









M=X'2]R)N:UR&



OT`9_&X=N

M#++IQ;?A&



M3X9




M_@M/6]`S@159__YU7QB-^'1)2A%_L@BL$7_O;=8=YM0??XYE+62!\E3TUZR_
M
2


[+WL`^







RZ]P!G9




M:




Q@A\@LJ8OKAFGN8S-_#3]\/.8'EVZ`
(84@


MOTV'W'[_.H+9!+@G_G2NF1CUT03TI(CYE*2'P



M-M`6O$Z;



0?3;YM&UYH;0\ET&B6:









M@E/X2'$O.2R@H\W3LE13W
QF;!FED

MU'NG(=

M-5&R^@4\1;@FE[4MVV!&4XXTP=2X1)`D*2#IH9C)E)G*LCCCI[&P+9F(&FZD




X:B_HV
W
M$


2&!

M2G_.TODY+F7@!T%H6#;$\*ZC@3P;6EV$7E
XG*HOVY9FAK:I^^/^5[3


M\!=HGC_%\^PVQ0/)1TN_U:/4)A\':'=+'?BV4S1LB`;P$W;EV0YKI.F$BBIY


MV5%#`_$?0*DQG1#26@



EP75GR#$MQ

`T__#U*\1F8;QCE




ML9#0\O-[





;DOF
MBW5;4JZE^Q'OFO0:JY,6FYSXLU?B8[

M8PUT7J'



MN'MR=V


M'Y5;EJ@


M?SPZB:A[

UTS
J2



8^W;\]9W1L@PQ.]!TLKG#3Z0!
.OU&
MPEW=RTJ(:-^HNN$OL^G)

M
S:H01O8)J!F:5I%:VPF'H%8YH0QFS@F#;:7P!'$2^0#MJL=6H*9\`MA8ZN=



ME2L1(*F(;I)U4MZ+^!@


MGG)4AX8SS)EE%UJ/?(X*F`H!OP


MI'ZBP[F11-SU0/:R%H%:EKJS*(&1;04-JS\R(@B;;JRWD4
5M=V1!5O;\%







&)V`WF5
MQJ'GGVWVUGED-_%MDI(C[9\S6*E.IIN


MNQM4P1H+=@?


-JTQ`8_ZBU6VAA]L


CS0;
M8`F[5ZO-1_4X`UE4J$

MU:VSW$^1*W8;2#IF2TUC7FHW^7@GCA-'3G9:JY%P+8'(









M77;C

MJ=
OCC.EPGG

BC2[5!UE
M?'6;B@0\%V^NY

M0HKXOB3'+XY?5X)?;/.@.'YQ_.+XQ?'KNF-LCF+=0/P[4H5DZ/F+$?9BQ6K^

MZV1:J+W
2%GV391&M$@7EMXILC2-U[-ZLD6W#%0I'+B*)EDB?0T9F5;5W16)
MDA116$6
2OR5




=:_%AKHN:+




M?_SXG_\A'_=#_8E`0=D47A1L0*@3!$-/\7+']Z%/NK0;]K_?O;?8MXGFRB
M=?'#NP_J.R%9P-?1O/Q@*(9G2Z&IAX;MR(KE6(:G*[;M688BFY+Y3JC2A`Y7
M%8MW/\HZ?`[:U)Y

M=)41:2HA[5_UT__ZO81UP44(_JR2\A[7#/`6UL3YFA2[IS[%902@N@BB'*LT
M%G\G#?0.SD\)-




MKJ6ICBI;:ABX\

M%GJ:;.N:IM8K`*P./*5+8?.J=S\J
U7?4SE(REG4]K&H3:VCVIJFR9:CNJHI
M&Y:K@LQ0:DU'-]1#U


M

MPZKI'Z3XN


;;(SK=%)V
'17


M'H'')





MWWCM:$
/VUT%_



$JNX\HR7






M23:$J.QKK[F58S)

M]-[*I630SNR1WN\]^0\'I+STGMI(TG1E\_1^ZTG0D*`A07/]=E7OM[Y%@^OM



M.W9)_I25?[`2IW]


=K7V
Z'XV\$F1Y
M_0C?D[_;Y?8@U*^;;
JV*@5FH&FCD3G2)




M6J:B*%?;&9-_Q]M4`;*$9\16U=0OS/


MW]FB:O

ME&!DUK&$MAT8P=7&$E9_XNO_P+^.%J[LH7?EV&$*]0)#=QM1_0=0UGUW6(

0

2QCO%Z
MI7=L`ZTC`OX?0+;
\981PRPA`DC5L'YDLV3



R?&39O!!@Q?^!P2?P([Z]FFH]+HP#(W-A`ZCA4P-AQUD*X)8OC*7+
M



_P/



MLS%+.%U56

SYY+;QA?8]I/`'B!#I8\3N
R04H$C7L
M*\(RG\ZJH'*^Q;4


\F]:8@E]KQ#89K)@_8'WY$@Y#%*
8A#\'

E(X15



77'T1UWI`&J=
-47+F&*Y`==0LN




.%2UCOF`2:%H68+RD5;F201J^F.ENT9Q'LVGJ&.A
M

M`;
Y8/9'-



.C3UWC0
UQBY(TL.5
72?-
Q

MVX4Y3#C(#







%?*U+F

Y=F1JS00=0FFD=V/I&FHGR:HD:K)U-MSTA1K(\46BAD3-


KM:PES6DGLE?@



M&#66PIC727V6W9IC\N;#F
G&;


MD%UPZM4QG*&)EM1:3&M?-IY

MUJ5]8SVBO=XACBCN&
3=_-66$T7Y'

M3SI$^9
MVA)UYR.MFK3J-4?(%BG5YU*JK_ZTN4^?65IF^:(3?^IP_*4M5F09

AK4LXBRRC=Z)0
RI!:.H*A

MU



EI+!+^5QI)D&Q)+[0F$@M/O;(WEAL)2
ME-3S!F(_L;*-O-$#B*REO@Z]]Z?K^'#=TGU&FK&:(IH:AV9Y(?@K_DT[42



M*'+F?/42H#D&H0:Q

R_AWBY;(;S$P5I5@H/3)B7
M8.7]%[#QP`!XAJ,ML-1LG+,*!RU1U-^J'*?6F$5XWLY$YZ`]1\8PSI0$9[@
M8\Y2!5NMO%H8O%.^X&N3N(C7UC`&56TLTR0X]LE+XY:'^*^)94[8JX1\FG


X




9O!.5\?-&';+_9^]*?]NXDOSW!?9_(`3



H


M5MZ(C[WOZ!N?RGU/AM#S9OPM=INR:3N&_!YGU(=@G-.9BN,J^/D%6[+OWTJ
M_/OE=#PJGO//O%
#YIB2OFHOJ3C[T0_W=:=SG`+:.=KGKVO

M/N

M;N^D[
O&(^DF51XAB#TCRY-](MM#2^ALK[.]SO;VCGI]C4Z/F/PR;.^ES_#%


)PO9LDLZ[T:):/%

QI.)

8KB/






*)GR?5BG*^;9#W0
WCC^V18?


]F.W5=+8*-EV)'LOOLU50]UX0
M*A!28O7U2KAK_FWO[]-/

:S/HS

ZG`(SBP'++]-YC=3&.)B_2X


M4*=Y&

<JDYYQH[117B!IS`<:1%H];9*.+'X6&*@%
MWA::URDYDESV

_
MQVE!H35QI-S%CQL1=S56-N`Y;\MR'BU@%U_#Y=_EP6FX-FO\(7B8.N3V
2D
&?Y:7`'QYGHVN,WR)V;)^.IU.@$WDD/7
MW_^V1E:%NSZ'%X;O]QXO/&.EL]/=8A9B67:F&/+_6]]84HPR\D\*/4X
5
MIQ#PIK


M&CZ!90AJZ704JIL0H!:0G0%CEY\#;WG

+]]\$;






$X]CE
M
4=C'


MGI8

8R'YUQK\K=[-<%N/RK-!F]



E

MR)A8$<]=C`S&Q$K.<4:2IRN3P00A?=*(DXHF[6^%N7C#U8*R2%ELHX8PW44
M&^

MH[TBX8FY:O!MX

M!W]P18OZ7:/U6_F$WY9/

$4:TSE\O



MG)A[ZUB5XH




Y;1O$8/RRR1
M9973)9,;'*O&&)-PW\(P:=EOD'W(6D5D5)&$AI+SD
F'\5-ZFN;\S`B-$F

F%AL4



Z3`
M$L`&O=@Q\8MYS\P)G7OR]GF/-1Q=#7N@1`.@WHA(1S7RB!!JFD`93FO95.

C60R2[-P!J
\(7$U#7N2
M@9;ZL:1]F=ECR-:Z(Z`-AL/WU8=.IC/0__53*N&:Y8/G1:65C


:Z'5]*FN6(\^[3^4P
U`0YS[Z7^IK7CIZ6`S93+^77%\7V<TT+!\?


MWJ3#WY-)E_^%N074IYIT^5]7$G4ET1+)F*G6D(R?BT5T%=&NJ`)L#JYS[(\2


MY;EHW.


MWJQT_4_+29!_5'




?5T`BU!0:)L5J#G5
Z

1.@O0YE')))&VXJ;2.):NR=*
JZMTEH76)P'D/7R:+N8E
M'O,W`07X=C#['?3^XV\2
X4X7?U`.FL.[/`S;(88/5M?.#X8[\HC&,5L-




+'12OMH\EW`

S*B0(:$5'O@(H%YHSN(K@DX7`2']()(YV*A:$
M2TTU5II&4253\_UN1DF!=TITQTD3I)?K@J`''AGN/2SN0T@!;\LYA!E)WD(
M7Z4Z$




M9/3=W9SHOHRN[X_@
]A!@AG
HPDRS3F6/(+




M%!_4J0)7^^J

MJ24YVHM8NC3D)'(FGV]7(

M

\(5$]+3J
#RD`+I?+\;C2%E#H!F







J)E+\B_5W
WG#V\;Z9?ZE$ULM_^F%6C-Y-83X:3
M-!70W



M@FA#$3:.*IJI`KO;%T.$;[!

SR2+:
^TD(XA#&I0(R;C2IE+




%DYTH*!PW9=
M`MDK$.BU]\BC%

#GI0%Y*7U.H*!;,5Z
M!3$7U]P][)_DGX?,$$&$L2G!5DL?HK9A=6.FA0V$%TJ'(ZTNQ7J0K4/0M:@

A
M=]@


MPDHIIY65HC1I*6%HW(*P@N3UU4PB,#\X8+!R0KRR[Q23*_(4S&4D1LGFCI
MLGQ'^CK
9LX./J=!IV(PNU0OAW$]9=9(ER<G@N6'#X.WPVR`MZ;)T

MIKJ;?I[4_YM^V:3LPD6U;`6P?A9VR73P.!W5]_6J8+NIED7\HW7+
W@)+-MF
M*:F_#.[&PV;Y]O6GI.]Z7(SG]=.XNJG&[3L'PZ8!7
NG5ETD6N=XZ[DYO&LV



`6`F

M.WTW:(ZVL7&[DO=KV9IE5V5V:J7]J;IK2_/!^W
D9*D_PY]/U62V(Y.KXPAV
M01$:F0Y!7#L$




M%W


%Q&8@'6:`ZKLQ700
E94P(L:W;
MZR-A]:+EZ/R1C4Q_Y!U&SEE&.
BW8
%FSYQB4S:LD[(?13OS+(Y\-MWT?:G2
M7?X1U]T;I2

C@S8U#'4H.!)
M<`1+([!A!H'?C;B1`MO1M


M(B#M

$)A8'&U/G




,N/+!I`H?K2R)BF9UYD27NH'N=5I^W(TYUS^E.6?KE]2

M*GI





B!9R+`L%1QD4*$R9;#M+Y@*_/@$-F?U!
MH6@1:&?)9126![MF``\[^EYK?ET&--5]!6]9-J`&.^==TR;ECOX[-9]_7S4?



I%;`OLC8L'SQ@A@1)OO3?TKZ`;NP:+A7()ND(+!



M+HE(95;%F)EP!`-P!0BH


MEVBU509P/

MX`ZV'N$!`;(H


NYFA






#A7Q'HGS=^M(C:S[I=!

?

GBH

\=(`.H
RC4'0B0O]4!\&,VN_^E'=OR.^-83_V

M5'0K[





OEKE

.V8]

ET4Y30MWTR*^3RYKM*W
MW8=FXL![+O.W3IB-297K3VYGU4TE__8

M

MRV*53]^T+]B83-)T-GL!1[M?D9_N:.[&W2J9I]5+QN&]NCX5+?W?4-K9ZU6'


_A%%_P




M#@F





M-^1ZJ!
N!TMO2U<<Y6#/O&S+XQ\^MOZ^L%_-P%]&V'?&/F@_1U

M6#][1NH;

?NO6-F3]!2[ZIV-:S


MKP2L.

__C$9_
M[\[YQ?WX;O9#/DTO@-KG:56]+_Z1+H/D.ELF<PP:S9W:?DEGWY[]0!!F_V3O
M)DN*_MV.\.]?DOPR-7]FU?HO/R5_9HO5XJ=T<9&69Z-I.LD6R;R\_\1GXVR

QY1J91@A#.I$:4H$-2*$

M_O4^W!!.&L&PH8Q8R@V.%
8AXT3K0%D5


MLDI'Q6QTL:HR9_]Q_7-0+`#I/H[`0FD^K4:3
IUFR]&R&&5+^+:J`!W3LAH5
M^2@955=%N7P#X+`872155IV/S-QU[KF\ZLXKL^KW:I1450'`X8I\-]GR:@37



MM)Y@!H/?.)76

M(S8


M?%Y_!TEG=R2=7#FP''V5G:?GX]$51&M:PE!@J?4@TW26K.8@`E@9_K[*U[_`



DC(4)5&A:J8RRF/:D



MQSP$215I9Q[@R(J[




M

M:7X)/
9EIW52DP-LF%GF+'[#P`+GXYAKRX_#U=.I[D
MUI5BW+[&+ECG.I


7548

ME94-_764+YF?CP:)KW=Y_^:I)\5I)V''




S_5?3\FPF)V3H28T
MF&DQ/4?#3*J+VEVKXE:PWRZ1@


M

T

VERJ`XY20F(QO9]+D

+E\=6U:ITM?BX7NJK

9]U5;MUZX0OFDA8V5R_7@JNV8L(ZX

RC

MMV2D)N1
L%AB810+
$@6-C)JKH+PGJ+OL22DCY00R


;1Q$

M^[*^NE\T
*#2%/J;I2)%:*LVY[0)#F5P)E]*B69(\-QIMBCX`\YH&*K!62



X
4R4!8[#
M-;$X)&O
B&7T$I@QI`7C4-`&(&P9B:*M:2TQ7M-`\I4SX*GE1P?DPRQH'A


M-#\)B`,R-0_XA'C'`MNIP1W/MTL.T(Z207H9&





M





AP8Q$3!IC=!`M`)Q$YM(]O9YB;BB.(^-B/9


M^DMN`FZ!YHN0NV2?DW7F2T

52R

MX?$TCA*L^[.M08CE



^FG5[*

C\GS:XJ5.\7!69L@8BF.:
J*7

MCKC


M3VVR%F2,$5-Y6\A21D*2+HN7U26[G+=;7L

L)H
MX(\JH8Q)K.U2%E


4DXFFL7




09AB$2*-C1E/J[9K\HV]['?

MC$4BUJ?O8QR1FJ7L*W.+XX96NI=/J?9D1ZI@CT:(8F3#4U]Y/&H/O*(EE5




:^<?OG2N
$%^_Q#Q[7+]-_MIM4;HFA+X[IM3C4YP_K%R


%3^]F<UG^9L?MOML


/$78;')[BJFS



&6@P9/




P`-5S%!E+9K#EG
$ALD?7=`X/#/``#M&1

FW;EDLX7#P)_J@(X;#CB5OT6-
MQ0L'#T[HF-9`3YG'7$455XWG2]VFV%@_TE[TECF62EWH

+
M
X;Y(&)$VKDL83+O&-)1`
1M+L&#H_5#
#GOW\

KHIT^
M4M&\7*3SXH\O69&'69F/?\WN]95F4!39['-UNUD&4_6VZM
?;QX^^/0M97C_

N;V^SXGXS
MW4*3+9O=_W?YI)V7HJ!3Y--
#\)8S)T[)?_UT(G9*'=*37
G^USDJ_-P)J63

W2@/35\[2\%!71E2T

M.9QMP1LG=JP

U%

BT<^/7MW,DU4KJ]?FE5X5=+3;2%\:RJZVZ8N9EO.]2WEYWB4YP$<0E07Z!



-

OK9]ZAY(6CRTS`=1LR8+!+S=UN
M`6``


]R/-9J.+


$'4-*]K.*U*89FJ4VSYI5W
ZSV:NDXU&Q5*M
MTIGH
^=1


M[
SC[$R3VFX@=B:X;@I?9#R96LC8OL*7#=.I^X;[TUUEY&_T'&[$*J?Y.V

M

MWO4M=QS*_0XDC$5O(8)J#P-:1SC@N'
(-_@Q7;\6\SNUR7O7N9OJ\)L.HN7_








M^TN^

;X\S6QA

2PA`3SC5V5



I+8

7PD$2PIY[DU5C
MN$LBV/KK.7
QRSYD8Q

M3IHTF.UA^^&_5M1T




I\JQBN=%?H%

P11AQ8=`&`3;-*QO8$7)MR5YO(8`%X`+X#7H_(62LW9


M/%((TER^:






23IF1(-ONL-^9
L6S8_D)1B]PP;#%CQ'%:$%N(U
MWH0A<!J[;$:#$8`5FN)U1H:A@#\=[J!UWD#[NK#[IC%9AAK0#D*'[8QI;QT






/$'





M1LZGX[

MA3%A7Q2QI?A@)

M


M
!+%XT4&`G])DRPC%WZT4SU]6R0G'4]RMR/21YHQ
.W%.81A#[BU@)5^[8OK

`TMC/@YEA+O_9@&C`-F*8AIE%=
2JWXK[]DV@/JDHKX/TFT[1(WNH+9FF#VG3B`7R)5U4P/D`KE`


1AP?L.#GOE


MZIHN/JPE\X0UP/$`#%`#!#KL00D6K%N*`ZX
A3:%+6O4HDZQ937V_F)!QI

P(FNHT)U1O8P`0P`4RLKG



1Y67[%O'

MY

(CG1]X'#3/8PR`W0!
MW=J@:]97D`/H`KJ`+K\#AAI+?WH.70P0Q0!1.8AP!Q0;#
7S9'D5T8.JL:1/

M1&%




MU^3OVSX5=C-V'N%\V4QZ)E]RLB79:&?C3@!JL?OU]FGV]\_^[X(KAEKQ'1
ML^MIG(?Y_1_AG)[$UTG*OI2]VCG]1N



M]D


IE]
L3X'1;IQ5-)F

W(4QDP


%\P7R/78!*





U4F6F1_/
_0Z/E3;3L-OE-PERRA/[S]?I4D8T?0AT_TJI911
M5:



?
MBP@2D-?



M_36T_LU-2F_\G/T4QTL_*AJ#K617E

MM?1LSQII0^%12T3-D?-/O`4)AI=3



YX?U^D\6?TW]I?S,*?SRI0$_0'[
M[\=)+UN4+0OE%WB1W27`?+(?.UWYJOEFHKKBF]?*






D*YJ.2MZ#/0R)XAOHRRP-O(YL


Q$/!4=TCB.T`0:X

MIY]?K=OZ&GS0=OF]97_39'H=*YK-D
%3$88D6RX6?GI/DFN2WU)2R
^/[Q]X

W;




*/D:QH&E8][D.:X`41GRSS+V:Z/



MX]I-:M]64%M;2UV]OM\YS?(T#)BO7-YY&


94]6*$%/?[0H64[%M?A8?92SPRKN$.(G-?$4AM8&%3&-@U,;7LF@
MO/ZNE/9T
\:JD0(Z\9;A-+F,RKQM$X
MO&JN1^/\?.U:YR^VX^IZ(:N\BL2V5_$O3B;@B<O:*=0[]3&5NAJ.T8ZMH
E

MP3:#-
V2F

MKJOG_5HRI77S9I+G'



MWH1QS`0IY=
EU^0K^^-D#B


M8SY65MD

&2/XI?J)J1&J;;!]DHCK.YN6J!QT#@(
OE^2W0#=






.



MML_O4/OFM]!+\/V]SU=^%1.BSK[H;C*?II/![-OLT,R[)N5NRI'BXMO'N(

O'H2CFUZCT3_C/7SW\XLSG5TGXE(/QGS/HS*08
?+R::
M7,-/G\OBJFX:&=3U<GH9I:X!;W@X/+ZYO
9V$`6X9Z/RN$&P=/
S&(#]7*R
MB
H9C/YO62]B^TWG5H/-K`.JMB',?`C@M_YG#@T/F@963:WT!E?'.V;S




0.Y1`2)%-Y6!T5]=%+')V&Y=;`^9U=VC[:9&

M!HFY\UHAQ93#K332&+

M!V$=2'




SXIJF^HZ

M#[0#V-;PMQ5H-Z`E?MA,%W=4@_&TU^;JSXNJ^$%]E^O;KC#MBY%@IQYB%0
MY
8B@K'5C?UI8ACRM%.P;R/QPC#^*7;DUO7?@_.=+J=W

M


M`SR6S;S3CW%6Y-/%8+8*RW685^

M6IT'IH3+5\C20`@)6YE/W20*


MAEQ2#)D`$L1=@KT;)\N!#+MZZ+/^Z*#NM0Q[FN56`?K:41@;:X_#$'74
M[=

M5.@L0YX+2*4\
4XQ%YR(*H2\2@$%\/M4*EYZRKL@/!VID)LA#&8


&K31Y
MPUIXDEDD1RA'5$/LD5Y2H8SPZ\&`O95\CQ;@RB\OH+\6+?0BM&`&[
XI'6Q.

^
(0:UX\T*=Y@E

MWCU[`*.NVR'J*%6








6]6`?F-&BJL%<<H<5#%K3AK4;'9VF.IA<
MH5-RE



-X<Z-:$J5.YIX0Y'@+6!*!1]$$'#@$@NG!
MZ6ZIC[1M^'E




^US_6_%]6PK(O-YKVF&MR'&:`T





UB<O-%XHD/XTER
M)*
8**Q-P3EG.(-GH;B_$7C63\V=7@XK/OYV:T).$V==\ACX\%)!DJI:&=[
MJ&#XX#3\8Y'M5
A^`7R7YMV:Y`Y(*$
#)`C2


MM'W;






_G
M.`E=GV9A54!J;X
GVP69;DIC;8J*Q;I)L^UZ4*-B45134/^JP-96N]D0\(QU
MK9HR5Y?5_*RIV@FBGQ41BFFQ>'0EI









ME'`@G





.?!T'DL9




M9S)K;I&%W#

3GK9L)\30K&$'@L;_G[:`@RRW[@
M;ZD;A+]'CP.(2RZR'-]%B4\@?DHNT(^MZR4




RYH\%;.9)_RUX+K#


^X;U#WOGT4Q3U8US-B\@U#O




E3&0&SM;[JVP*]G[0@*-+4NW`GW:Z^IO1


-XP_3%+E




MJ7I2]:3J2=5[V:KGGCM2\X[@S8]/'8=D&NT.]YQ#S6YG&R3TC0KZ'BBW?470



/1WLEB+QB$'EK


M\W#%

MHC_`G[$H$3XG2QRE3NVG*%@G4J.D1DF-&HQ=MNL.V#_@1#1*M@^^OWUP^9^T
MD$V#G\0\V31XI
431/]D^2FB<U[QB:)_L0RVZH

M\2MQ4.+@



!O;G`[8(&0L:K!OSTCJ




)
KI3X<\(])O:`3Z?2:4+JE=0K


MZAU']:0[+U5/JMX15

E6

H&HN




M#`S)


M954NTC
EN




M&5XI5[0DU$TRFXW/


M!3G(

E8M#C(9`I@


H8
33N&OAA):

#XP32P`

#,$)2E&&/#_]?+B+^8JH&5MRHK;14S$


XC*Z$)A:G[(\
M$TT.X5,]6O@XW!4UP

U`Z6Z



')V8F#7CEOFDA7`V!1C_%V5YE3A
M+A+DRP5C=0&4W]!7@=!5*4@[O@B'K).Y6)07@YL?P(05H$[98.[7YZH$44,,
M0!8R1RQEMI*_B'[1_PQK.4O3Z9F27EZ
L\!!;,=Z-#))/O3*/KY6*1BU1K
MS7QK'A;`8H(HPT`TC_IVEE5U\RXKSA3V+X`^&!9P=?H3C9+0BA@Y);I^):*



75P
Y6.@+

OYM088&EH*F_5A#3'Q-8Z)J.T#
8
M/=%#E

@RCFJ0E\%:

CZVW@&XGS&Q
B?4<JWH$N1H<9R




M(@
.L@^ZU:Z?;(^$QF-RX+BJ-@*
M2?A4D$'H:[`
P(M1M:]I/GOWH:B7%4TA@
-U627SX=*

MRZU0Z(3OF0!?I$4ZRWCJ(@5

UQ\4`]UL




MNI5K1;OQLZP%0'#UX!N.V:3E(&`6C8H00:AR3O]:BAT'W.RD#)^V;*D0\&8L

$
-\:[;VDFS.@



MQ;(1+@N+(_!33]*XG#/OG#ZYXCFS8BY:')96X+JB@RJDF&[#4R?R*KE.16`]

L`].LKAPOSAB?F-T5O5^!VKWS*3H%
M/73:@S_:UA/
N-[6]-T


:XR`7YB$


M/(

M[D`Q$`L:HZ/\=)+P8D`@1A#]I\B(QZW3^H'N4
WW5*Z
HM&=^:)'='F!.74T




]E7=N!FM::77

$4

M*^I0S4J


6QT:
M?:[RLF\Y^5*Q4K[U

MA[PZ

M$2A7Q2[;O)RF.94KQF5\


G/.TF&-M7
(@6T9]H

M




\\BD/3]7;T9K:%
MQI





??G/O9B)2@*/2N3.DV
J:FU\S2+




MQR-?7W[=`KT`LJ6:WII!+V3`P[_+ZN%F.P^T



M`3V(3-__&UV:-W@7&?84J7]Y\^'W^(V236%\8.0[.PY]/_)\.]9CSR5JY/N:


M];#'KV4]??/K.\
V'R45]Q`\/



MA(B@/CC@*_DMC6%D;M((B#$Z&H?WNU=X%$1J2.S0M%65@)\=&*HIPA-3-6-M




C]P1=[.-`-O0Y


MY@T

M\^[D[F`.B&XZMNZHX'[8=ABX.C&%`*L.V5A1`E`UO!NX.];NJ*?@G6N^9A/?



-'\4,*%V%9?5YJITT_MY6M^



KW`Q#+-[^N

MSBJ]'ON/\Z_GO1M\D\DD7=#N'UTQ)+__'AM1\GK$NG\S

5]

M0/^18E^SQ146:5


M

$@[H.L$!.SGNOK5A@&?A`&
M?


)B&&6YF#1_-L([:
MH7AT-
&R;#

M#K1(R%(8:AN5BN8NGL5=?/J3M\#T6`?
WVD#S$\SWKN0'2'XU&MNN.L.B&N%
M$'E!2&+Z6`X416%D
:(@8//)ML
-A)U[9H=)SDPA0]L'#A&'.EN')B.ZN%Y
MI902%`8N9&YE4*(4D=$X0
)=S_PP:



M+^I@U)75][2J^Z6['T4SS(`=K]UMV\*.-8_$%O'BV#$BT+Q8%(N%1N9&];2
M4M=JC1\QHP%(N&\?2-,-;)]EP1!8/BJJ1DZWT\$CTC3-S)2IJEK3R.A3F;S




MO



O]W`^+=Q-FO2M-@@+HP\*U2UV'.#


LR6&
[CW=







H
A*XAUG&6NPO5.49X:QHT=VX(:JZVL^\5V5


WL??S2NE[BO2==$^R[?(HFQ1+43N<J+VVWL7CE;^'#.V+-Z38
M^J^Y*I=U4DP?W_M/-E6\*Z9







M0EJQ(_X/'NH)R@)+&]C=HU^R^CL[IK/:?8$/N?';M6
Y*^^ONS
]O8
P_
N'
M#N9$KFO;MJ81-])\
[9\6_
UHCIN0!PU
OHG+R9\R.YHSF/X\FPVDI?`1L-5




E]G#@_;GD=
M

QV.(Z=HQ]6&U/-S00ZM`-O%:8K2#T
M[S_.?1AAOBF'HE8-?/$)EHF&`='CP+3X]Y;;!/'V';(_]J&V?7@R&5Z7NQ



M+.UK'

M2&(P7_=

-))4

MB'0A
A:Y9

LDN78\$`C


8HT9PL)8Y)&)5A06AS`7


MY;/%[;NB$NY5MV4X(Q@G


C#K8G:EB':E:;^KL-\.IW*30#@GB,`R.
M5*N+JI4*5E<KC2C^Y$2U&2IF@V6.<,\P51R08TMA\I;6PUB]<')ZCH#-_N-




M.+S@=YU-S:J6



MK.K99'.75D6S*_O)Y9-)!FW^S.QP=C

#ON6R2E(;5WJGI+;VV$HL
$4:L%#5AX)158M!PF2MBC$75&K*<
MZXWD]85[5



M8$&UY
5J$:@[I4S\RKE$#\
E1U#P`F&OHS3
:D0H+KD4TT[!E\NEE3)X#TY&



$=%J7NB%#'\]?E_+-W?CO\0`0AA=+`I


M




E\C7G
MT7/CC8N





1AF\.5UY.%CVL0UMI].'B



X&V`%0P/0;Z]OYR



74F-^50VDAC8](34G$E0A-;7IZDQ:@&4D.;


34G






MM`ZT0V.@F&D+DSN=C94.@K
R=G0





MY-EX./G^A_

@_QH8

C`Q-#$P




)^=??4A^_

R5WBD;Q49Y;GKS^?G[^]
MO?WTS4VCGY+TY5R1)/5\+76P!/LT616;L*\FLC)1Y9^^9?ZG
VITG#6HORKY


/I^I
M\?




=K6(4/X:



RW'
^3&:C:^=:F+FR$/*;R2L/%^W('BHM1IQKU:(5&J
M-6O;6B%NJOU1D#1G6];3
*;O1DBB:Y*3+S$IZ'L!_C$E&XICJ=NLT5M5@J5Z
M


M


;5M
R
6
M
IZD*V!%VWF9L/6SYC9NEV?V$=62H8]]&]2Y2+VS)*4



M%1KOQUG10-IQB1D$EB'QYX@R8HZ(00Z#

M1\P+;F`A4N$SH5QF

_+;3QTX(79(CD^`=9GH%K

EBCITL'#%#Y





MS)%T3=)D0P`SD
):N3&#


M(Z@.XU_


*D0SM3XWODV%G6%TZX`L@`XXG
M)(8


RGR=QHW;?
%'<DP#
DFHUWV
MX
P*(8AA\.21)8^(P5]=R+ZU^QF$7ECG3!X7=HBJ$E/(6BF..\F9)T(0PQI!


MBV=

\;:^4<0S5TS=+%
MGGKXBV8]
1^*7^O0H2JVD$)Y'VQ\W;&[:U
Q14N29
47$/N+%.`^%H(*;9-A

M3.!)`0B8M2`E-A@'__K#/AC5=L+$5^_

M(:K85L$)M3M^!+0VW.ZXN*
JEF](KH`(Z2KPTZ1CX*0[Y0[8IWIZFM*D;Q.
MWI@B#)P%')A&-Q%S/-N07=,W)YZG*Q-5L?6)ZBG!*D,R+:D=.
-TL5BI\0;
R4N4(<<Q0
M\_6



2LYK4XMJH&OB_B[KA!`TRX
TLHI`..AM



:/EJ1A




MLRVALNWJ0\JQM'`
2;=\2?`16[$=2E=F?0P9/V'4
3RO=:1.HW=Z3VG'DA3+
M#\S1IF0\60[LWO;#!7N46#H2L5.3X@+^U)_*S^AM)]Q1UBJHJEB#B1@
.J

M

M%L


ORC'HAY
MS*\3KV!ZL*D+]4V9UTG=T?G6B5@Q3UY=2O``:;DEC/NT:W8UPB%L$3?5+A94
M#999Z3G9V

M

[#B63@,RH/PM]PQVUH<
M:D+#[U*.8ON^IK@=O2U'X1-O<`:A!0M9DP;`A0U
5?Q(V7.'?'B*=5YP&

[


0U%
M]A5#P-8*EM_/CP[)L

\]HR
MY9



$FA3']X46;BH[J$
M,?BGL[(L0K\D-+I;?CAY@R4APTX`]W6Y/B\:V]YQY9`5FSE!*
LGXK7UZ@^



`T^@



MCQQ[`W/R0.D)7*T^RJ3]ZVW3J??I!V+;^]?RU[E0I$VL]6.I]$4V.\9]_/




M;N%SRZG9L6//9.\;BY9@FUF)=$C*
\ZO#T!)'-G6!T61M#PW=6_MR!+0[#Y]


M\;^=W&;YU.23IY

M9:7.?5D^_')V]NW;MX_?;_+)QRR_._

MQ?C#B34Z+1K(7Y3\Q?TZ+NL*JX7QV?S'NJBK^TST-UB5!6$8GE6_UD6+9%U!






ML0




[RK^FL
MJ%=K+FZOS&

MD

EVR_526K;1A)/9%S&



G(^6]BP^KII49YTF

MG)Z4S:9QDAZNZS

MA2U)DK0*4C[9
HN23J=#DJ3G3S+?2V.KC?MYUKJNH=\GKAL:.GYBXZ3CX9[;




$%(D6AO?]L:PC7'U
M#WX-X/]#F'80KO_/.8?-\%Q[9N7/1K5CH-@SO?]X-L-K1*HU]2/L$TB`!HA2

RT\\D,8*I](P2B62E';<\LE8H+=HM'^!^)


])`A2&B

M

@4]$


M6,48V1#A4\WL2*#KST

MQ^T5H@#[`B'M0PBMBHH2.QM;:AM`WF[_K_



MV^F1P@%V6(5

M&I




_-_S
M]/6D^2J;3'26?XOS[2]




MJJE5^NUQKT;W3XJ@HLS3!(3(HUHH2$



M'O46T[7R0-:=_8/X



@C




W


#`;@
M);9Q


MO%V[RVV'WMR4#8+8T6Y6U'8M[@
LGW;L5*RO$#&N.?)#SY



MJ;?$







BK+WH6GI79-JF\TZD`CK/M

M&P4%J(=


]4)B2EQ-)OK@5A25I.9U2IF_BGPWWW2SFB^B
M5J&6



!K$3SZ
1G/

M6LVNI?%'GX`$L-0)2Y1
!Z%`8W21[L9B-8
M`U^OE@\?ZN;1UA]3U2I3?9EOJL7K5&#][N-B_K`S$D]A.5RPI6Z&/YQ\VJY


5&QZ\C

;890GHA='+DX7)&%:G)P(W
MI_[R=:YC[8.PR'#





MA2
$.`:A:N$S#&LUW5V\/X$=)*(`5B]=0B:WLT]/





($/`LM(7N;*XK?(!R.^
M(#9C

?%RWIK`3NHD-3F:=G%[X4/
M+@
E01I%&%)6@PN&TT.;@`TF4$JC4-0\A-3$H
/XB81Y'_KUFMG-+*6Y2(S&

M(\+YN'V\2.*3=H$B``QAU'*-*2-`$W70&K!%$W-!9C&P*C?_47BL_NG&X\_M

M34





M5H-`4J6:SDE.$BOO.A7.M,Z,(ZD)E*D=8&
^4!
#_DG.3EI1XN9JL






4^PZ0
M$P!QP0.%65D@XZ:Z.&-)++[E8R-31@66+Q9IM0N/NTS_MJ5H]?%O7Q.J-G

(0#U;UNOU

@



M


H_\Y$=0OWSD/G



R
VQW=HS.L

M+0(8XM\DO+N

Z#MLYH[$!%OTX_\#

LGI\G&]V'LXZ76SZ<[E=


MH%%H@);$4Y^
_(A#KQTQYD9^N6-CON2=.]DG.&^I(W&6UND4H@ZEIOLY6FDS
M+_D5]M$58JE#\&8.)@/XZT[=W_OYDTX_+-8G?'#GF@?(%)0L3E`RCTP\&RF/



M=G2(9R:




M*B$0%5YSY5%BH!TL2W-@3B.W%C7-(\&`0WQ6I(?9[@?]MLYIM[S=WS?NZ
M^3J_OV1A/M8\&.`@$E%54:J(=91K&T+A=:Y.:&&
387IW=5'*`QU/#]
%.8










M07
LK(QBDI3X@T%![/VX

MMIH;CQ\







(P4)XHY
M)Q'WS
`XV1AA

MZR*5%?

M9I[;9@RCB#.(UOF?XNSF2%Y^G




MB!V4


YZ
MVLM8'-
\&$2@4(![0:!Q5'-H?2V]XZJ\O!=]4:8'M+[/V:90\Z43M?8XS0Q/

M*KROOL114(VWH.00Z

MY:NXOJ]NYK/D+]WX0M]^W(1[;H)`/\S?5*O-;Q=TD-X'J3\H
KL+3_61B2YV

M]U3)EOKNA2)M;3[47KX7N



M:8X8877_(


M#K!Y3=D%K




^W$5NZ@!09Y3!%331Z=$WOS0FW$^
MG*Z[0NPBYL.;:G6*\1`?#YI*1YG71CFFH0*`.]C


'Y+A@:
'/MZ-%I4?+
M:ORPJVJQ2$D3M\GC[Q]Y-[I+?U+?1HOQ
3$&Y[\\








Z;
O1P






MSCF(2(:@PP:0E-NJGHTLR7-5GJ[N5[9!Z@++BW#DU\GJ]GTUW186NIU\^3#?



MXDA)D&+B58.2:*^1/:R?IG.E=P=-UAAVG[]
YW?5XJ?1*AGJ9CY;+2:_K=L'

MU7IU.U]
_DPI
?9.)U_*R`@+#(
2
-5M9J`^L33`CX8!?)N[J'TF/B@@M#
M7S25-S]^J9:;1#/58C(?PSY8_
)G`H(80TT4]!H8BYT7J)[TXY]\7@;@R]VU
M*Y#`YZ
_

N-G^O#[6BVO9[;`#:FCU]6`&G]B%@3152K*4J-%9I25S#?X$



?N[A[N
M.Q`;Y.





7)HB(NCH/LCCJ;)LGJWB$905QQ\]-(@%&
:

A;





KCX2
M*#/
2^(E)4@1K@C@@$J2K@8806EFE:%K\K]='/2B#Z$V/]Y7OZ\GR\FJCE3J
M^T+&GN\%IB0Q4CB

^:8A_'^#\;D;LS@W?S

M8^SUY_EL6_%[]&6RJN




0(84=J.$WEF0&:YS

SZ?3N+=.C2YRG^RE



JI&7Q.2MQ\M+R[L

MB]X))W:[`8P8J.M=]-\OI51RDJXMB=:#:G.

8J)`:%BZ@DK0V!
-V*^?I$6:9V#IQC])8JS*!*<]-,4T*%:-MB;[
VL5W
M%5TWS^O6TU^QN2A3GFIO/#!IB!`4J#!G_C*SWE?H0%F;GD[+\[KU]$5*=IE*


M!$

^V5-



M
)#L*QZ

M01*&%?;-JI'0N%R7R]BT#I*:F]#[762G.-_'&D1FF5-K/=MP^`J'T_VWSZ=]

MI[:9[IZN8].OLU3&:%%;JCGW





[R\K)[%6C_A'_X
M^_?U+S=)F8)O9?9]N;Q/'Y)W^3*I&DSW5?7X_=75UZ]?O_MV4ZR_RXN[*UW3


M/0G/NZJ?N-JD=[4?/J9%EJ\^54E1O4MNTC7&T;SMODAOC[]B710';Z@I\FJ*

?WY39P^
:\W
UQ0`&Q-5+M
+@-33\Q()RC-?G+^0-^#/^

M^O4C

X


^*-(RWQ;+-IYAO'68;TWXVX`4
M#%#!'E:P`PM^Z^'^SP]7.\
/G9`OC_6K!N5M4MXT4#N2


#Y5O^_DF)YQJ'=

M-
AOP9G/__2'+M

&MVP)9B)W1(C%.DL1.19L


DU(VH(%?F%1%!OC;E`KLJ

M
IUIA(]\_)(\J8@LR+(VG^5S82Y`-6T'==O[Z/RBP)].D^R5P=/NF0Z?_S4I
M5LUX;&$[

.A

=^


M9YJZ&=DQ0@Z*(STR/!W9?7-AH&LTXL+:AF!YV8
%&I%O$Y*24F:8&203&AGD

]V=1?Z
M8638IE5/

RQ
M,#:QP$*6(EK`AOWY%`([`=1*T*VV,S'UBTG1BY$3NA;7FS&0RN11;4JCO+5
M\M2`K49`RQ2=(@@@B5D3YJD6$*_[8J1


VT+0]H)^'C/6D.X&)$K!H1DI\XP].E##(Y0-



#5*)I8X-HYPRQX;IY%+&!JDD


!1K1
MDE%^K8F/#:80'9M.
V&0D
HP=9!0E5S*(&59.8@,95L\B!QCH^Q(,&-2U6

M


M#!DQ=&VJO4R\VQ:L3/O(0)6#%AOK@@?NQ#

MJEK(R[QS*LF51HI%WYOD[J!D8.G0B5S7CW0OUCS-




3R^I/B[QP^W1US3[!5PS@X


DGXJY

8Y%`

M^68[A(=Z682&#

X




708A_T4S?


.@LW@N@_5S*:RE=T7I3






MD$&^Z5P-N#+6GH/'_K[C=@W&XX#V
&;CD)QF7[`:9QL\.$IK?7UH0S5.#K-E
M
[*NUW70;

!($#RUUV4?'


MI'?&*.M34;F*1-]*RTB..OFR,L





MD_16S



M%AQKI]G^TDSV0ZZE2IUG&B'!K0!0AD9U]?+-#AJBXO;DVN9]9?U\9X2E_.
MLKB8L3LI$A'5XT7:TN))CE
NVO[:+7;UV[6N_\#OKU!2I7&2%;_40Y!%Z-D0
M!@;2+-?50T
/'0



O@Q?&H_Q@P^5&$[QAQF


MD]0-'=L(481


M=^[Y!@\?O^K$@PL!7#(0?JX0G8JT1UD=!1HAP_
U9(2&&T/'ML+0





M4N




M#-=MT
M6UJ0+N29P54453'EO2]$K:S9L;B%P\WGMX276U(B%A!L./%;9FH)X\A-0:


ENVI]IJH0FU4'


^Q7



_%D&S0QKGBE[

M2[:8&@FT6FV6MYF_UKIKCMV!LYY`0(,,4V"-,@@^W9[FA0'7$LM7C;$:FS
M9J(GWU&]3-01TZSN.K])U6I\/B=M03_[5+:E%EGGWW*)Y].OAQS;$^_R4MB



M#`JM.A4/7[4!LG7^L$A2`#%GB'.44A*D+.7)$


H@3Y*ANY!F(2QU')
_:?/]1WOAR:$+*_5I?%)5W1-_MMNSS#-
MC[RT5P:_]Z]

M






^E3JO

^R96HZW
!<XQ*2=3N91$(<Q8```^+\,%9$CNK3YV'-
M096WEZ7,&&739.%BTR\MJLA;98PF9QZ,8D37+V?XH5V`-^89H4,;KG4Y&4
M/=3-RP+Z'.+$ST)N$]Q@M/D
$#
$M4)'K5GST.+3I
WB%)FA:)=LJ2PYY06
M)V1-


MCX


41`$%
.22Q


MPPHM\6_0H&^!]+FBOU7/127


MIR_%CRT11?U[@1@&E

M!44D'K``BXY%'&&8


]*





MVC-[?

0
M)=$PD1

;

_%

M!%%52T=X:JUV'$&KO?+5
[WFBL!EQ?WVPOGB`8](2GD:ASS(HB1+0NKOC[U+


_N3HV\Y7ATZV?6O4V([7\=@969LEP]


*]#N)'?JHTEVD\



K2./0)
E]<+N_-Z:;<;$!MU:J1=FG'8D49HJ#!O-KR;LTAA
P$6YB018GI=$49

M-^X
375_=')BIHIUA-/SE??-A

M:\*(

MVKIA\QUIT:9+55M]8XVVSA-

$)A?OHR&<!U43JI)S
ML?0HLVO6@UO52JZ04*K/D2GF:Y*S]G\UL7F)*LM\W+,/E0&G'?.4*:*=55

M&?5#AH24+.($


((!FCX+`0Q
M0(NGHBGKU9_;O-F:&`.5C:O2U


MU.TJQO8MOVJY@7!C8HHRA*(\@8:B]B'\0`0`S.DNLJL-Q'[65YVWJ_S'A_

M=LMNH^RQHS($((

M&IF$M^.L


#-:&//!GJ7,W
M/PCS%'W\@S&C_4J'DA^OG-AOX$L0(2B,(TBC
5QT-['`PA+`QP&



M;BUW$W;GZMDG1QOKSJGA1LLT*VRY9

:D/`E.=;IDUW/'@K:SC[_T42
9



K)SLB]0*]7J(5K(]XJL'MNC_5`?NVM

M/

4'R1.&)AJIR
)_N1BC$Y9
MZ-JB


@`PS`C0PP.(%8;3%1X\!Q)_5H(NO/R

MR/!Z';
/'!XM&!TNU'#*$8;H:7\S-*AM@/R:O9

MZ!_!C!XR8TZ4^BFZ
69*3-?=38'U0=B=5SX^[;;%ZA51T*\H%$2IF_*AK
1/

T)

V*+4AJ65JMK

M=8_5R-F&R?J

F:2T4&2X
M$_5Z]/X^QT6(.`!1RE

M;@:HV15%211W/Y$BF6V@DNJI]&8QR`=#7:7J]L9E-6Q7)SV_?BG9DEW5OO#P

*TD'B+S;D1CR4:3ZMJ=?KZ&'W#M/G5^\D7@RM$X]'

M+/2




[Z=8/TDN+6FW1WT=V$M#E-Z*C=@U^+LZ:=?B=M^!4


TU]%H




?S2Y*R3.2XP3,A4D2TN4E:B/DI#




M+)6?;#
#)F]Y*@*OUO/U+U]6=?5XM_Q53XW:+1_M+F
THPKG2F0EI2E&.$NU


Q[#6RURV.W;[P.[K
M'?LL!$XSW4=C(FP






3_L%[;3V5

MT7+






(J]=GA*TTH#W\YU

2$$(


VN6VL=.OI*2UD/9__D&,4BS\LR85E*9!XG&]#
E7$QI622XB`#_9VJKK[




5RS.%Y*N9DY<M/E2;<9K[\5#;KS1!3D33-A
RS





MHCYHGF8VC_(L(XW$P8=!F/V*E)61T(6IT!Y:KT]IS.V577^=ZHA/1LM5+OY.

U:=


MYU22`9
VC#`L9AB<V(C`<+D3WW6*[DYQ
6(0(SNE<5K;:R@'V]<T

%1LZV^JAVT[?ZS[8S#SSI=773#$`C&@D#T=;#

BYPKBI1@
MN50JS0E66Q$X%KE




G??*\E_$L

BE0G%




M)




M./3E_U
M!#IX?0:M8XS@1+@[2JHG-@V$MQ=

M)46_%)EE!0:=A.0IY27!GW90/NB$Y:LK5?*9Q0_6EFG@$L/;D_
2[ZRNH$




MI[7

]^%BSA`$8;8Q







DXC:E4
M?:`LX=QFK=3\TT==+VUE19TNVT5!@&VPA=
PCKDLGHYJEMTJ:AC3?*RD&ID'


M]2^6W;VZ?K?\6J^[=S3


MC!8

MZM(CFQ:O79^=B/ZM'PB//2:TJ6ZU=DN8\I]'^FMF'Y7XW;/[(RG!:$X+J1


M_14ER^/QS

/9XY




MT


V=2M]M7RS

M?:Q7*UEO_EALEG-



M+8-='7Q8;
-3
TW!CS_\DM)9\,,O!+5WO_Z`?HEPT*0WW1RGA<KN:]F)6C^1KD

IRX

;
K8EPQE#\^7N(%A;`ICYOMMM]N13[33

M=J6K
$Y8)&.29BB


MC7#*

Y


4(8
MZZ
EA!'@6S
F(7RO5#\67COJ
JO9&JAWKK).[!OBB

M3B3AM6W%\S=
[$VQX





&MP15`-SY/A$[.FO-2





5$J/+B!QDR3QU\C1C''F.!NJ]OTGY=
MN/ER



96V3).E




&C'J]B7?+]1EPS,$4HEQT7$)2%AW$S]4HKO$@(*IC@%/26H^/0
Y
M:C*17^OU[NO8=3UAQ@Z0SU










R$X-$)%0=_3@Y]$8&-8Z

=4IAE198$X*Z@
!8G[
M8`@E6C?[VD7PC(=^X6K1BON[$2?`ID%PX=


M1H(F

MH#J:VO[B1.)
U?_N50:MS)'1I67=`

\F[
M+9O0-ZOR7;GK7U=

M+%B5VVVP6*WJ/Q;-0Z*64'[`LR:


M_O'$\4:9QD:XGXQMP*:AQ

M/1A`AI%5$T&$F?9GI66





+)&
@L&J-:G1E!P5!2TDD9P

M94\S1F#:&.C7IHXDH,P]CXU[R0MA'$33;XND

U
S=L?MFJ8?]K\SD9&4TK!)I(G(0RDICHXO(0(=IV.403/BX?=7<5&YU4

&-A
M$4K

V*C_9/1S/CR0D

T[R



M1(8A/$/H6

JI



N61;&%


M
)JE66


MJ9EUL*N##XOKGG8S.J3KP.Z)P
I%2\ZGA*[




F?*6)VUU&VJ5[W


H\J

0O2--]/?F2A=T
M60CG&&B#0E#V$A619L-0.:1-[*4:TO8V#NK`+V^/VVT%_FUBHGULV0C1+/H]
M$Z+9S*AQUCF-7^TN8$@0(VD



[OFR$4M:LG0FS[.6C

M

V&/81*-



0
_]$J1@MWO^Y#BE;,BH2JVL^R4,L`11I^JGZ4=\UNM5V_
MDG53K3APQ#7HZ[(4,]W?2K&S=$%($+`H#Y(LB5A$C_R\T$!(YX&*ZV$=4Q2




?

M





M]E2+YE-X:XYT+9-5N7[!BH_A;NKAO`AOG




5T.


M.(I0GJ0I\PGAF@GQ?9BF/I):X9R%4
<3<)`
#1!&)




M




/-\;)_`1*TY$]1/EN[I


TSA=&[!BBPEY^K
B?9(01KW
CW&4DCQE
M$
=#P


MTK)&ET;]]XTQ];



M*'_%[`0U%S]TMN/C/!&CFL0X7K0LD3NYXJY8E9MM58N97#%\-NU!C\81S3//
M(Y#X)
/

4

XU3^YF/#..YQ'9@@1M4U#5P[
M-
P8UX

MLB@




MK=QRF`W;3X:/((CO^RG$&


M237^7#3Q6B`:-6J$2'8

M4?_Q^?&QY*



T@S!6

M
T(J4S=GPB;C--Y=X6S#%J.S'7XK?E;/NV?2K-?-GV(QJGCA?[)]780HQWD6
M(40(CM

G&7P;-(-E+]K`1#Z
M#2$Y4KM6&R@.VX=#-%K!7NQ(/O0_
G.B+ADY-C@S45[S(23;G*3.$?DH%&
M1!UBIC^*:B5FU^+PI=R63U6R[O=^J79E)^W3^7Z_JFH^1_=KXN'DO]\^51L
45

JH)1RRB6CFEZ

P;[E$&7\U^TVRCL59^/:I7NH[?MW?'@ZD:K



M69#B-*/[-684Y?+'/






QXN/[%ZRTL$'

19!::)49$]5&=A)HM6:B-&-I^6U[V^[*$-
6

M.






8@]
MS!#RAW!)DB9J[SAUHSA_C=




&@'_[YOOWT5.8`VB:GOI736&F/++E?O`3
I
M(3
PXG0!Z/J*U



?:2F/V7O*OM;1O7TG]%P`*[
T!F(5*D1.Y^XHNT


AO
MU0%G]T[]]%XC34ZA)CW6D=\V




\R9




M\$V(Y\%!']_]V?1&

M**

PY.?
L+0RGAP\HHRVI
Q(V5T`']&&5TI




-=';


G+%A(C(
5




MYL-B#\DDI@[2$\!J=GJWJ_VD,1AW'+$Z).(:BV$*NQ./80KP/$FZ0'V?)]
MA-F73U


[[1`02O50Y`=F.$IY.828_#%=2_:AO7'G:?*YW
M^MOJ]ZF/K/27:@RW^L/VF(&(@3
;RDT=








V&S0OK=''8`MY5_KZ=`_^:FK@I(?UIOD




[VNSN

L$5OX(PC[=95.$7$S1H3PU+]6DOC1`&=0S/D5*XW

YRDI80Y23+TDP4!::#
M:=T$:C



9_78*^:TQ;S'#
ED$

M4B

MB

O+79S
H$^FOV?KLN
M9W@0[JZQX;GVU]%@-(^FH]?6





M^=2[\$S

#CS[T
UI1TW[
MB1G

\D(SIL,D8D^H1LL
B+1#+!)
$95FFHH$I5OD*%$59
M

M&+_NZNG;2_&;69J(DA^
/O`\8)FH(N,'99T4)0/1\I^+-UQH6





82@!;9+
0NA:)M:C9
3MK`;-TQ4BL


J?&B^H[S=-FO_NM
M7M7KS^UI]P)D-%4UF3Y43N12Y#`5!ZG$N='A!1'-1Q:S'F-2]R#;4=ZRAYEL
M#SAM=B]%BL-EV9M)+S%
!DB
F!N]QL-J)/?YA01BRUCTT?&;5?8V73U58B6

M

?A+$`);L#A.-7W`8A-[6U/ZUPK






M

:@*W.CQW/?R
MJ^*@MTLHTZ=!Y1G58$`@R0;ME=7D*65\QR^F[GH$_F_-)O[G_;U]I-#:3#B
MQHXC96:OFQ_;\WOG//TQVO;A3)3QV_=V?;]9?UBO].[;KK]MO;F_;1[6*V7^
M7?W7GBOW_UC@,L]1I08%$%5%5M(\YRSEA20TK82T:SL+9#+R,L`)RN0(,QEP
M6E;GH6@V*](G8-BN5K];O*[!IFT*




UFOQ2+/
M_(ZJY7:C:L3=;;UM6TZ/!K-[X+`$$$D4BI3BG/1&<S5$+HLK.ZA<K826?D&
M8/H
\ZYSW/9Z*7?^S*1N'.KLE.UKUJ8LU5YEZ()J^;
Z$Y$*X







QF`)BW2Z58=@X5_]&7)*2(_DW7+P?7D_-
TW:5/
MXX=WG

U*-
`O4BDF;1#R
8%2(F`90Y!
MFJNQ.U/`P=#`0O




#V?[03][A*T97!CINA8S]GWDJ2C\1
Z

@F2



A%Z)@
M;R_T?1R#2GEH&[$\R99^.4*N#M6L_Q
XM=:GIZ8XDX#24[K4@NM=^IZHG,.
MSX#JC8Z$]D9'T=E^%/3$)Y/M^^J:E5_K=:K18!CZH6
)Y3A*&`$^RGOS00I
M)5]@3Q[ID1TX






/$X]%)
H

\IK[$3LRK
OP*Q+
M&=M




Y$S'#9C4


]$@TQ%\S(#9!+2^&30PG.%A=!E
64IIBX-_.B0
929SD2<#`2BFM8!




M

^
_

M
(R\2$R[_2@DOK!!#FL'.
&@&K#:1BQGYGJ_CD?;![8^6&D.Y\@
M(S1
&?2
M2






38?Y15<E(Y<=




MB98AS'
1+E/AO!0OHYC4LF'R-M!R5?QC(^^Q;V\TK#MK&19333_@28#]D
9B
Y#V-Q7

C?P
RQKYI)47C
0
M!_Q@B3(&:?L:CY\JF:\UT=+!I:8)EDEIINFO
G%ZC6)`(D9PFXE2C(F@
O81
M06MOY@_%I]MG]KK121`'/O(SEWHI8I13BM


5
9`(]KGAIH[:B]WZSDN5L=OFZ-]8-C.*

OI'8.L2.F#4UC


3B
M_S#+
B\1_T

[RU%+HHBI:T4(QYO778/]Z_J[YK7H:8VP+

#*JY
%:6KZE5
MV!(_`M]
!G1C(CA[*:TF#$T5H7E3W%7;\M]MS]3I%\HHB=PDHRA
/49QP%#:

96K=N:0)ICJ:8QVGK@:ID)Q`@=[BHZQ(H^#.4J'&132H
M6`9@J:_\Y_6]O.?F1[Z6GUIG+(T3GI0N)Y+4]=-.4:T-\:S#%3Z3L^[827

HY\0JZG*]'34V6[`




PD])DHF]&0*GO?
MJG5.SGC2)(@94A8S.$LMA+0W847!J!YH0F[
U!]?0FBT9HC]0]2Z`MZ-YU

IHQCQ
WB@*.?#_D848.

9`AGF1NB)/12W^<^ZDUF<0BZY76

MWJ@Y`J2:D$S%$*8J9_!=2V0&(`THC@FT
Y$?(Z&\VN9IH^!,M,?A?OF^*A


_]C_;W3J^EJ0$G&0V^`84^97+X
ML!YE[YXC_7
Z!YW6P^
NU[V/T\

M49ISZ$7


MY-ZK.




P'YQ
MML6CB*`=RC3WA?RC\%GFM?-E(YVMA)VG(M\*X_*^[H=JT]P+3Z3IYKX4OUIL


M.
YBT7&RP


^WA6+,/19@#,4)X7_TH33/H]ZYX7J6T<-VO1^GAF






`ZTR4QT0DE?%O


MDQ/JX
$[O6K*IAB#A6\JO/K2IT[6MM(-L%+3.A.PYZ=V1J(ZKW?FH
$5[V.1

XHSS




WT]T4F2UV7=CB%QX!(6(R_@'D)BVNQG


3;WC3#0XI1$)(\:(D-G(3Y8R/8N1#B$76!FT*[MG9=[

Y%'*Z&]W'-B#9^R
M6/*N&




MRK$V
S65G0(73#RE1\[1I9O3S

M



V?Q]JDO%PFW([O3AX^V8WF9
M+=A.<IP!L?;O3:8PX`]CY.$@8BES
];$X@(ZO%CUZ6K(KOC+XPM'6TE80O)
FSPE?A&M'.G[#Z^58WF932LG.<X`K4S*:IOEIR;8
M
8`N]6#@
JT/`^3;9)A:Q3%ILBE/'+MBCE`^A.(Y@OZ%]'-\9W@PTOG!&IF
M4\^I[C-`0)]7IGR;QC8&;A`CB/BQ3;TAVPYB6!7(*?%X@(JBUR^/-X;.;8X



0KPC+%L=4-=/
M/WRNH8.S^6L*JAUN0!;R=&?#90




%B.*:.P&R/%]&$

C)X3\Z6:B,IUAR<W':GOK
MAT]%]+`V]Y9E'4XW(`F1*/X#!_DQ\1/D)<B%KN<ZT3SQLCU#-SH/-TH$_9`

M`+@!+9CQR'[)'#]R`\C1WA7[)0V-&;8PU7.3/LX,*M!MN.TC
\G=
C%?2:
MHA-*;'D^?M41)#RN/F=[WM:7JGS
-]D&__R]YI6E&Q94F7H4=VB]SQ_S?7ZR
MWQ('L4.].
%VX$+/C@*?C?`6281)U5OT=\YMK(`
U*!VR2%1`=G(LIW
)T


M80SD'HY:!*!FO3ZQR=J75M5;915





MD3MFHH91'-1LGC%C$DEY6$B;2$$F:
M:H70THLD*1=EITZW]ZOKXI&E@F7U\Q]5OL_B\@\N=CPM?
PJEN&M`(V`[P:(
M.(E'(&1NQZ23NB@D1&@3M)*&-$O0I_PQ8[.U#J.5#EFRH.RH(?.\^
S.HYP$



.K=?\

M#G6BB&*6LX*`Y:V@;Q
FMM3]7Y
:TBSK`S9K6U;6KJSKK+;XK*[#QRNX6?Z8



.=YHLW%KL
M%=%U?42/N1WC
Z

\``


ME`OF)


\7/F[=7O+%5&
MZ_\]Y%7&

5V=F^!QA]$[D+P
T


$26B'
MMH





:J
M(W/4'/]36=Q]RZK[3WF1U3=;4F6;?+\*PLCW*=_O!A
2AH'GDWZ+`((2TQ

=8-SPCQ^)
ORLW?]!$^9LW-T





5GV9M-
ML3@

M-R+$SZ9\;[`H*893?6&P/DXV34`RU=`GO3OQ9LNU^KJN#RFCAY3UOE[Y./1(



4




Y57[?BS'^G+(]YOK$E:T9G0
'0YK#+6]%DN8`3'UE
478'38\GGQM''_S
ML$194Y5W!+?BS-(!#`DT\]M]9F//C
1?##_-(^8]N'XRPT&REN_+HAD.'&^V

ETF76QVMA#?<L%RQ-$N8\]S

MK]@!P/=HS%2.#@
?7]OG%^NJ$;K[00W'ZFIE7YT=H#5#-6


HAKX'`AK9
M&

/FVY#0R)/2$C<FLWO-F5@!#RN9=**$PC*#@]@)AID7^UA.221^L78-
M:;&


M!VQUB/FK3V5E#:;^RV.CYVM]#\DR
7%4F-CA%+BY?UB5R@TN(.70=GY%@]

M5MZ^D5K








M/1A@W0X66.E@@M0E-5H=)I`E&^

M[A$RQ5TC[Q!Z

M8VW1'_RBHHQOLJ8@]N


M/P^)D@N7`W^D8^YZ;N8DJNSS

M5)DYSR]L5$J3C'3U

/8B

MQ\0)OCB)Y^50M2?

M!!0````(`.4[DD6^J'%W27

#$T
3`S


.R9)4#LF25'5XP`!!4.```$.0$``.Q=6W/;.I)^WZK]#][
MZSHF+@2!4Y.=PG7*54[LM9
YLT\L6H9M[I%)#TDY\?SZ`6A1\56B*))6[*E4
MG6-)0+/[PX=F`V@`?_[+CZOISHTMRC3//GT`'X



B

[=7^[+/TZ3TN[\*-/?

M?[4+XX'W^49Q]VG-%9V4+^O.1O/_P7#\I_1W5IP!C;JW]=%W3YPHZL6#O
M[Y\/3FH3=].LK))L8C\X#'9V_ESD4WMLSW?\_[\=[S\04;9F6N?/#M/BJOR
MXR2_VO/%]OAD4LSLF?YQ;;/2EN[Y7HW?+@M[_NE#F9Q?.:L!!L&=S7]ZH7AU


XSZG67HUNSJP




M%[

W:&NS$-BJ\CBJ;A#V;2IW'`--DA9_2Z8S6[\
BN+6_59_/CS_^7JL5^3N

A;9(Q7%@[Z4KO$Z7.+:3//
(U^@=GO^UR

!`YMT;
NJ


M_KJPI8L-:F]XX$K-RWJ9F^2IWSW+_JBLJW9VEP?OGC;-)\^95)MSGI2GM4VS

9E4



%S
ML=



MG$@.&+2\)##,!)!`(9-I8)QDE'!H7OET&;(3P:=Y*IR8LZO?NPNK3%U\LD
MNY?RW9)/K83$)C0
2`
&0'W<Z,F6=2YF6:[C
MNIZO%W,5AL(PC4EG%$:<`8:.PD.NX[THO?*KIZ`'I%0#@H'W'0=Q_5LI9BZ
M5SOBD$`'&A*!BQY_=ID00-B12O3]4FESE





4JJ[3I6#]B?=[B1&_*)7Z0GG\M=?GL@A_

C'PGU$3IZZV



PNC?'F&=AL_'







-VM!Y
[=&E^
M6;U8`T54Q`!@$7F
NPWVC1V`K_`WHE\V[K[9`SR#0'\&`3[EA5VXMOO[%LV
MR;-FZO1H5DPN'QRA=O]&'G[E]_8NH=\&4F
C0J
E$9)0R!D+6`@7T2E%\JUM
M:1F3G.
URS92]S`S:5%6/
H0:!NV1F%4O$<Z2
MZ4]OJ69V/_MB?U1?O]OIC?WLRERN(%E+(3'@``@*E<)&!P(#BJD*F0B,E8

M:(X=8B22L!E#8:!5UPW+&^V%^75IU1/
KYOR
\QUPV\Z/\AGDA()(Z*X=GQ1
M(68\$#J
@(YD0%8&`Z-


M=YGO
-(TZ+R_8$OG'`:FS/(IL7[;XA4F85\R8#_[^CW_/YL4R^*GM67%%`&L
M=$00=T!0'H8A10YV(**((22ZANUKKQ2X4?1I/M`;;RL)V;D-MHN3[JFV/U8N
MI

MHJ1!1$9AU_UOVW[ZUK8QM&-[;!%#-Z=E'&H2T2B*A%&(&DBDD%%C.Y6(C;;@
M
V8M&_IUC6(MB+

MZL=:AX)3&2!%0\P%H-KG8]S9K5S@/A:7'LZ@C\:FSC1XG($P`-@C'4567T5T


4**8(--1

M7Y


M29NC#E?3Y]GR

$WGB$/@#$G38L'239F7N\

MN%_UM;6*5
FKGF_CX55Y4Z3_K[U^T;_F482^/B(V.N&*8\(C


L8C4UP6*2(G`
NW3CEZNY/HF5!Y!O\R,%-/^
MCL?&0G^`VQN=T.J?`2]3;#/(Q\P:F5_5U#Y?Y&&%&$H,B&#8^,0$4PQ75CF
MCWA^^V3JW-8OI(ML!/!(U.GQ[D/*(TFP1@`8%0)HA
#--)T@Z
VF&@U#H%XP
M'I%#^]DDO[+K76S^M$[

M29NNSWN:F,_%3/AQ\7^5A5(_.6)D4&+CJ*Z7W+_P54`PWOAH!_#.*=V.GY


IV
FE@[(\2HIZ
M
ZF#J5[]_GE21IM##:4'!/E(D$U&07*HPD*VB!_TF[TTM0_V/-U)
V)+
MC

D/=O/YI
L

M4OBK


MV*\SD%QK`!D'1`M.`UY+H

;C;D%*Z02II
M;)B2QA`80A`9?UY1H!O?JR`U7:FT_F5HK[:V.'B.7Q_`WZ/9Z(=
'M6(7MHJ

%0_)?[%UKD]NVDOU'NW@_/N)Y*W63



$Q!1+B+B1D$4]B6N

MH#=#H3-G^1A9+L2UB-7ER1#MZDO4I]OL+J\:!\0`AJG(I]0&4D^BNM1@Y*6[


(H
(1YAC.



YY+()








MEG?.AP




1H`A!Q@988@VC2\.&GB]1OXAV?+2.3_4

M6]4XF:WA=2?[!BXD8RZ9Y+`W0G#*3&U24$854!@G=3KWPHR6T[F/.2C!N??5


_MX__-F:&P\^








46$J/T^(8WYWO\\94&.0_/EVR

MQ^H?J]7=IGUW/]0\`(^

&@3N
8ZR
XZPH*`PSG(EF(;.0





(X/B/5SA9DM(


C/0+&!#


M8D


M:P!^



^55J%2C.(K.'J





'VWE?PA1A3U)BA(FJ=04C=+

M(G!6&2(=8IXJ30UT2)OT0-\22CKX#

M!(S[0X(XHY$_DVX)=W3YN@[B7<6M^V#Z!;?(3G[GVCU3E
M:OL-+6NY<]\`$&?6TN]`?%2P0RC-&$:54%H^&D]J6T=;ZK;__BT^O:?=]5\



MT/9/AEK
=[7N:^



MM$WDO7SXU^S+
67D4-




M`W'ZQ'JP`VE'[O?5U]4ZI2Y-AORC=YZV+H$CH16S&J7ZKU:G`&)1RV-!=D5Q
M^'



M!

8)VJRS]6*





,M4B=RYJ
M'4UWN]I$:_K[.9$G#^(1O$7;G*;Y]UXA]XB(9R#%C*.4!RKQ%MBV<XKQQU6





MMKQYJ!OY=GFU$UH'I!43P'!
8`QQF6REIF1L8)N!@@$&HLIKQ:%_O6R`18

'84$[AF5A_3;'CBS4_W5[
ML;J(3U1Q@WE9I8Q1M=WT9;:8K7\^5.DY6CBI]3N\X3'K3`23%+!=6
BYU

HAGL4A7=W]7U?)IE^(T[:/H'6C5Z:6!66HA3/6331R?

EXM:6(DI0W7]N





M7)=G1Z

6OG.?8
M&




'TS8O[E
;A4R+B


1
@\^QM\F)N+R<+^8/60-F/TP4:'ZW^7WYO=K<?7O[[/WE2%.I`9*S#QB





O3!-40ZU!'D4W].?U5T[0^M5LY`NX1'C





0E5_$L`9








7=*WNZ&EH%C:96Q


8_LS8.




M'D;DXC944EW][_U#NJB



2CJ9.*N1M%!B[=D)LW-OMUF#&EH&


[!7?13D87L#_.V&P1(LA614^)1-5C'C


^[7]3[0NR'Y:2^'
[

M$+17C93DXN%0A]:




Z=N9?;^#0X:U!Z8PD`:
M1HR/)38[W!T

M3
;HMYP
M+CMH1PT%['OH&JT)5Y!:H2'BF@NES,/L:.SPISC#-W=6?6Q1&-O/A\P10Q@

M


MI

MN.%4$F`G


7%3K;[;ZZR[N?\WL=I[B%*O9IOKXUV)^\Q!.LJ83UUJ-=P/-P@8

+$T4Z)^QK_$7Z,
ME)=84^<PDQ@GJJ/$:FTU*HQ*]=PTOV^C%V\_W;R?!IP.@Q#CCO(0IHR_'

M(AQ+#2AW2@E:MDL,Z.P9CBB9&OVI8'7YHC


M*1NIV(\JA
Z(+9TUW



1B)5@XWF

M







!S3=L]
4*&5!)#@D=;\I
KDDF6I=M;(D^7_RKK3);5O9_B7L

65B0D.^O0A






MKQ\-
0ICB@&I!83
N1B-$=!(H[7(+7AW[ILC8_H1`S$MS9#6T]^?'P[6:TD0
MM5(82!@1U)#=ER



8/2FKF%$I%
#%M)!



M_(&G`^-(:B)%*H=D
%

M






T^4'@)P`$#H&@
2`2BH==-9&




+)*/WG./[J?Q`400(UVE-<0YA+BV8.?+4XS#S;!+T*J8Z)]*I9]K-+Y







QQ1@UGC61:P6N-BX9IN=N]\7[0GN[V


.-DM+$-76'!F+%JI=
#?&A_FRKHEK0Z6&V@LI



M*&`TYQ#LD.
^-UJ^A$W1
8DT*LJE3WWV3]QLE@G-CL
:.444`89
M3RBGOL'!D.S
X




I2:-C)*FUTZ
MYQ(V@X9HO




=?
+Q74O+(-Z*-J/1?5$AO-_5HZ&Y_*#7NA

M7&O#O`PE'FCLW`_$$D3(;.S
G4&8&0RPMX0H!AQXE
-IZ7^%QLZ=57FXL7
O
M((L0(JNQL^)19

X_L.

F(?O*G?:20Y$1.?:


M3!]'ND^W=]5T


MPD#
MS*\:VK^CDW)ROU@OJE7Z]6C&SC[;S5]G&CT#;?=$-5J5:T/6I.1WAS2







,Y);
M=^+<EXJCD:0NH(73+Q$GW)TZW4*!D<=IOYDQ)9W!B%-N(356`DF%@:V^]9%V
ML;SU



H[V#K)'#:9&;)'KN&URE
M*#



M?5W


MQX3

'%UMU_(QM%H?$^DRZ1+U='.[





:L


.ZZ)!A`8`8!P2II&+N?]M29GC*GQUP'W#@7
M2N^ZKY;K[S?SM#`OIFG.]]L.EVR-CJ
#E131+BA)!8NAH4:HA^T-F!73N






Y1+K#%B-&KB[$4`K+4CHI`R#C5
MGK(=N5-ZW95:I`PE'NABW`_$


T/T!W0WTX;EAKCHOH3`V

W4(DA48H#:373








MR;]
M




M4

H$'D+FG1V&(V`L
A`RH9E%0+!J;1C07)^?UV.@](V)

E(C=?298@Q'T5B%%J2``
M&4YD145$<.Y-_5@3M/<J/,_&EF&

ME#1@NSJJ4*[&-M9(GQY!UQ&)SQI`=CR@CATBY487%%!OM7`448#]X_;ASE]:


I@`A5!(:

M/AHW2$*N$:.N-MVE\;E!V?`7?`GHB
:#B+[;20]6193L[A/D;\;_EUMGC:C
M9OENDW$IRO*D:C;?@F2,%AARW&JCG!4*2HLD\[4Z(!S.?FW^!9\*^B?_(Z*

M7=W4SAR/7A?-9]M1_4/D#L-1X\3&11W4(D*

D]]QU+E)U'N(
MXPY+0#%J3AK4D_9]?5M
UW?IJ;[.G/MN?K



^6E
Y.'Q1(/Z_1'1_]EC!J*(ISCM'&<PT!(A_<2R


!J^41&@7LK5:EYOIUB%;R\WN:();\PC!`N8%
M
L`K@:SV$I6F2D6RI[M_I_
?AUSI(L&V(3$;A[\$[J0]H-^RR'E]H&`*&2

M`'`'ZU-8\MPDL:=?22Q2I9(+!%2'U#^W*\_&Q+F












T/!+C6G7DM@-

MGWP]+!GW-0V`(LB=$
HAZ8$$E#RN!HGL.[M7!Z&NF/[L7J\5O?-CLC].RM7L

MJHY,Y*=^'?TBF(OZ.B0TD.JAWHQ7S?[5[_0.ID

MY=?8O00Z1T]W-
XZ5=S]M[O%0U'^-EDE!=
LYJMR]F7=?+0T=HR4X(9IBQAD

MK

2

MX3






M0#5'KLH.&D47QMFA.N`-SIW`N0VW7O?MT9\;L^7=?&N-G.7RZ


Q[9^%@6RL7#.OKUY\K-VG.&7Q=O5[M@X

M'9W%=)KC2=NA0SQZO!=8

M-ZU]%SO'\O-/!



M83VEE'AE(-`8@XKJ2J27:LU9OOQ6!T.
X



1+9+Z555M0%)SU)OL%%+T%

MR'.0#?*W(.##^L




9J1KBS@6SF

@B5U4I3;;W1A$7N81`MR&[#:4=

GYV*SP+!M
VPO%1GAET$K1-G@^C

\%PO3

_5*'99$6\H%VC@Y=;U3#`\7:QQNG]@

R0:0%B%$JK'4C.:K++G(Z1Z9M:GK:5KCU
M0.


M.W\]5G8
M.(V]X1BK`-Q0@3DOVPK+&5=JFRZ4U%?

M0*$=4XHC5^Y%?\5%9[

1HTZ



=+$F*SZR0)X*A-4
HZ$OD6

D/XHSN`GP@A#JO69::$N28;*@'=I:JLZ@G\\*6(BF/JA`
MFBFAEY!ZSYTOCY*!'/A%Q3`0QRR++$T-G7.(IIY;)*(W5J]1=#OO%!S[X7HK

A=E0=FK4Z2U-)8$1T)8&IYTF!ZX_&<5A5*2QCM


MQK2





ZD;!
-@:)B$1;YI(3Z4438:2$6)\2PH1HE*<'%)^+0^=K**%W<YGW'R03MLDM`
M3
(TWSD^&LHX&PZE4D11$AAVK1#04995O0%/:2V*VO03-
]N(3$*`YW/



CX_9@494I6]






^:
M*$MGC[QV


M:GDH)THO0




;8=)R)W9?=




M7/N3:ZW(&B





.K'X2(A+]:J
@DA



?1X!26YV@V
M;B,B`PS*?T,C(&^'!,Q_=ZYLLJC*%8!01MO,E(/G59D$.*TE9^-(%7Y`1`7



AYBK6M4WP^90


;F]GTI!TCUGLL@+
5D11(

3N:N3PYP-Z6S:Z`NU=%O2ZZ0S^
M^W)S!YJ;C-!P

]X3

ML1R[#NK

BEQDS(EF*.=)ID)OU

ZZ8
UMZ11%7F!S_MPF=&U
M
K5X6L1(ZWG
9I
MZM1_<G1Y319$&+#P\!UB5XZN:5X3AVJ-D<=J-5RV(OUN[
\E])OT(YZ@?R6


M38;&D!RQ#PIE4

(J*[6PGJ:QJ9YI`%%&H
M=HY'.*X#'(9.L\T\OK7\9))O8UJE360GB*MD(B?U%BNAQDQE=?0G1;^EHF_)
M$Q%X21[4XX0]KJBUF@+S&%J]I7
NKK@0_%GM1]!G/H+#&B.B;CW[RA1]9KOZ








/M^]]K
N)MZGRU/&
M4$[;#\25@EKZ_A@H'Z@3)U1NF]-W?@/%&M]-%?=K/&K+U`I:.RD]H1/UP2[;

M/_1W.M4



M?_LQK\84
EI4J[XY!V0VK^+XXJU[[9'9
U3?CNA@LZ2BBQ7M85FG/.UDC*
M@0B`J*;=D-VJ4/75JV;0V/*-&-?Y526F`XAR#-ORTPIX$)8WUZ)JE/605;6&

M^/!O\8H/@`
A
-B8JOA(Y6K
;/I$;0@`E/4).M?DN5=;-1UPC\&K6G2#P3[-
MZ(&79+(P`P=^41]JBL3Q?1JKY?'`W6U\G-]9JF:L%7&&(^YJR:X096LD%%U5

MDL/MX(7&3KYLK0Z;`JMN6::\GNIP]!ZK26TPT+XNLW'Q%()I?Z*AB=(J4M


F[CVQX2[1P<1LA1D4S02V;RW5FJ1%V)SQU.]Z%[=NR;5!)
Z

M/=.E(A'6`6ZO.+Y0IE8H[XA\Y$*N'LB?'A4DW*ZRO[B]+/FS\I.%B;O4ZJ1#

Z?.
M;;_#NPG2=\M:%Q_O5XXG76J3KXP&GZQ/FUI.A18:V[W2A01_/2
O.
7*GK(6

MKX9
[HEL^N
%[:5_PK+%'W_?:NJGWGP(OGW)Q3:'ESVUVLO9E+YD\A)_WU[J

$LO/U4#:O#+]H`Y=
B(&






#$T
3`S
M

.R9)4=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%`````@`

C`Q-#$P
M

M`.4[DD5[P?XBJ


30Q
M
#

#$T
M
3`S

.R9)4=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``4$L!`AX#%```

``!$`&````````0```*2!;]
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeasesDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_InventoryAxis=safm_InventoryLivePoultryBroilersAndBreedersMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_InventoryAxis=safm_InventoryFeedEggsAndOtherMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_InventoryAxis=safm_InventoryProcessedPoultryMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_InventoryAxis=safm_InventoryProcessedFoodMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_InventoryAxis=safm_InventoryPackagingMaterialsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_PercentageOfEmployeesCoveredByCollectiveBargainingAgreements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceOnFirstAnniversary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_EstimatedCostofInvestment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionAndDevelopmentCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ContractualObligationDueInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOrAvailableForOperatingLeaseAxis=us-gaap_PropertySubjectToOperatingLeaseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueByBalanceSheetGroupingTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=safm_A2012PerformanceShareAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=safm_A2013PerformanceShareAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_DisclosureOfDeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchasesIncludingPermittedCarryoverAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_NumberOfPoultryComplexes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapitalIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_MinimumNetWorthRequired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=us-gaap_ConstructionLoansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineofCreditFacilityConstructionExpenditureLimitation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=safm_TermLoanFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LoansPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_DebtInstrumentMaturityDateYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_DebtInstrumentFirstInstallmentPaymentYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapital1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=safm_FiscalYearTwentyThirteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchasesPermittedCarryoverAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=safm_FiscalYearTwentyFourteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchasesPermittedCarryoverAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=safm_FiscalYearTwentyFifteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchasesPermittedCarryoverAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=safm_FiscalYearTwentySixteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchasesPermittedCarryoverAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=safm_FiscalYearTwentySeventeenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchasesPermittedCarryoverAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=safm_FiscalYearTwentyEighteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchases'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineOfCreditFacilityCapacityAvailableForSpecificPurposeOtherThanForTradePurchasesPermittedCarryoverAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=safm_PalestineTexasMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_safm_LineofCreditFacilityConstructionExpenditureLimitation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesTradeAndOtherAccountsReceivableAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'

