

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000812128-20-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20201031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20201217
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20201217
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANDERSON FARMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000812128
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	POULTRY SLAUGHTERING AND PROCESSING [2015]
		IRS NUMBER:				640615843
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MS
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1031
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-14977
		FILM NUMBER:		201394235
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 N 13TH AVE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 988
		CITY:			LAUREL
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39441
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6016494030
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 N 13TH AVENUE
		STREET 2:		PO BOX 988
		CITY:			LAUREL
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39441









g:8e5c9a9d-f753-4d04-8349-b4b76805639b

Washington
 D.C. 20549
 2020
 
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&#160;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item&#160;405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein
 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#8217;s knowledge
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
If an emerging growth company
2
550
803
Number of shares outstanding of the Registrant&#8217;s common stock as of December&#160;10

324

Market for the Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K (the Annual Report) is filed by Sanderson Farms
 Inc.
 a Mississippi corporation. Except where the context indicates otherwise
 the terms &#8220;Registrant
&#8221; &#8220;Company
&#8221; &#8220;Sanderson Farms
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us
&#8221; or &#8220;our&#8221; refer to Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and its subsidiaries and predecessor organizations. The use of these terms to refer to Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and its subsidiaries collectively does not suggest that Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and its subsidiaries have abandoned their separate identities or the legal protections given to them as separate legal entities. &#8220;Fiscal year&#8221; means the fiscal year ended October&#160;31
 2020
 Except for Item&#160;4A herein
 the Item numbers and letters appearing in this Annual Report correspond with those used in Securities and Exchange Commission Form 10-K (and
 to the extent that it is incorporated into Form 10-K
 those used in SEC Regulation S-K) as effective on the date hereof
 which specifies the information required to be included in Annual Reports to the SEC. Item&#160;4A (&#8220;Executive Officers of the Registrant&#8221;) has been included by the Registrant in accordance with General Instruction G(3) of Form 10-K and Instruction 3 of Item&#160;401(b) of Regulation S-K. The information contained in this Annual Report is
 unless indicated to be given as of a specified date or for a specified period
 given as of the date of this Annual Report
 which is December&#160;17
The Registrant was incorporated in Mississippi in 1955
 and is a fully
 vertically-integrated poultry processing company engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken products. In addition
 the Registrant is engaged in the processing
The Registrant sells ice-packed
 chill-packed
 bulk-packed and frozen chicken
 in whole
 cut-up and boneless form
 primarily under the Sanderson Farms&#174; brand name
 to retailers
 distributors
 and casual dining operators in the United States and to customers who resell frozen chicken into export markets. During its fiscal year ended October&#160;31
 2020
 the Registrant processed approximately 657 million chickens
 or approximately 4.8 billion dressed pounds. According to 2020 industry statistics
The Registrant's fresh and frozen chicken operations presently encompass 11 hatcheries
 9 feed mills
The Company&#8217;s prepared chicken product line includes approximately 60 institutional and consumer-packaged
 partially cooked or marinated chicken items that it sells nationally
Since the Registrant completed the initial public offering of its common stock in May 1987
 the Registrant has significantly expanded its operations by expanding existing facilities
 adding second shifts and constructing new facilities to increase production capacity
 product lines and marketing flexibility. Since 1992
 when the Company sold approximately 361.4 million pounds of product
 the Company has constructed 8 new hatcheries
 6 new feed mills and 8 new processing plants. As a result of our expansion efforts
 the Company's production capacity has significantly increased
 and in fiscal 2020 the Company sold approximately 4.9 billion pounds of product
The Company changed its marketing strategy in 1997 to move away from growing small-sized birds serving primarily the fast food industry to concentrate its production on medium-sized and larger-sized birds serving the retail grocery and food service industries
 respectively. This shift resulted in larger average bird weights of the chickens processed by the Company
 and substantially increased the number of pounds processed by the Company. In addition
The Company is a party to a revolving credit facility dated March 21
 2019
 with a maximum available borrowing capacity of $1.0 billion. Under the credit facility
 the Company may not exceed a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of 50%. The Company has a one-time right
 at any time during the term of the agreement
 to increase the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio then in effect by five absolute percentage points in connection with the construction of a new poultry complex for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at October&#160;31
 2020
 was $1.0 billion. The credit is unsecured and
 unless extended
 will expire on March&#160;21
 2024. As of October&#160;31
 2020
 and December 16
 2020
 the Company had borrowed $25.0 million
 and had approximately $25.2 million outstanding in letters of credit
 leaving $949.8 million of borrowing capacity available under the facility. For more information about the facility
 see Item 1.01 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 27
The Registrant is engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and the preparation
 processing
 marketing and distribution of processed and minimally prepared chicken items. The Registrant has one reporting segment
The Registrant sells chill-packed
 ice-packed
 bulk-packed and frozen chicken
 in whole
 cut-up and boneless form
 primarily under the Sanderson Farms&#174; brand name
 to retailers
 distributors and casual dining operators in the United States and to customers who resell frozen chicken into export markets. During its fiscal year ended October&#160;31
 2020
 the Registrant processed approximately 657 million chickens
 or approximately 4.8 billion dressed pounds. According to 2020 industry statistics
The Registrant conducts its chicken operations through Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division)
 both of which are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. The production subsidiary
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division)
 which has facilities in Laurel
 Collins
 Hazlehurst and McComb
 Mississippi; Bryan
 Waco
 Palestine
 Freestone County
 Robertson County
 Lindale and Mineola
 Texas; Adel
 Georgia; and Kinston and Lumberton
 North Carolina
 is engaged in the production of chickens to the broiler stage. Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division)
 which has facilities in Laurel
 Collins
 Hazlehurst and McComb
 Mississippi; Hammond
 Louisiana; Bryan
 Palestine
 Waco and Smith County
 Texas; Moultrie
 Georgia; and Kinston and St. Pauls
 North Carolina
 is engaged in the processing
The Registrant conducts its prepared chicken business through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Foods Division)
 which has a facility in Flowood
 Mississippi. This facility is engaged in the processing
 marketing and distribution of approximately 60 processed and minimally prepared chicken items
 which it sells nationally
Processed chicken is first salable as an ice-packed
 whole chicken. The Registrant adds value to its ice-packed
 whole chickens by removing the giblets
 cutting and deboning the product based on customer specifications
 and weighing
 packaging and labeling the product to specific customer requirements. The additional processing steps of giblet removal
 cutting and close tolerance weighing increase the value of the product to the customer over whole
 ice-packed chickens by reducing customer handling and cutting labor and capital costs
 reducing the shrinkage associated with cutting
The Registrant adds additional value to the processed chicken by deep chilling and packaging whole chickens in bags or combinations of fresh chicken parts
 including boneless product
 in various sized
 individual trays under the Registrant&#8217;s brand name
 which then may be weighed and pre-priced
 based on each customer&#8217;s needs. This chill-pack process increases the value of the product by extending shelf life
 reducing customer weighing and packaging labor
with a wide variety of products with uniform
 well designed packaging
To satisfy some customers&#8217; merchandising needs
 the Registrant freezes the chicken product
 which adds value by meeting the customers&#8217; handling
 storage
The following table sets forth
 for the periods indicated
 the contribution
 as a percentage of net sales dollars
Fiscal Year Ended October&#160;31
The three largest customer markets in the fresh and frozen chicken industry are food service customers that purchase fresh
 bulk-packed products produced from a relatively large bird; retail grocery store customers that purchase fresh
The following table sets forth
 as of October 31
 2020
 for each of the Company&#8217;s poultry processing plants
 the general customer market to which the plant is devoted
 the weekly capacity of each plant at full capacity expressed in number of head processed
Laurel
650
Hammond
650
Hazlehurst
650
Collins
1
300
Waco
1
300
Palestine
1
300
St. Pauls
1
300
McComb
1
300
Bryan
1
300
Moultrie
1
300
Kinston
1
300
Tyler
1
300
Note 1 - At our virtual investor day on October 16
 2020
 we announced our intention to reduce the target live weight for our Hazlehurst
 Mississippi plant from a big bird size to a chill-pack retail size for the purpose of meeting shifting demand needs
 primarily as a result of the coronavirus pandemic and its effects on consumer buying patterns. On approximately November 23
 2020
 the live birds processed at the Hazlehurst
Our big bird plants process a relatively large bird. The chicken products produced at these plants are generally sold as fresh
 bulk-packed chicken cut into a variety of products
 including boneless breast meat
 chicken tenders
 whole and cut wings and boneless thigh meat
 and are sold primarily to food service customers and further processors at negotiated spreads from quoted commodity market prices for those products. We have long-term contracts with many of our customers for these products produced at our big bird plants
 but prices for products sold pursuant to those contracts fluctuate based on quoted commodity market prices. The contracts do not require the customers to purchase
 or the Company to sell
 any specific quantity of product. The dark meat from these birds that is not deboned is sold primarily as leg quarters and drumsticks in the export market or as fresh whole legs to further processors. While we have long-standing relationships with many of our export partners
 virtually all of our export sales are at negotiated or spot commodity prices
As of December 16
 2020
 the Company had the capacity to process 6.5&#160;million head per week in its big bird plants
 which reflects the shift of the Hazlehurst
 Mississippi plant from a big bird sized bird to a chill-pack retail sized bird. Our results from these plants are materially affected by fluctuations in the commodity market prices for boneless breast meat
 chicken tenders
 wings
Urner Barry is an independent company specializing in the timely
 accurate and independent reporting on market news and market price quotations to its customers in various food and protein industries
 including poultry. The Urner Barry spot market prices for boneless breast meat
 chicken tenders
 leg quarters
 whole wings and boneless thigh meat for the past five calendar years are set forth below and are published with Urner Barry's permission. Realized prices will not necessarily equal quoted market prices since most contracts offer negotiated discounts to quoted market prices
Our chill-pack plants process medium sized birds and cut and package the product in various sized individual trays to customers&#8217; specifications. The trays are weighed and pre-priced primarily for customers to resell through retail grocery outlets. The Company sells its chill-pack products both under store brand names and under the Company&#8217;s Sanderson Farms&#174; brand name. The Company has contracts ranging in duration from one year to three years with most of its chill-pack customers. These agreements typically provide for the pricing of product based on agreed upon
 flat prices or on negotiated formulas that use an agreed upon
 regularly quoted market price as the base
 as well as various other guidelines for the relationship between the parties. All of our contracts with retail grocery store customers also provide for the sale of negotiated quantities of product at periodically negotiated prices
 rather than the flat and formula-driven prices discussed above. None of our contracts with retail grocery store customers require the customers to purchase
 or the Company to sell
 any specific quantity of product. As of December 16
 2020
 the Company had the capacity to process 7.15&#160;million head per week at its chill-pack plants
 which reflects the shift of the Hazlehurst
As with products produced at our big bird plants
 selection of the desired methodology for pricing chill-pack products is largely customer driven. Prior to the discontinuation in November 2016 of the Georgia Dock index
 which had been published by the Georgia Department of Agriculture
 many of our chill-pack customers used that index as the base for pricing formulas. As new and renewing contracts have been negotiated
 many of our chill-pack customers chose to negotiate flat prices for the life of the contracts
 while some of our customers have chosen to use an index published by Express Markets
Almost all of our products sold by our prepared chicken plant are sold under long-term contracts at fixed prices related to the spot commodity price of chicken at the time the contract is negotiated
The Registrant&#8217;s chicken products are sold primarily to retailers (including national and regional supermarket chains and local supermarkets) and distributors within the United States. The Registrant also sells its chicken products to casual dining operators
 foreign customers
United States. This wide range of customers
 together with the Registrant&#8217;s product mix
 provides the Registrant with flexibility in responding to changing market conditions in its effort to maximize profits. This flexibility also assists the Registrant in its efforts to reduce its exposure to market volatility
Sales and distribution of the Registrant&#8217;s chicken products are conducted primarily by sales personnel at the general corporate offices in Laurel
 Mississippi
Generally
 the Registrant prices much of its chicken products based upon weekly and daily market prices reported by private firms such as EMI and Urner Barry. The Registrant&#8217;s profitability is affected by such market prices
 which may fluctuate substantially and exhibit cyclical and seasonal characteristics. The Registrant will adjust base prices depending upon value added
 volume
 product mix and other factors. While base prices may change weekly and daily
 the Registrant&#8217;s adjustments to those base prices are generally negotiated from time to time with customers. The Registrant&#8217;s sales are generally made on an as-ordered basis
 and the Registrant maintains sales contracts ranging in duration from one year to three years with many of its customers. These agreements
 which provide the pricing structure of product
 as well as various other guidelines for the relationship between the parties
From time to time
 the Registrant may use television
 radio and newspaper advertising
 point of purchase material
 social media and other marketing techniques to develop consumer awareness of and brand recognition for its Sanderson Farms&#174; products. The Registrant has achieved a high level of public awareness and acceptance of its products in its core markets. Brand awareness is an important element of the Registrant&#8217;s marketing philosophy
 and it intends to continue brand name merchandising of its products. During calendar 2004
 the Company launched an advertising campaign designed to distinguish the Company&#8217;s fresh chicken products from competitors&#8217; products. The campaign noted that the Company&#8217;s product is a natural product free from salt
 water and other additives that some competitors inject into their fresh chicken. The Company continues to use various media to communicate this message today. During fiscal 2016
 the Company launched a multi-media advertising campaign designed to explain and support the Company's position regarding the judicious use of antibiotics to prevent illness and treat chickens that become ill.  During fiscal 2017
While the information presented in the campaigns launched in fiscal years 2016 and 2017 is still available on our website
 the Company launched a new multi-media campaign in fiscal 2018 designed to educate consumers on key attributes of our products. In fiscal year 2019
 the Company's marketing efforts were primarily focused on digital campaigns that provided new
 easily accessible recipes and highlighted the relatively high protein content of poultry. In fiscal 2020
 the Company quickly shifted its marketing efforts to adapt to challenges that arose as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic
 focusing on providing supportive and meaningful digital content for the evolving digital shopper. The Company regularly evaluates consumer trends
 preferences
 perception and awareness of its brand and
 while not currently advertising on television
 expects to continue to use extensions of previous campaigns and to develop new and relevant content in other media
The Registrant&#8217;s prepared chicken items are sold nationally
 primarily to distributors and national food service accounts. Sales of such products are handled by sales personnel of the Registrant and by independent food brokers. Prepared chicken items are distributed from the Registrant&#8217;s plant in Flowood
 Mississippi
 The Registrant is a fully
 vertically-integrated producer of fresh
 frozen and minimally prepared chicken products
 controlling the production of hatching eggs
 hatching
 feed manufacturing
 growing
. The Registrant maintains its own breeder flocks for the production of hatching eggs. The Registrant&#8217;s breeder flocks are acquired as one-day old chicks (known as pullets and cockerels) from primary breeding companies that specialize in the production of genetically designed breeder stock. As of October&#160;31
 2020
 the Registrant maintained contracts with 70 independent contract pullet producers for the grow-out of pullets (growing the pullet to the point at which it is capable of egg production
 which takes approximately six months). Thereafter
transported by the Registrant&#8217;s vehicles to breeder farms that are maintained
 as of October&#160;31
 2020
The Registrant owns and operates eleven hatcheries located in Mississippi
 Texas
 Georgia and North Carolina where eggs are incubated
 vaccinated and hatched in a process requiring 21 days. The chicks are vaccinated against common poultry diseases and are transported by the Registrant&#8217;s vehicles to independent contract grow-out farms. As of October&#160;31
 2020
 The Registrant places its chicks on the farms of 823 independent contract broiler producers
 as of October&#160;31
 2020
 located in Mississippi
 Texas
 Georgia and North Carolina
 where broilers are grown to an age of approximately seven to nine weeks. The farms provide the Registrant with sufficient housing capacity for its operations
 and are typically family-owned farms operated under contract with the Registrant. The farm owners provide facilities
 utilities and labor; the Registrant supplies the day-old chicks
Historically
 An important factor in the grow-out of chickens is the rate at which chickens convert feed into body weight. The Registrant purchases primary feed ingredients on the open market. Ingredients include corn and soybean meal
 which are the largest cost components of the Registrant&#8217;s total feed costs. The quality and composition of the feed are critical to the conversion rate
 and accordingly
 the Registrant formulates and produces its own feed. As of October&#160;31
 2020
 the Registrant operated nine feed mills
 four of which are located in Mississippi
 three in Texas
 one in Georgia and one in North Carolina. The Registrant&#8217;s annual feed requirements for fiscal 2020 were approximately 5.1 million tons
Feed grains are commodities subject to volatile price changes caused by weather
 size of harvest
 transportation and storage costs
 domestic and export demand and the agricultural and energy policies of the United States and foreign governments. On October&#160;31
 2020
 the Registrant had the capacity to store approximately 4.4 million bushels of corn at its feed mills
 which was sufficient to store approximately one week's requirements for corn. Generally
 the Registrant purchases its corn and other feed ingredients at current prices from suppliers and
 to a limited extent
 directly from farmers. Feed grains are available from an adequate number of sources. Although the Registrant has not experienced and does not anticipate problems in securing adequate supplies of feed grains
 price fluctuations of feed grains have a direct and material effect upon the Registrant&#8217;s profitability. Although the Registrant attempts to manage the risk of volatile price changes in grain markets by sometimes purchasing grain at current prices for future delivery
 Once broilers reach processing weight
 they are transported in the Registrant's vehicles to the Registrant&#8217;s processing plants. These plants use modern
 highly automated equipment to process and package the chickens. The Registrant&#8217;s McComb and Collins
 Mississippi; Moultrie
 Georgia; Kinston and St. Pauls
 North Carolina and Bryan
 Waco
 Palestine and Tyler
 Texas processing plants operate two processing lines on a double shift basis with the capacity to process approximately 1
300
000 chickens per week as of October&#160;31
 2020. The Registrant&#8217;s Laurel and Hazlehurst
 Mississippi and Hammond
 Louisiana processing plants operate on a double shift basis with the capacity to process approximately 650
000 chickens per week as of October&#160;31
 2020. At October&#160;31
 2020
 The Company's prepared chicken plant is located in Flowood
 Mississippi and has approximately 85
000 square feet of refrigerated manufacturing and storage space. The plant uses highly automated equipment to prepare
 The Registrant&#8217;s laboratory and corporate offices are located on separate sites in Laurel
 Mississippi. The office buildings house the Company&#8217;s corporate offices
 meeting facilities and computer equipment and constitute the corporate headquarters. As of October&#160;31
 2020
 the Registrant operated 16 automotive maintenance shops
 which service over 1
400 over-the-road and farm vehicles used to support the Registrant's operations. In addition
Registrant has one child care facility located near its Collins
 Mississippi processing plant
 which
 due to the COVID-19 pandemic
 was temporarily closed as of October&#160;31
The Registrant believes that quality control is important to its business and conducts quality control activities throughout all aspects of its operations. The Registrant believes these activities are beneficial to efficient production and in ensuring its customers receive wholesome
The Company's Director of Technical Services supervises the operation of a laboratory in Laurel
 Mississippi which
 among other things
 monitors sanitation at the hatcheries
 quality and purity of the Registrant&#8217;s feed ingredients and feed
 the health of the Registrant&#8217;s breeder and broiler flocks
 and conducts microbiological tests on live chickens
The Registrant&#8217;s facilities and operations are subject to regulation by various federal and state agencies
 including
 but not limited to
 the Federal Food and Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (&#8220;USDA&#8221;)
 the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)
 the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (&#8220;OSHA&#8221;) and corresponding state agencies. The Registrant&#8217;s chicken processing plants are subject to continuous on-site inspection by the USDA. The Registrant's prepared chicken plant operates under the USDA&#8217;s Total Quality Control Program
The Registrant takes extensive precautions to ensure that its flocks are healthy and that its processing plants and other facilities operate in a healthy and environmentally sound manner. Events beyond the control of the Registrant
 however
 such as an outbreak of disease in its flocks or the adoption by governmental agencies of more stringent regulations
The primary methods of competition are price
 product quality
 number of products offered
 brand awareness and customer service. The Registrant has emphasized product quality and brand awareness through its advertising strategy. See &#8220;Business &#8212; Sales and Marketing.&#8221; Although poultry is relatively inexpensive in comparison with other meats
 the Registrant competes indirectly with the producers of other meats and fish
Two customers each accounted for more than 10% of the Registrant&#8217;s consolidated sales for the years ended October&#160;31
 2020
 October 31
 2019
 and October 31
 2018. Sales to the two customers in fiscal 2020 accounted for 14.9% and 12.7%
 respectively
 of the Company's consolidated net sales
 in 2019 accounted for 15.8% and 11.8%
 respectively
 of the Company's consolidated net sales
 and in fiscal 2018 accounted for 14.3% and 10.5%
 respectively
During fiscal 2020
 the Registrant purchased its pullets and cockerels from a single major breeder. The Registrant has found the genetic breeds or cross breeds supplied by this company produce chickens most suitable to the Registrant&#8217;s purposes. The Registrant has no written contracts with this breeder for the supply of breeder stock. Other sources of breeder stock are available
Should breeder stock from its present supplier not be available for any reason
Other major raw materials used by the Registrant include feed grains and other feed ingredients
The Registrant has registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office the trademark Sanderson Farms&#174;
The Registrant
 over the years
 has developed important non-public proprietary information regarding product-related matters. While the Registrant has internal safeguards and procedures to protect the confidentiality of such information
As of October&#160;31
 2020
 the Registrant had 17
445 employees. Of these
 1
980 employees were salaried and 15
465 were hourly. A collective bargaining agreement with the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union (UFCWIU) covers 625 hourly employees at our processing plant in Hammond
 Louisiana and expires on November&#160;30
 2022. A collective bargaining agreement with UFCWIU covers 1
540 production
 maintenance and clean-up employees at our Bryan
 Texas processing facility and expires on December 31
 Our company culture is the cornerstone of all our human capital programs.  We believe our culture
 which is based upon our core value of respect for the inherent dignity
 equality and worth of every human being
 is a key reason for our success.  It is enshrined in our corporate Statement of Philosophy
 first drafted in 1969
 and in our Company Vision
 Statement on Human Rights and Corporate Code of Conduct.  In particular
  The safety
 health and welfare of our employees are paramount to our company.  Our occupational health and safety programs are overseen by our President&#8217;s safety committee
 which meets quarterly to set specific goals for workplace safety and measure attainment of those goals.  Even though we have built more poultry complexes than any other company in the U.S. since 1993 and hired an additional 13
000 employees
 our OSHA injury rates have declined by 67% during that time.  For fiscal year 2019
 we set a goal to reduce our OSHA injury rates by 10% compared to 2018
 and we exceeded that goal
 with rates declining by over 21%.  In fiscal 2020
 our OSHA injury rates declined another 6.3% compared to 2019. Cumulatively for the five years ended October 31
 2020
 we had the fewest OSHA citations per 1
000 employees of any company in our industry having more than 5
We work closely with ergonomists to continuously monitor our employees&#8217; working conditions and implement measures to ensure their wellness.  For example
 we have set our processing line speeds at the lowest rate of any company in our industry to reduce employee stress and injuries.  This also contributes to favorable yields and product quality. We have numerous programs to promote the overall good health and wellness of our workforce.  In response to the coronavirus pandemic
Diversity
We strive to foster a work environment that includes and embraces racial
 ethnic and gender diversity and other individual differences.  As of the end of fiscal year 2020
 48% of our total workforce were women and 87% were minorities. Additionally
 22% of our management team were women and 48% were minorities. During fiscal year 2020
 45% of our new hires were women and 88% of our new hires were minorities. Our management diversity committee
 which was established in 2011
 oversees and strategically plans for diversity and inclusion within our company.  For example
 the committee has expanded our long-standing recruitment program targeted at Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs)
 and in fiscal 2019
 23% of the company&#8217;s summer interns were recruited from HBCUs.  In fiscal 2020
 the committee formed a new steering committee as a grassroots
 action-oriented team to champion positive change.  Additionally
 our board of directors formed a special board committee on DEI
 whose initial task is to engage an independent DEI consultant to perform a top to bottom review of our goals
 strategy
 policies
Recruitment
 The primary way we recruit and retain employees is by ensuring that our compensation and benefits are the most competitive in our industry.  In fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020
 we awarded our hourly workforce across-the-board pay increases that place them at the top of the wage scale in the poultry industry.  Our progressive pay scale begins at $15.45 per hour after the first 90 days of employment.  After one year of employment
 employees participate in our employee stock ownership plan at no cost to them and we match 100% of their contributions to our 401(k) plan for the first 3% of salary contributed and 50% for the next 2% of salary contributed.  We pay 75% of the premium cost of our health insurance plan for employees and their families.  We also have an extensive training program that provides both hourly and management training and other opportunities for professional and personal development and mentorship.  Our training program is a critical part of our focus on employee safety
 operational efficiency
The Company's website is http://www.sandersonfarms.com. The information on our website is not a part of this document. Our annual reports on Form 10-K
 our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 our current reports on Form 8-K
 and all amendments to those reports are available
 free of charge
 through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with the SEC. Our corporate code of conduct
 information concerning corporate governance matters and our corporate responsibility report are also available
 free of charge
In addition to the other information set forth in this report
 you should carefully consider the following factors
 which could materially affect our business
 financial condition or results of operations in future periods. The risks described below are not the only risks facing our Company. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business
The COVID-19 pandemic has had
 and may continue to have
The public health crisis caused by the COVID-19 pandemic and the measures taken by governments
 businesses
 including us
 and the public at large to limit the spread of the disease have had
 and may continue to have
 a negative effect on our business including
 without limitation
We have experienced a decrease in demand and commodity prices for products from our plants that serve food service customers
 restaurants
 and other customers who sell food for consumption away from home. These customers have been significantly negatively affected by stay-at-home restrictions or recommendations
 closings of restaurants
 social distancing requirements and cancellations of major sporting and other events. This negative trend may continue to some degree even though government restrictions are reduced or lifted because restaurants and other venues may be required to operate at reduced capacities and consumers may fear gathering in public places. In addition
 resurgences of COVID-19 infections after restrictions are lifted are causing and could continue to cause governments to impose new or stricter closure
 capacity or social distancing requirements. This could cause consumer demand for food away from home to worsen. While we have experienced increased demand for products from our plants that serve retail grocery store customers
Deteriorating economic and political conditions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic
 such as increased unemployment
 decreases in disposable income and consumer spending
 declines in consumer confidence
 changes in consumer buying patterns
 or economic slowdowns or recessions
 may contribute to lower demand for our products
We have experienced some disruption in our operations due to the pandemic
 including higher than normal absenteeism related to COVID-19 among our hourly employees and inefficiencies from a significant number of new hires. While we have been able to operate despite these disruptions
 a higher level of disruption could materially and adversely affect our operations. For example
 although we are taking measures to protect our employees and prevent the spread of coronavirus in our facilities
 these measures may not be sufficient to prevent an outbreak of infections among our employees. Government restrictions like social distancing regulations or limits on the number of persons who can be present in our facilities could also impair operations. The absence of a significant number of employees to staff our plants could cause a material reduction in our production volumes and could also hurt our ability to make certain products that require more labor to produce. If an outbreak at any of our facilities is severe
 we could even be forced to close the facility
 which in turn would constrain our ability to meet customer orders
We have incurred additional expenses directly related to COVID-19
 which consist primarily of additional wage expense to pay our $1 per hour attendance bonus
 paid time off for employees who are not working for reasons related to COVID-19 and overtime expense to run our plants that produce product for retail grocery store customers on Saturdays to meet increased demand. We have also incurred costs for personal protective equipment
 cleaning
Some meat producers in the United States have experienced significant outbreaks of COVID-19 among their employees
 which has caused some meat processing plants to close.  This has led to public and media criticism of companies and the meat packing industry in general
 including the poultry industry
If the pandemic worsens in countries where we ship our products
 we could face more significant delays than we have experienced to date in the delivery of our product in the export markets due to
 among other things
 additional safety requirements imposed by port authorities
 closures of or congestion at ports
 and other capacity constraints. Additionally
 while we have so far not experienced significant delays in the distribution of our products to our customers within the United States
Declining oil prices
 which have been caused in part by the contraction of commercial activity worldwide due to the pandemic
 have limited and may continue to limit the ability of some of our export customers to purchase our products because their domestic economies depend on oil. Additionally
If the effects of the pandemic continue to cause market prices for our products to fall
 then as further explained below
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic
Actions we have taken or may take
 or decisions we have made or may make
We rely on third-party service providers and business partners
 such as independent contract poultry producers
 cloud data storage and other information technology service providers
 suppliers (particularly suppliers of feed grains)
 distributors
 and other external business partners
 for certain functions or services that support key portions of our operations. These third-party service providers and business partners are subject to risks and uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic
Depending on the duration of the pandemic and market conditions for our products
 we may need to preserve liquidity
The resumption of normal business operations after the disruptions caused by the COVID-19 pandemic may be delayed or constrained by its lingering effects on our customers
 consumers
Governmental authorities in the United States may increase or impose new income taxes or indirect taxes
 or revise interpretations of existing tax rules and regulations
 as a means of financing the costs of stimulus and other measures enacted or taken
 or that may be enacted or taken in the future
 to protect the United States economy from the impact of the pandemic. Such actions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
Any of the negative impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic
 including those described above
 may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows. Any of these negative impacts could exacerbate the other risk factors discussed below. The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will negatively affect our results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain and that we cannot predict
Our operations
 or those of our business partners
 independent contract poultry producers and customers
 and demand for our products could be adversely affected by events outside of our control such as natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 epidemics
 pandemics
 war
We may be affected by natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 epidemics
 pandemics like COVID-19
 war or other events outside of our control. These events may impact our operations directly
 or may disrupt the operations of our business partners
 feed grain and other suppliers
affect our results of operations
 financial condition or cash flows. Fear of such events might also alter consumer confidence
 behavior and spending patterns
 which could decrease demand for protein
Industry volatility can affect our earnings
Profitability in the poultry industry is materially affected by the commodity prices of feed ingredients
 chicken
 and
 to a lesser extent
 alternative proteins. These prices are determined by supply and demand factors
 and supply and demand factors related to feed ingredients and chicken may not correlate. As a result
 the poultry industry is subject to wide fluctuations in profitability. Typically we do well when chicken prices are high and feed prices are low. We are less profitable
 and sometimes have losses
 when chicken prices are low and feed prices are high. For example
 grain prices during 2011 were high
 while prices for chicken products did not increase proportionally
 and the Company recorded a net loss. During 2012 and 2013
 grain prices remained high
 but market prices for chicken also increased
 and the Company was profitable. During fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2015
 grain prices declined while market prices for chicken increased
Various factors that are beyond our control can affect the supply of corn and soybean meal
 our primary feed ingredients. In particular
 global weather patterns
 including adverse weather conditions that may result from climate change
 the global level of supply inventories and demand for feed ingredients
 currency fluctuations and the agricultural and energy policies of the United States and foreign governments all affect the supply and demand of feed ingredients. Weather patterns often change agricultural conditions in an unpredictable manner. A sudden and significant change in weather patterns could affect supplies of feed ingredients
 as well as both the industry&#8217;s and our ability to obtain feed ingredients
 grow chickens or deliver products. Additionally
Increases in the prices of feed ingredients will result in increases in raw material costs and operating costs. Because prices for our products are related to the commodity prices of chickens
 which depend on the supply and demand dynamics of fresh chicken
 we typically are not able to increase our product prices to offset increased grain costs.  Although we periodically enter into contracts to purchase feed ingredients at current prices for future delivery to manage our feed ingredient costs
 this practice does not eliminate the risk of increased operating costs from commodity price increases. In addition
 if we are unsuccessful in our grain buying strategy
It is very difficult to predict how the chicken and grain markets will perform. The exposure of our business to the cyclical nature and volatility of commodities markets for raw materials and poultry could adversely affect our profitability
Prepared chicken and poultry inventories
 and inventories of feed
 eggs
 medication
 packaging supplies and live chickens
 are stated on our balance sheet at the lower of cost (average method) or net realizable value. Our cost of sales is calculated during a period by adding the value of our inventories at the beginning of the period to the cost of growing
 processing and distributing products produced during the period and subtracting the value of our inventories at the end of the period. If the net realizable values of our inventories are below the accumulated cost of those inventories at the end of a period
Any such adjustment we may make in one period effectively absorbs into that period a portion of the costs to grow
 process and distribute chickens that we would have otherwise incurred in the next fiscal period
 thereby benefiting the next period. Any such adjustments that we make in the future could be material
 and could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. The Company recorded a charge of $2.8 million at October 31
 2019 and $9.6 million at October 31
 2018 to reduce the values of live inventories on hand at those dates from cost to net realizable value. The Company recorded no such charge at October 31
A decrease in demand for our products in the export markets could materially and adversely affect our results of operations
Nearly all of our customers are based in the United States
 but we sell some of our product to foreign customers and some to United States based customers who resell the product in the export markets. Approximately 8.5% of our gross sales in fiscal 2020 were to foreign customers or customers based in the United States who resell product in other countries
 including approximately $143.8 million to customers who resell product in Mexico and $79.8 million to customers who resell product in China. Any disruption in the export markets could materially adversely affect our revenues or create an oversupply of poultry in the United States
 which would cause domestic poultry prices to decline. Disruptions could include
trade embargoes
 tariffs
 import bans
 duties
adverse political
Any of these conditions could materially and adversely affect our revenues
 results of operations
For example
 the outbreak of African swine fever in China in 2019 affected the worldwide supply of pork. In November 2019
 China lifted its nearly five-year ban on the import of United States poultry
 and we resumed shipments almost immediately. The deficit of protein available to consumers in China as a result of African swine fever in that country had been widely expected to create additional demand for protein produced in the United States. However
The market price of our common stock could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to factors such as the following
market volatility and fluctuations in the price of feed grains and chicken products
quarterly variations in our operating results
changes in investor perceptions of the poultry industry in general
In addition
 purchases or sales of large quantities of our stock
 or significant short positions in our stock
Inclement weather
 such as excessive heat or storms
 or other natural disasters
Extreme weather in the areas where we operate or where our feed grains are grown
 such as extreme temperatures
 drought
 hurricanes or other storms
 or other natural disasters
 could increase our costs
 impair the health or growth of our flocks or interfere with our hatching
 production or shipping operations. For example
 historic drought conditions in the Midwestern United States in 2012 had a significant adverse effect on the supply and price of feed grains in fiscal 2012 and the first three quarters of 2013. Scientists believe that climate change could increase the frequency and severity of adverse weather events. Extreme weather
 regardless of its cause
 or other adverse events
 could affect our business by causing
shortages or high prices of corn
damage or destruction of live
 raw material
Any of these factors could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. We may not be able to recover through insurance all of the damages
 losses or costs that may result from such adverse events
Outbreaks of avian disease
 such as avian influenza
 or the perception that outbreaks may occur
Events beyond our control
 such as the outbreak of avian disease or the perception that an outbreak may occur
 even if it does not affect our flocks
 could significantly restrict our ability to conduct our operations or our sales. An outbreak of disease could result in governmental restrictions on the import and export of fresh and frozen chicken
 including our fresh and frozen chicken products
 or other products to or from our suppliers
 facilities or customers
 or require us to destroy one or more of our flocks. This could result in the cancellation of orders by our customers and create adverse publicity that may have a material adverse effect on our business
 reputation and prospects. In addition
 world-wide fears about avian disease
 such as avian influenza
 have
 in the past
 depressed demand for fresh chicken
In past years there has been substantial publicity regarding a highly pathogenic Asian strain of avian influenza
 or AI
 known as H5N1
 which has affected Asia since 2002 and which has been found in Europe
 the Middle East and Africa. It is widely believed that this strain of AI is spread by migratory birds
Although the Asian strains of AI described above have not been identified in North America
 there have been outbreaks of both low and high pathogenic strains of non-Asian avian influenza in recent years in North America
Until 2015
 the outbreaks in North America had not generated the same level of concern
 or received the same level of publicity
 or been accompanied by the same reduction in demand for poultry products in certain countries
 as that associated with the Asian strains. Beginning in January 2015
 however
 the United States experienced what some industry observers believe was the worst avian influenza outbreak in United States history. According to the United States Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service (APHIS)
 approximately 7.8 million turkeys and 40.3 million chickens were affected in the United States by this avian influenza outbreak
 and the last reported case was in June 2015. The affected chickens were almost all hens that lay eggs for the table egg industry
We have a high degree of confidence in our industry&#8217;s biosecurity program
 but we cannot be certain our flocks or others in our industry will not be affected by AI. Given our high degree of confidence in our biosecurity programs
 we believe the primary risks associated with domestic outbreaks of avian influenza are market risks
All AI related bans that were imposed following the 2015 outbreak in the United States have been lifted
 the last of which was lifted by China on November 14
 2019. While these bans were in place
 the market price for leg quarters fell significantly below historical averages. For more information on the impact of this outbreak on exports
While domestic demand for broiler meat was not materially affected by the 2015 outbreak
 we cannot assure you that further spread of AI or the outbreak of the Asian strains of AI either in other countries or in the United States will not materially adversely affect both domestic and international demand for poultry products produced in the United States. Because the virus is carried by migratory water fowl
 it is possible the virus could be spread to domestic poultry flocks during any seasonal migration of those water fowl. If AI were to affect a significant number of our flocks
 or materially reduce domestic demand for our products
 either or both of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business
We depend on accurate and timely information and numerical data from key software applications to aid our day-to-day business
 financial reporting and decision-making and
 in many cases
 proprietary and custom-designed software is necessary to operate equipment in our feed mills
 hatcheries and processing plants. In our day-to-day business
 we depend on information technology for
 among other things
 electronic communications between our facilities
 personnel
 customers and suppliers
We have put in place disaster recovery plans for our critical systems. However
 any disruption caused by the failure of these systems
 the underlying equipment
 or communication networks could delay or otherwise adversely impact our day-to-day business and decision making
 could make it impossible for us to operate critical equipment
 and could have a materially adverse effect on our performance
 if our disaster recovery plans do not mitigate the disruption. Disruptions could be caused by a variety of factors
 such as catastrophic events or weather
 natural disasters
 power or telecommunications outages
 viruses
 terrorist attacks
 or unauthorized access or cyber-attacks on our systems by outside parties. In addition
 a breach of our cyber-security measures could result in the loss
 destruction or theft of confidential or proprietary data or other consequences
 and could expose us to material losses or liability to third parties.  Similar risks exist with respect to third parties who may possess our confidential data
 such as our IT support providers
 third party benefit and other administrators
 professional advisors and consultants
Cyber-attacks and other cyber incidents are occurring more frequently
We depend on the availability of
 and good relations with
We have approximately 17
445 employees
 approximately 2
165 of which are covered by collective bargaining agreements. In addition
 we contract with approximately 1
054 independent contract poultry producers in Mississippi
 Texas
 North Carolina and Georgia for the grow-out of our breeder and broiler stock and the production of broiler eggs. Our operations depend on the availability of labor and contract growers and maintaining good relations with these persons and with labor unions. If we fail to maintain good relations with our employees or with the unions
 we may experience labor strikes or work stoppages. If we do not attract and maintain contracts with our growers
 including new growers for our new poultry complexes
We depend substantially on the leadership of a small number of executive officers and other key employees. We have employment agreements with only three of these persons (our Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; our President and Chief Operating Officer; and our Treasurer
 Chief Financial Officer
 and Chief Legal Officer)
 and those with whom we have no agreement would not be bound by non-competition agreements or non-solicitation agreements if they were to leave us. The loss of the services of these persons could deplete our institutional knowledge and could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. In addition
 we may not be able to attract
 retain and train the new management personnel we need for our new complexes
Our sales to our top ten customers represented approximately 52.0% of our net sales during fiscal 2020. Our contracts with our customers provide pricing structures
 but do not require customers to purchase any specific quantity of product. Therefore
 our customers could significantly reduce or cease their purchases from us with little or no advance notice
We must identify changing consumer preferences
 trends and purchasing behaviors
Our success depends
 in part
 on our ability to offer products that appeal to our customers and to respond to evolving consumer preferences
 trends and purchasing behaviors.  Consumer behavior is influenced by factors such as
Consumers are sometimes influenced by negative publicity about food production
 including stories that are inaccurate or misleading. The expanding role of social and digital media has increased the speed and extent to which people can share information (whether or not accurate) and opinions about our products.  If we do not identify and react timely to negative publicity
 or inaccurate or misleading stories
 we may experience reduced demand and pricing for our products. Prolonged negative perceptions about our products
 our brand or our Company
 or a loss of confidence by consumers in our products
 could materially and adversely affect our reputation
 sales
We may also introduce new products and improved products from time to time to satisfy evolving consumer preferences
 trends and purchasing behaviors
 and may incur significant development and marketing costs in doing so. If our products fail to meet evolving consumer preferences
 trends and purchasing behaviors
 then these products and our marketing strategy will be less successful. Additionally
 because we produce only chicken products
We have devoted significant resources to marketing and public relations programs that inform consumers about the safety and quality of our products and our production practices
 including our use of antibiotics in raising live chickens. However
 we are subject to legal and regulatory restrictions on the marketing and labeling of our products
 which may hamper our marketing efforts. We must also keep pace with a rapidly changing media environment and advertising and marketing channels. If our marketing and public relations efforts are not effective
 if consumers believe we have acted irresponsibly
 or we are not successful in developing and marketing new products
 then our competitive position
 reputation and market share may suffer. This
 in turn
 could lead to lower sales and profits
In general
Competitive factors vary by major customer markets. Some of our competitors have greater financial and marketing resources than we have. In the food service market
 competition is based on consistent quality
 product development
 customer service and price. In the U.S. retail grocery market
 we believe that competition is based on product quality
 brand awareness
We would be adversely affected if we expand our business by acquiring other businesses or by building new facilities
identifying and training key managers and employees to run the new business or facility
implementing and maintaining consistent standards
 controls
Successful expansion depends on our ability to timely integrate the acquired business or efficiently operate the new facility
 to devote significant management attention to the project and its integration in our business
 and to manage a larger overall company efficiently.  If we are unable to do this
 expansion could adversely affect our operations
 financial results and prospects
 and we might not realize the cost savings and synergies we expected from the expansion.  Additionally
For any new facility that we build
 our ability to complete construction on a timely basis and within budget is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties described below. In addition
 when a new facility becomes operational
In order to complete construction of a new facility
 we need to take a significant number of steps and obtain a number of approvals and permits
 none of which we can assure you will be obtained. For example
 for each new fresh and frozen chicken complex
If we are unable to complete construction on schedule
 attract independent contract poultry producers
 find customers for the additional product produced by the new facility
 run the facility efficiently
 or otherwise achieve the expected benefits of our new facilities
Immigration reform continues to attract significant attention in the public arena and the United States Congress. If new immigration legislation is enacted at the federal level or in states in which we do business
 such legislation may contain provisions that could make it more difficult or costly for us to hire United States citizens and/or legal immigrant workers. In such case
 we may incur additional costs to run our business or may have to change the way we conduct our operations
 either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 operating results and financial condition. Also
 despite our past and continuing efforts to hire only United States citizens and/or persons legally authorized to work in the United States
 increased enforcement efforts with respect to existing immigration laws by governmental authorities may disrupt a portion of our workforce or our operations at one or more of our facilities
If our poultry products become contaminated
Poultry products may contain disease-producing organisms
 or pathogens
 such as Listeria monocytogenes
 Salmonella and generic E. coli. These pathogens are generally found in the environment and
 as a result
 there is a risk that they could be present in our processed poultry products as a result of food processing. In addition
 it is possible foreign material such as metal
 plastic or other material used in our processing plants could contaminate product during processing. Pathogens or foreign material can also be introduced as a result of improper handling by our customers
 consumers or third parties after we have shipped the products. We control these risks through careful processing and testing of our finished product
 but we cannot entirely eliminate them. We have little
 if any
 control over proper handling once the product has been shipped. Nevertheless
 contamination that results from improper handling by our customers
 consumers or third parties
with our products by those persons
 may be blamed on us. Any publicity regarding product contamination or resulting illness or death
 even if we did not cause the contamination
 could lead to increased scrutiny by regulators and could have a material adverse effect on our business
If our products are contaminated or damaged
 we could also be required to recall our products or close our plants
 and product liability claims could be asserted against us.  A widespread product recall could be costly and could cause significant losses
 the destruction of product inventory
 lost sales or customers due to the unavailability of product
 adverse publicity
 damage to our reputation
We are exposed to risks relating to product liability
 product recalls
 property damage and injuries to persons
 for which insurance coverage is expensive
Our business operations entail a number of risks
 including risks relating to product liability claims
 product recalls
 property damage and injuries to persons. The insurance we maintain with respect to certain of these risks
 including product liability and recall insurance
 property insurance
 workers compensation insurance and general liability insurance
The poultry industry is subject to federal
 state
 local and foreign governmental regulation relating to production of food animals and the processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising
 labeling
 quality and safety of food products. We are also subject to laws and regulations affecting businesses and public companies generally
 including domestic and foreign regulations that affect our export activity
 such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.  Unknown matters
 new laws and regulations
 or stricter interpretations of existing laws or regulations may materially affect or restrict our business and operations or increase our costs in the future. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to administrative
 civil and criminal penalties
 including fines
 injunctions and recalls of our products. Our loss or failure to obtain necessary permits and registrations could delay or prevent us from meeting customer demand
 introducing new products
Our operations are also subject to extensive regulations administered by the Environmental Protection Agency
 which
 among other things
 pertain to the discharge of materials into the environment and the handling and disposition of wastes. Failure to comply with these regulations can have serious consequences
In addition to the risk of regulatory enforcement actions
 we are subject to risk of private legal claims arising out of our or our employees' failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations
 including claims such as those described in Part II, Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies of this report. Trends in litigation may include class actions by consumers
 shareholders
 employees or injured persons
 and claims relating to commercial
 labor
 employment
 antitrust
Although we believe we have implemented strict compliance programs and policies
 along with effective internal controls to guard against intentional and unintentional violations of law by our personnel
 contractors and agents
 we cannot assure you that such persons will not violate our policies or the law
 or be alleged to have done so. Our failure to maintain effective control processes or to strictly enforce our policies may prevent us from detecting and preventing violations of law.  Defending regulatory enforcement actions and private litigation may be costly
 and any adverse outcomes of actions or litigation against us could materially and adversely affect our reputation
We are
 and in the future may become
 involved in legal proceedings related to our alleged violations of antitrust
 securities fraud
 and unfair competition and false advertising laws and
 as a result
We are involved in the legal proceedings that are described in detail in Part II, Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies. In general
allegations that we and other poultry producers conspired to fix the price of broiler chickens in violation of state and federal antitrust laws
 federal and state RICO laws
allegations that we are violating California unfair competition and false advertising laws by
 among other things
Additionally
 we are complying with a grand jury subpoena from the United States Department of Justice
 Antitrust Division
 and a civil investigative demand from the Attorney General of the State of Washington
 in each case related to the antitrust litigation mentioned above
An adverse resolution of any proceedings related to the matters summarized above and described in more detail in Part II, Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies could subject us to significant monetary damages and other penalties
 which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
 financial condition
For additional information regarding the nature and status of these and other material legal proceedings
weak or volatile national or global economic conditions
Our business could be negatively affected if efforts and initiatives of the governments of the United States and other countries to manage and stimulate the economy fail or result in worsening economic conditions. Deteriorating economic conditions could negatively affect consumer demand for protein generally or our products specifically
 consumers&#8217; ability to afford our products
 consumer habits with respect to how they spend their food dollars
Disruptions in credit and other financial markets caused by deteriorating or weak national and international economic conditions could
make it more difficult for us
impair the financial condition of our customers
impair the financial condition of our insurers
We occasionally receive shareholder proposals and voting recommendations from proxy advisory firms requesting changes to our business operations. Additionally
 we are occasionally the target of media campaigns requesting changes to our business operations.  Responding to such proposals and campaigns is costly and time-consuming
 and may divert the attention of our Board of Directors and senior management from the pursuit of our current business strategies. Additionally
 implementing any changes in response could have the effect of increasing our operating costs
 and result in capital expenditures to modify our facilities. We cannot assure you that we would be able to pass any such costs onto our customers. Accordingly
 such activism could adversely affect our profitability
Anti-takeover provisions in our charter and by-laws
 as well as certain provisions of Mississippi law
Our articles of incorporation and by-laws contain provisions that may discourage attempts to acquire control of our company without the approval of our board of directors. These provisions
 among others
 include a classified board of directors
 advance notification requirements for stockholders to nominate persons for election to the board and to make stockholder proposals
 and special stockholder voting requirements. These measures
 and any others we may adopt in the future
 as well as applicable provisions of Mississippi law
 may discourage offers to acquire us and may permit our board of directors to choose not to entertain offers to purchase us
 even offers that are at a substantial premium to the market price of our stock. Our stockholders may therefore be deprived of opportunities to profit from a sale of control of our company
 and as a result
Location (City
Poultry processing plant
Laurel
Poultry processing plant
McComb
Poultry processing plant
Hazlehurst and Gallman
Poultry processing plant
Bryan and Robertson Counties
Poultry processing plant
Moultrie and Adel
Poultry processing plant
Kinston and Lenoir County
Poultry processing plant
Palestine and Freestone County
Poultry processing plant
Smith County
 Lindale and Mineola
Waco
Lumberton and St. Pauls
Hammond
Poultry processing plant
 hatchery
Collins
Flowood
Laurel
There are no material encumbrances on the major operating facilities owned by the Registrant
 except that
 under the terms of the Company&#8217;s revolving credit agreement
Management believes that the Company&#8217;s facilities are suitable for its current purposes
For information regarding our legal proceedings
Joe F. Sanderson
President and Chief Operating Officer
Treasurer
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer
Joe F. Sanderson
 Jr. has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Registrant since November&#160;1
 1989
 and as Chairman of the Board since January&#160;8
 1998. Mr.&#160;Sanderson served as President from November&#160;1
 1989
 to October&#160;21
 2004. From January 1984 to November 1989
 Mr.&#160;Sanderson served as Vice-President
Lampkin Butts was elected President and Chief Operating Officer of the Registrant effective October&#160;21
 2004. From November&#160;1
 1996
 to October&#160;21
 2004
 Mr.&#160;Butts served as Vice President &#8212; Sales and was elected to the Board of Directors on February&#160;19
 1998. Prior to that time
Mike Cockrell became Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Registrant effective November&#160;1
 1993
 and was elected to the Board of Directors on February&#160;19
 1998. Prior to that time
 for more than five years
 Mr.&#160;Cockrell was a member and shareholder of the Jackson
 Mississippi law firm of Wise Carter Child&#160;&amp; Caraway
Tim Rigney became Secretary of the Registrant effective November&#160;1
 2012. Mr.&#160;Rigney also began service as Chief Accounting Officer on that date. Prior to that time
The Company entered into employment agreements with Messrs. Sanderson
 Butts and Cockrell dated as of September&#160;15
 2009. Each of these agreements was amended and restated on November 1
 2015. The term of the agreements ends when the officers' employment terminates under the provisions of the agreement. The agreements provide for severance payments to be paid to the officers if their employment is terminated in certain circumstances
Item 5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Market for the Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
The number of stockholders of record as of December&#160;10
 2020
 was 2
 The number of beneficial owners of our stock is greater than the number of holders of record
The amount of future common stock dividends will depend on our earnings
 financial condition
 capital requirements
 the effect a dividend would have on the Company's compliance with financial covenants and other factors
During its fourth fiscal quarter
Aug. 1 - Aug. 31
2
000
Sep. 1 - Sep. 30
2
000
Oct. 1 - Oct. 31
3
3
2
000
4
4
2
000
All purchases were made pursuant to the Company's Stock Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated on February 13
 2020
On October 22
 2020
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors expanded and extended the share repurchase program originally approved on October 22
 2009
 under which the Company was originally authorized to purchase up to one million shares of its common stock and is now authorized to purchase up to two million shares of its common stock in open market transactions or negotiated purchases
 subject to market conditions
 share price and other considerations. The authorization will expire on October 22
Year Ended October&#160;31
(In thousands
3
564
3
440
3
236
3
342
2
816
(11
67
29
425
294
28
53
61
279
188
354
365
367
650
465
1
849
1
774
1
659
1
733
1
422
Long-term debt
25
55
1
419
1
417
1
387
1
432
1
190
This Annual Report
 and other periodic reports filed by the Company under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the Exchange Act)
 and other written or oral statements made by it or on its behalf
 may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Safe Harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended
 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. These forward-looking statements are based on a number of assumptions about future events and are subject to various risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from the views
 beliefs and estimates expressed in such statements. These risks
 uncertainties and other factors include
 but are not limited to
 the risks described in the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report
Changes in the market price for the Company&#8217;s finished products and feed grains
Changes in economic and business conditions
 monetary and fiscal policies or the amount of growth
 stagnation or recession in the global or U.S. economies
 any of which may affect the value of inventories
 the collectability of accounts receivable or the financial integrity of customers
Changes in the political or economic climate
 trade policies
 laws and regulations or the domestic poultry industry of countries to which the Company or other companies in the poultry industry ship product
Changes in laws
 regulations
 and other activities in government agencies and similar organizations applicable to the Company and the poultry industry and changes in laws
Various inventory risks due to changes in market conditions
 including
 but not limited to
 the risk that net realizable values of live and processed poultry inventories might be lower than the cost of such inventories
Changes in and effects of competition
 which is significant in all markets in which the Company competes
 and the effectiveness of marketing and advertising programs. The Company competes with regional and national firms
Disease outbreaks affecting the production
 performance and/or marketability of the Company&#8217;s poultry products
Inclement weather that could hurt Company flocks or otherwise adversely affect the Company's operations
Unfavorable results from currently pending litigation and proceedings
Changes resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic
 which could exacerbate any of the risks described above
 and could include: high absentee rates that have prevented and may continue to prevent the Company from running some of its facilities at full capacity
 or could in the future cause facility closures; an inability of contract poultry producers to manage their flocks; supply chain disruptions for feed grains; further changes in customer orders due to shifting consumer patterns; disruptions in logistics and the distribution chain for the Company's products; liquidity challenges; and a continued or worsening decline in global commercial activity
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Sanderson Farms. Each such statement speaks only as of the day it was made. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or to revise any forward-looking statements. The factors described above cannot be controlled by the Company. When used in this annual report
 the words &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;estimates
&#8221; &#8220;plans
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;outlook
&#8221; and &#8220;anticipates&#8221; and similar expressions as they relate to the Company or its management are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include statements about management's beliefs about future growth plans
 future earnings
 production levels
 capital expenditures
 grain prices
 global economic conditions
The Company&#8217;s poultry operations are fully
 vertically-integrated through its control of all functions relative to the production of its chicken products
 including hatching egg production
 hatching
 feed manufacturing
 raising chickens to marketable age (&#8220;grow-out&#8221;)
 processing and marketing. Consistent with the poultry industry
 the Company&#8217;s profitability is substantially affected by the market price for its finished products and feed grains
 both of which may fluctuate substantially and independent of each other
 and exhibit cyclical characteristics typically associated with commodity markets. Other costs
 excluding feed grains
 related to the profitability of the Company&#8217;s poultry operations
 including hatching egg production
 hatching
 growing
 and processing cost
 are responsive to efficient cost containment programs and management practices. Over the past three fiscal years
The Company believes that value-added products are subject to less price volatility and generate higher
 more consistent profit margin than whole chickens ice-packed and shipped in bulk form. To reduce its exposure to market cycles that have historically characterized commodity chicken market prices
 the Company has increasingly concentrated on the production and marketing of value-added product lines with emphasis on product quality
 customer service
 and brand recognition. However
 the Company cannot eliminate its exposure to fluctuations in commodity market prices for chicken since market prices for value-added products also exhibit cycles. The Company adds value to its poultry products by performing one or more processing steps beyond the stage where the whole chicken is first salable as a finished product
 such as cutting
 deboning
 deep chilling
The Company&#8217;s prepared chicken product line includes approximately 60 institutional and consumer-packaged chicken items that it sells nationally
In the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 the Company began initial operations at its new poultry processing complex in and around Tyler
 Texas. The completed complex consists of a hatchery
 feed mill
 processing plant and waste water treatment facility
 with the capacity to process 1.3 million chickens per week. The facility steadily increased production throughout fiscal 2019 and 2020 and is currently operating at near-full capacity. During fiscal 2020
 the Tyler processing plant processed approximately 376.3 million pounds of dressed poultry meat
The Company recently announced the planned reduction of the target live weight for birds at our Hazlehurst
 Mississippi plant from a big bird size to a chill-pack retail size for the purpose of meeting shifting demand needs
 primarily as a result of the coronavirus pandemic and its effects on consumer patterns. On approximately November 23
 2020
 the live birds processed at the Hazlehurst
During the second quarter of fiscal 2020
 the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a pandemic. The effects of the pandemic and the related governmental actions to contain the spread of the novel coronavirus have materially affected our business
 including our labor force
 revenues
 expenses
 production levels
 and senior management's time
In late February 2020
 we formed a COVID-19 response team of senior managers
 including our CEO
 President and CFO
 to coordinate our Company's response to the pandemic and manage and mitigate related risks. From late February to late September
 the team met twice daily to discuss COVID-19 developments affecting our business and the communities in which we operate. Beginning in late September
 the team began meeting once daily
 rather than twice. Additionally
 our Board of Directors has actively overseen our management of the crisis. Between March 13
 2020 and early June
 the Board met weekly to receive updates and discuss our response to the pandemic with our executive leadership. In early June
 the Board began meeting generally every two weeks
 or more frequently if circumstances warranted
 and in August
 the Board began meeting on an as needed basis. Throughout the pandemic
 regardless of meeting frequency
Our top priority throughout the crisis has been protecting the health
 safety and welfare of our employees. In consultation with infectious disease specialists and epidemiologists
 including an infectious disease expert who toured our facilities
 we have taken a number of steps to promote health and safety in our operations. We also frequently communicate with state and local officials and health departments regarding our practices. Some of our practices are more stringent than those recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Our practices include
We implemented strict personal and work-related travel and public gathering restrictions for all of our employees
At each of our processing plants
 we set up on-site medical clinics
 which are staffed by third-party medical providers. At these clinics
 services including telemedicine visits
Employees who test positive for COVID-19
 those who live in the same household as someone who has tested positive
 and those who work in close proximity to an employee who has tested positive are sent home to self-quarantine with pay. The specific quarantine period varies based on individual circumstances and generally ranges from a minimum of 10 days
 with clearance from a doctor
 for an employee who tests positive
We continuously look for commonalities among our employees who test positive
 including geographic concentrations in their places of residence
We sent home for 14 days
 with pay
 approximately 400 employees who work in our Moultrie
We are providing and requiring employees
 United States Department of Agriculture inspectors and essential visitors to wear face masks and face shields. Anyone on the premises of our processing plants
 feed mills
 hatcheries and vehicle maintenance shops is required to wear this equipment. Where an employee's job function does not permit him or her to wear a face shield
facilities where space allows
 we have implemented social distancing measures
 and in areas where equipment configurations allow
 we have installed physical barriers between work stations. In areas where social distancing or the installation of physical barriers is not achievable
 the use of face shields is mandatory. Additionally
Our nurses have N95 respirator masks
 gowns
A third-party sanitation service provider performs an antiviral sanitation process at each of our facilities at least weekly
Salaried employees who are considered to be at high risk for severe illness from COVID-19 are permitted to work from home
In November 2020
 we adopted a practice to send home for two weeks
 with pay
 employees ages 65 or older who work at Company locations at which the number of positive coronavirus cases as a percentage of total employees at that location reaches a certain threshold. This has been triggered at only one location since the practice was adopted
We have closed our Company-owned childcare facility in Collins
In certain of our facilities that are located in communities that experienced high infection rates
 we cooperated with local health authorities or determined on our own to test all our employees at the facility for coronavirus. Employees who tested positive were sent home with pay for the periods described above. To date
 we have performed five facility-wide tests resulting in positivity rates per employee tested of 3.3%
 0.5%
 5.8%
During the COVID-19 pandemic
 we have also provided assistance to our employees including
 but not limited to
As a food producer
 we have been designated by the federal government as part of the United States' critical infrastructure with a special responsibility to continue operations. Therefore
 from late-March 2020 through mid-September 2020
We provided detailed guidance to our employees on the steps to take to ensure timely receipt of the stimulus payment provided under the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
We have distributed written materials to our employees in all languages appropriate for our employee population to inform them about COVID-19 risks and encourage good personal hygiene
In appreciation for our employees' dedication and hard work in supporting the nation's food supply
 we gave ten pounds of fresh chicken to each hourly employee who worked on Good Friday
 ten pounds of fresh chicken to each hourly and salaried employee who worked on the Friday before Mother's Day
 ten pounds of fresh chicken to each hourly and salaried employee who worked on the Friday before Father's Day
 ten pounds of fresh chicken to each hourly and salaried employee who worked on the Friday before Labor Day
Because demand for the products we produce at our prepared chicken facility significantly decreased during the early stages of the pandemic
On Friday
 September 4
 2020
 we gave each employee a washable
 reusable mask screen-printed with the slogan Hero at Work. Employees were also able to take additional washable
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic
 most of the nation's restaurants have been forced to operate at significantly reduced capacity or to close completely. As a result
 our retail grocery store customers experienced a surge in demand for food to be prepared at home. Because of the significant decrease in demand from our food service customers
 during the second quarter we were able to divert approximately 4.3 million head of chickens from our big bird program to be processed at our plants that serve retail grocery store customers. To accomplish this
 we increased the number of shifts at our plants that process retail product
Since the beginning of the pandemic
 we have donated over 1.2 million pounds of chicken to employees
Since the beginning of the pandemic
 we have donated 23
740 N95 and KN95 masks
 approximately 20
000 disposable masks and approximately 250 washable
On March 27
 2020
 the CARES Act was enacted. The CARES Act affects the Company in several areas including
 but not limited to
It allows for the deferral of the employer portion of social security payroll tax payments that would have otherwise been paid between the enactment date and December 31
 2020. We are using this provision to increase our available liquidity. As of October 31
 2020
 we have deferred approximately $20.7 million that would have been a cash outflow in the absence of the CARES Act
 and we currently estimate this provision will result in a total of approximately $26 million of payroll tax payments being deferred
 with 50% due during calendar year 2021 and 50% due during calendar year 2022. We intend to remit approximately $20.7 million of the deferred payroll taxes on or before June 15
 2021 and the remaining $5.3 million on or before June 15
 2022
 so that we are able to deduct the corresponding payroll tax expenses on our fiscal 2020 and 2021 income tax returns
The Employee Retention Credit
 a refundable
 wage-related tax credit
 was made available to eligible employers. We recognized a $3.5 million benefit
 before income taxes
The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act enacted in December 2017 disallowed the carrying back of taxable net operating losses to offset prior years' taxable income. The CARES Act allows us to carry those losses back to offset taxable income recognized during prior years. We elected to use that provision
 which provided additional liquidity in the form of an income tax refund of approximately $84.4 million
 which we received during our third quarter of fiscal 2020 and subsequently used to reduce the amount of outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility. Additionally
 during fiscal 2020 we recorded a net discrete income tax benefit of approximately $39.1 million related to the carry-back provisions of the CARES Act. For more information regarding the income tax effects of the CARES Act
For fiscal 2020
 we reported net income of $28.3 million
 or $1.27 per share
 as compared to net income of $53.3 million
 or $2.41 per share
Orders from food service customers declined dramatically during the second quarter of fiscal 2020 due to widespread closures or significant reductions in operating capacity of restaurants and other venues where food is consumed away from home. During our third and fourth quarters
customers fluctuated from week to week
 coinciding with the fluctuating governmental restrictions placed on the restaurant industry. The average weekly volume sold to our largest food service customers during the second half of fiscal 2020 ranged from approximately 68% to 97% of levels seen before the pandemic. The impact of fluctuating demand is evidenced by the Urner Barry quote for jumbo boneless breast meat. In mid-May
 the quoted price reached $1.58 per pound before falling to $0.97 per pound in mid-June and recovering to $1.19 per pound by August 5
 2020. The quoted price fell to $0.86 per pound by October 5
 2020 and has now recovered to $0.96 per pound as of December 16
The Company announced during its second fiscal quarter that
 in response to reduced demand from food service customers caused by the COVID-19 pandemic
 it would reduce production at plants processing a larger bird for food service customers. The Company processed 4.8 billion pounds of dressed poultry during fiscal 2020
 up 4.9% from the 4.6 billion pounds processed during fiscal 2019. The increase reflects additional production at the Company's new Tyler
 Texas facility
 partially offset by the COVID-19 production cuts. The 4.8 billion pounds processed during fiscal 2020 is approximately 122.9 million
 or 2.5%
The demand shift to food prepared at home caused demand from our retail grocery store customers to surge during the early stages of the pandemic
Demand for our products from our traditional export partners was soft following the onset of the pandemic. Many countries to which we export our products faced myriad issues ranging from lack of liquidity to logistical challenges as a result of COVID-19. These challenges created volatility in most export markets
 although demand and pricing for chicken paws sold to China remained strong. Demand from China for chicken product other than paws was strong during our second quarter of fiscal 2020 due in part to the country's protein deficit caused by African swine fever; however
 China now has ample supplies of chicken products stored in freezers
Our top priority throughout the crisis has been protecting the health
 safety and welfare of our employees. As a result
 fiscal 2020 includes approximately $36.4 million in direct COVID-19 costs for payroll expenses for employees who were quarantined
 payroll expenses for attendance bonuses paid to hourly employees
 and items and services related to workplace safety
 including personal protective equipment
 thermometers
 barriers and other social-distancing measures
 professional cleaning
 on-site medical clinics
 and additional nursing staff
As discussed above
 the CARES Act
 which was enacted in March as a result of the pandemic
 provided additional liquidity for the Company in the form of an income tax refund of approximately $84.4 million
 which we received during our third quarter of fiscal 2020 and subsequently used to reduce the amount of outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility. Additionally
Our higher average cost of goods sold during fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 reflects a 5.8% increase in non-feed related costs
 details of which are described in the Results of Operations - 2020 section below
 partially offset by a 3.4% decrease in feed costs per pound of chicken processed. When combined
 the average cash prices paid by the Company for corn and soybean meal were lower during fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019
 which resulted in the lower feed costs per pound of chicken processed. Unfavorable growing conditions and weather events in certain areas of the United States during the late summer and fall of 2020 caused the USDA to lower its estimate of corn and soybean production in the United States. As a result
 current quoted market prices for feed grains are significantly higher than prices paid by the Company during fiscal 2020. The Company has priced approximately one week's supply of its January 2021 soybean meal needs
 but has not priced any other grain needs past December 31
 2020. Had we priced our remaining fiscal 2021 needs at December 16
 2020 cash market prices quoted on the Chicago Board of Trade
The outbreak of African swine fever in China in 2019 reduced the worldwide supply of pork
 which was expected to create a worldwide protein deficit. However
 the COVID-19 pandemic has reduced demand for protein around the world. In November 2019
 during our first quarter of fiscal 2020
 China lifted its nearly five-year ban on the import of United States poultry
 and we resumed shipments to China almost immediately. During fiscal 2020
 we sold approximately 50.7 million pounds of chicken paws to customers who resold the product in China. When the ban was in place
Looking ahead to fiscal 2021
 it currently appears that our overall cost structure will be higher than in fiscal 2020
 primarily because of higher grain prices. We believe that demand for our products from retail grocery store customers will continue to be strong as consumers continue to prepare more food at home than prior to the pandemic. We believe this trend will continue to some extent because we expect
some restaurants will remain closed
While demand for our retail grocery products is currently favorable and demand from our food service customers remains volatile
 it is uncertain how long these conditions will persist. How long current conditions will last and the future effect of the pandemic on our business will depend on many factors
the duration of the current resurgences in COVID-19 infections
 which makes people fearful of dining out and has caused state
 local and foreign governments to reimpose stay-at-home restrictions
the ability of restaurants to survive financially in depressed business conditions
whether other venues where people eat food away from home
 such as sporting events and hotels
with respect to our export sales
 the condition of the oil market
 the relative strength of foreign currencies versus the U.S. dollar and political uncertainty that could affect trade relations with other countries
the effect of the pandemic on our operations
Net sales for fiscal 2020 were $3
564.3 million as compared to $3
440.3 million for fiscal 2019
 an increase of $124.0 million or 3.6%. Net sales of poultry products for fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 were $3
378.6 million and $3
198.2 million
 respectively
 an increase of $180.4 million or 5.6%. The increase in net sales of poultry products resulted from a 6.0% increase in the pounds of poultry products sold
 partially offset by a 0.4% decrease in the average sales price of poultry products sold. During fiscal 2020
 the Company sold 4
805.3 million pounds of poultry products
 up from 4
531.6 million pounds during fiscal 2019. The additional pounds of poultry products sold primarily resulted from a 5.4% increase in the number of chickens sold
 partially offset by a decrease in average bird weights of 0.9%. The new Tyler
 Texas processing facility
 which began initial operations during the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 processed approximately 60.5 million head during fiscal 2020
 or approximately 9.2% of the total head processed by the Company during the period
 and sold approximately 388.0 million pounds of poultry products during fiscal 2020
pounds sold by the Company during the period. By comparison
 the Tyler
 Texas processing facility processed approximately 22.3 million head during fiscal 2019
 or approximately 3.6% of the total head processed by the Company during the period
 and sold approximately 147.9 million pounds of poultry products during fiscal 2019
Overall
 market prices for poultry products decreased during fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. Urner Barry average market prices for bulk leg quarters
 boneless thigh meat
 tenders
 jumbo wings and boneless breast meat decreased during fiscal 2020 compared to fiscal 2019 by 20.6%
 19.3%
 14.9%
 6.6% and 4.3%
 respectively. The Company's average realized prices for chicken products sold to retail grocery store customers
 when factoring in both price and improved product mix
Net sales of prepared chicken products during fiscal 2020 and 2019 were $185.6 million and $242.1 million
 respectively
 a decrease of 23.3%
 resulting from a 24.0% decrease in the pounds of prepared chicken products sold
 partially offset by a 0.9% increase in the average sales price of prepared chicken products sold. During fiscal 2020
 the Company sold 98.8 million pounds of prepared chicken products
 down from 129.9 million pounds sold during fiscal 2019. The decrease in pounds of prepared chicken products sold resulted from the decrease in demand from our food service customers due to the COVID-19 pandemic
Cost of sales for fiscal 2020 was $3
370.1 million as compared to $3
158.3 million during fiscal 2019
 an increase of $211.8 million
 or 6.7%. Cost of sales of poultry products during fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 were $3
195.3 million and $2
935.4 million
 respectively
 which represents a 2.7% increase in the average cost of sales of poultry products. As illustrated in the table below
 which for comparative purposes includes poultry products sold to the Company's prepared chicken plant
 the increase resulted primarily from a $0.0234 per pound increase
 or 5.8%
 in other costs of sales of poultry products
 partially offset by a decrease in the cost of feed per pound of broilers processed of $0.0087
(In thousands
35
30
4
1
181
1
167
13
2
065
1
864
201
(2
(9
6
32
35
(2
3
246
3
018
228
90
84
4
836
4
617
4
857
4
610
70
90
Note (1) - For comparative purposes
Other costs of sales of poultry products consist primarily of labor
 packaging
 freight
 maintenance and repairs
 utilities
 antimicrobial interventions
 contract grower pay
 chick costs and certain fixed costs. These non-feed related costs of poultry products sold increased by $0.0234 per pound processed
 or 5.8%
 during fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019. Part of this increase is attributable to inefficiencies at the Company's new Tyler
 Texas facilities
 which began initial operations during the last month of the first quarter of fiscal 2019. A new facility's other costs of sales per pound processed will be higher compared to similar complexes until the new complex reaches full capacity. Excluding the Tyler facilities
 other costs of sales would have increased by $0.0212 per pound processed
 or 5.4%. This increase is primarily attributable to higher labor and certain fixed costs
 as well as expenses incurred in response to the COVID-19 pandemic
million
 and include payroll expenses for employees who are quarantined
 payroll expenses for attendance bonuses paid to hourly employees
 and expenses related to various items and services including personal protective equipment
 thermometers
 barriers and other social-distancing measures and additional nursing staff to protect the health and safety of our employees. Excluding the COVID-19-related expenses not attributable to our Tyler facilities
 other costs of sales
 excluding Tyler facilities
 increased by $0.0165 per pound processed
During fiscal 2020
 costs of sales of the Company&#8217;s prepared chicken products were $174.8 million as compared to $222.9 million during fiscal 2019
 a decrease of $48.1 million
 or 21.6%. This decrease was primarily attributable to a 24.0% decrease in the pounds of prepared chicken sold
The Company recorded the value of live broiler inventories on hand at October 31
 2020 at cost. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be lower in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be higher in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company will make an adjustment to lower the value of live birds in inventory to the net realizable value. The Company recorded a charge of $2.8 million at October 31
Selling
 general and administrative (SG&amp;A) costs during fiscal 2020 were $205.8 million
 a decrease of $5.4&#160;million compared to the $211.1 million during fiscal 2019. The following table shows the components of SG&amp;A costs for the twelve months ended October&#160;31
Selling
Twelve months ended October 31
Twelve months ended October 31
Start-up expense (Tyler
9
(9
12
16
(4
3
(3
8
11
(2
8
8
10
11
26
25
1
12
10
1
48
45
3
12
12
65
69
(4
205
211
(5
Regarding the table above
 the change in start-up expense in any particular period relates to the stage of the start-up process in which a facility under construction is in during the period. Non-construction related expenses
 such as labor
 training and office-related expenses for a facility under construction are recorded as start-up expense until the facility begins operations. As a facility moves closer to start-up
 the expenses incurred for labor
 training
 etc. increase. As a result
 amounts classified as start-up expenses will increase period over period until the facility begins production. Once production begins
 the expenses from that point forward are recorded as costs of goods sold. The decrease in trainee expense is primarily the result of a reduction in the number of trainee positions filled. The decrease in ESOP expense
 payout of which is based on profitability
 is the result of fiscal 2020 earnings being less than fiscal 2019 earnings. The decrease in stock compensation expense is primarily the result of lower accruals related to the outstanding performance share agreements described in Part II, Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 11 - Stock Compensation Plans of this Form 10-K. The increase in COVID-19-related expense is the result of direct expenses for items and services related to the health
The Company&#8217;s operating loss during fiscal 2020 was $11.6 million as compared to an operating income during fiscal 2019 of $68.0 million. The decrease resulted primarily from lower average selling prices and higher average costs of goods sold
The Company recognized interest income of $0.5 million during fiscal 2020
 as compared to no interest income during fiscal 2019. Interest expense during fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 was $5.2 million and $4.2 million
 respectively. The increase in interest expense during fiscal 2020
 as compared to fiscal 2019
 is the result of the Company's higher outstanding debt levels during fiscal 2020
The Company&#8217;s effective tax rate for fiscal 2020 was 273.3% as compared to 16.5% for fiscal 2019. During fiscal 2020
 the Company recorded a net discrete income tax benefit of approximately $39.1 million related to the carry-back provisions allowed by the CARES Act
 in addition to other smaller discrete items. Excluding the effects of discrete items recognized during fiscal 2020
 primarily related to the CARES Act
 the Company's effective tax rate would have been approximately 21.3%
 as compared to an effective tax rate in fiscal 2019
 exclusive of discrete items
 of approximately 23.6%. The Company&#8217;s effective tax rate differs from the statutory federal rate due to discrete items
 state income taxes
As of October 31
 2020
 the Company's long-term deferred income tax liability was $141.7 million as compared to $74.1 million at October 31
 2019
 an increase of $67.6 million. The increase is primarily attributable to the carry-back provisions discussed above
The Company&#8217;s net income during fiscal 2020 was $28.3 million
 or $1.27 per share
 as compared to net income during fiscal&#160;2019 of $53.3 million or $2.41 per share. The decrease in net income for fiscal 2020 as compared to fiscal 2019 is primarily attributable to lower average selling prices and higher average costs of goods sold
The Company's volume of poultry products sold increased 2.0% in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018
 as the Company began processing chickens at its new Tyler
 Texas poultry complex in early calendar 2019. As of the end of fiscal 2019
 the complex was operating at seventy-five percent capacity. Average operating margins per pound of poultry products sold improved slightly during fiscal 2019
 as compared to fiscal 2018
 as the average sales price of poultry products sold increased by 3.5% and feed-related costs remained relatively flat. However
 similar to fiscal 2018
 the Company's financial results for the year ended October 31
 2019 reflect relatively weak market prices for boneless
 skinless breast meat produced at the Company's plants that process a larger bird for food service customers. In addition
 the Company's non-feed related cost of sales increased $0.0272 per pound and was negatively impacted by inefficiencies at the Tyler
 Texas complex
 as that complex ramped up toward full production
The average feed cost in broiler flocks processed was lower by 0.5% in fiscal 2019
 as compared to fiscal 2018
Net sales for fiscal 2019 were $3
440.3 million as compared to $3
236.0 million for fiscal 2018
 an increase of $204.3 million or 6.3%. Net sales of poultry products for fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 were $3
198.2 million and $3
028.5 million
 respectively
 an increase of $169.7 million or 5.6%. The increase in net sales of poultry products resulted from a 3.5% increase in the average sales price of poultry products sold and a 2.0% increase in the pounds of poultry products sold. During fiscal 2019
 the Company sold 4
531.6 million pounds of poultry products
 up from 4
443.4 million pounds during fiscal 2018. The additional pounds of poultry products sold primarily resulted from a 2.8% increase in the number of chickens sold and an increase in average bird weights of 1.2%. The new Tyler
 Texas processing facility
 which began initial operations during the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 processed approximately 22.3 million head during fiscal 2019
 or approximately 3.6% of the total head processed by the Company during the period
 and sold approximately 147.9 million pounds of poultry products during fiscal 2019
 or approximately 3.3% of the total poultry pounds sold by the Company during the period. Overall
Barry average market prices for jumbo wings
 tenders
 boneless thigh meat and bulk leg quarters increased during fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 by 19.9%
 5.7%
 4.5% and 1.3%
 respectively
 and boneless breast meat prices decreased during fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 by 3.4%. The Company's average selling prices for chicken products sold to retail grocery store customers decreased slightly during fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018
 but continued to reflect good demand. Net sales of prepared chicken products during fiscal 2019 and 2018 were $242.1 million and $207.5 million
 respectively
 an increase of 16.6%
 resulting from a 22.6% increase in the pounds of prepared chicken products sold
 partially offset by a 4.9% decrease in the average sales price of prepared chicken products sold. During fiscal 2019
 the Company sold 129.9 million pounds of prepared chicken products
Cost of sales for fiscal 2019 was $3
158.3 million as compared to $2
974.7 million during fiscal 2018
 an increase of $183.6 million
 or 6.2%. Excluding poultry products sold to the Company's prepared chicken plant
 cost of sales of poultry products sold during fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 were $2
935.4 million and $2
784.7 million
 respectively
 which represents a 3.3% increase in the average cost of sales of poultry products. As illustrated in the table below
 which for comparative purposes includes poultry products sold to the Company's prepared chicken plant
 and excludes poultry products processed and sold under our agreement with House of Raeford Farms as described in Note (2), the increase resulted primarily from a $0.0272 per pound increase
 or 7.3%
 in other costs of sales of poultry products
 partially offset by a decrease in the cost of feed per pound of broilers processed of $0.0012
(In thousands
30
37
(6
1
167
1
141
26
1
864
1
682
181
(9
(9
35
30
4
3
018
2
831
187
84
85
4
617
4
480
4
610
4
481
90
84
Note (1) - For comparative purposes
Note (2) - On April 17
 2017
 the Company announced that it had agreed to process chickens grown by House of Raeford Farms at the Company's processing facility located in St. Pauls
 North Carolina. House of Raeford Farms
 a private company headquartered in Rose Hill
 North Carolina
 operates poultry grow-out operations and processing facilities in four southeastern states. The House of Raeford Farms Teachey
 North Carolina
 facility was severely damaged by a fire in late February 2017. Under the terms of the agreement
 the Company purchased
 processed and sold chickens grown by House of Raeford Farms through mid-December 2017. During fiscal 2018
 the Company processed and sold approximately 14.2 million pounds as a result of this agreement. For comparative purposes
Other costs of sales of poultry products consist primarily of labor
 packaging
 freight
 maintenance and repairs
 utilities
 antimicrobial interventions
 contract grower pay
 chick costs and certain fixed costs. These non-feed related costs of poultry products sold increased by $0.0282 per pound processed
 or 7.5%
 during fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018. Part of this increase is attributable to inefficiencies at the Company's new Tyler
 Texas facilities
processed
 or 5.1%. This increase is primarily attributable to higher labor and antimicrobial intervention expenses
 in addition to higher recognized freight expenses. The increase in amounts recognized as freight expense is attributable to the Company's adoption of Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. While adoption of the standard had no effect on the Company's net income during fiscal 2019
 freight expense was negatively impacted during the period
 and that negative impact to freight expense was offset by a corresponding increase to revenue. For more information regarding the Company's adoption of ASU 2014-09 in relation to freight expense
During fiscal 2019
 costs of sales of the Company&#8217;s prepared chicken products were $222.9 million as compared to $190.0 million during fiscal 2018
 an increase of $32.9 million
 or 17.3%
The Company recorded a charge of $2.8 million to reduce the value of live broiler inventories on hand at October 31
 2019 from cost to net realizable value. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be lower in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age and then process and distribute those birds will be higher in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company will make an adjustment to lower the value of live birds in inventory to the net realizable value. The Company recorded a charge of $9.6 million at October 31
SG&amp;A costs during fiscal 2019 were $211.1 million
 a decrease of $10.8 million compared to the $222.0 million of SG&amp;A costs during fiscal 2018. The following table shows the components of SG&amp;A costs for the twelve months ended October 31
Selling
Twelve months ended October 31
Twelve months ended October 31
11
32
(21
16
21
(5
Start-up expense (Tyler
9
13
(4
11
15
(3
3
2
1
7
5
1
8
6
2
45
42
2
25
17
7
10
10
62
64
(2
211
221
(10
Regarding the table above
 the decrease in advertising expense is the result of the Company's decision to scale back its television and radio advertising during fiscal 2019. The change in start-up expense in any particular period relates to the stage of the start-up process in which a facility under construction is in during the period. Non-construction related expenses
 such as labor
 training and office-related expenses for a facility under construction are recorded as start-up expense until the facility begins operations. As a facility moves closer to actual start-up
 the expenses incurred for labor
 training
 etc. increase. As a result
 amounts classified as start-up expenses will increase period over period until the facility begins production. Once production begins
 the expenses from that point forward are recorded as costs of goods sold. The decrease in stock compensation expense is the result of the number of shares earned for the performance shares granted on November 1
 2017
 being lower as compared to the number of shares earned for the performance shares granted on November 1
described in Part II, Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 12 - Commitments and Contingencies. The increase in third-party sales commissions is attributable to the Company's adoption of ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. While adoption of the standard had no effect on the Company's net income during fiscal 2019
 SG&amp;A expenses were negatively impacted during the period
 and the negative impact to SG&amp;A expenses was offset by a corresponding increase to revenue. For more information regarding the Company's adoption of ASU 2014-09 and the relation to SG&amp;A expenses
The Company&#8217;s operating income during fiscal 2019 was $68.0 million as compared to an operating income during fiscal 2018 of $29.7 million. The increase in operating income resulted primarily from higher average selling prices and a 2.5% increase in pounds sold
The Company recorded no interest income during fiscal 2019
 as compared to $2.9 million in interest income during fiscal 2018. Interest expense during fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 was $4.2 million and $2.1 million
 respectively. The decrease in interest income during fiscal 2019
 as compared to fiscal 2018
 is the result of the Company not having excess cash to invest during fiscal 2019 as it did in fiscal 2018. The increase in interest expense during fiscal 2019
 as compared to fiscal 2018
 resulted from higher outstanding debt during fiscal 2019
The Company&#8217;s effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 was 16.5% as compared to (101.0)% for fiscal 2018. The Company's effective tax rate differs from the statutory federal rate due to discrete items
 state income taxes
 certain nondeductible expenses for federal income tax purposes and certain state and federal tax credits. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (TCJA)
 which was enacted during the Company's first quarter of fiscal 2018
 the Company revalued its deferred taxes using the newly enacted tax
 resulting in a $37.5 million discrete income tax benefit recognized during the first quarter of fiscal 2018. During fiscal 2019
 the Company recognized an approximately $2.1 million discrete income tax benefit due to certain income tax credits. There were no other material discrete items affecting the comparative periods
 with the exception of discrete adjustments related to stock-based compensation. Excluding the effects of discrete items
 the Company's effective tax rate for fiscal 2019 and 2018 would have been approximately 23.6% and 33.0%
As of October 31
 2019
 the Company's long-term deferred income tax liability was $74.1 million as compared to $62.8 million at October 31
 2018
The Company&#8217;s net income during fiscal 2019 was $53.3 million
 or $2.41 per share
 as compared to net income during fiscal&#160;2018 of $61.4 million or $2.70 per share. The decrease in net income for fiscal 2019 as compared to fiscal 2018 is primarily attributable to a higher effective tax rate and higher average costs of goods sold
The Company&#8217;s working capital
 calculated by subtracting current liabilities from current assets
 at October&#160;31
 2020
 was $354.0 million
 and its current ratio
 calculated by dividing current assets by current liabilities
 was 2.6 to 1. The Company&#8217;s working capital and current ratio at October&#160;31
 2019
 were $365.4 million and 2.7 to 1
 respectively. These measures reflect the Company&#8217;s ability to meet its short term obligations and are included here as a measure of the Company&#8217;s short term market liquidity. The Company&#8217;s principal sources of liquidity available during fiscal 2020 included cash on hand
 cash flows from operations
 and funds available under the Company&#8217;s revolving credit facility. As described below
 the Company is a party to a revolving credit facility dated March&#160;21
 2019 with a maximum available borrowing capacity of $1.0 billion. As of October&#160;31
 2020
 and December 16
 2020
 the Company had borrowed $25.0 million and had approximately $25.2 million outstanding in letters of credit
The Company&#8217;s cash position at October&#160;31
 2020 and October&#160;31
 2019
 consisted of $49.1 million and $95.4 million
 respectively
 in cash and cash equivalents. The Company&#8217;s ability to invest cash is limited by covenants in its revolving credit agreement to short term investments. All of the Company&#8217;s cash at October&#160;31
 2020 and October&#160;31
 2019
 was held in bank accounts and highly-liquid investment accounts. There were no restrictions on the Company&#8217;s access to its cash
Cash flows provided by operating activities during fiscal 2020 and fiscal 2019 were $222.0 million and $206.8 million
 respectively. Cash flows from operating activities increased by $15.2 million
 resulting primarily from the change in cash received for income taxes in fiscal 2020
 as compared to fiscal 2019
 partially offset by a decrease in average realized margins in fiscal 2020
 compared to fiscal 2019. In fiscal 2020
 the Company's net cash receipts from income taxes totaled approximately $83.2 million
Cash flows provided by operating activities during fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2018 were $206.8 million and $131.4 million
 respectively. Cash flows from operating activities increased by $75.4 million
 resulting from three primary factors. First
 during fiscal 2019
 the Company realized higher margins due to an increase in average selling prices
 as compared to fiscal 2018
 which more than offset the increase in average costs of goods sold during the same comparative periods. Secondly
 the change in cash bonuses paid by the Company
 which totaled approximately $36.0 million during fiscal 2018
 as compared to no cash bonuses paid during fiscal 2019
 caused cash flows from operating activities to increase. The bonuses paid during fiscal 2018 related to fiscal 2017 performance. Lastly
 the change in cash paid or received for income taxes during fiscal 2019
 as compared to fiscal 2018
 caused an increase in cash flows from operating activities. During fiscal 2019
 the Company's net cash receipts from income taxes totaled approximately $25.6 million
 as compared to approximately $40.0 million in net cash paid for income taxes during fiscal 2018. Offsetting the increases described above is the additional funding required for inventories
 largely attributable to the Company's new Tyler
 Texas facilities. During fiscal 2019
 inventory levels increased by approximately $49.9 million
Cash flows used in investing activities during fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 were $202.0 million
 $248.5 million and $306.7 million
 respectively. The Company&#8217;s capital expenditures during fiscal 2020 of $202.4 million included approximately $47.9 for multiple large-scale equipment and building upgrades at multiple complexes
 approximately $11.4 to purchase new vehicles that in previous years would have been leased and approximately $9.3 million for construction of a new hatchery to replace the hatchery currently in service in Laurel
 Mississippi. These vehicles primarily consist of semi-tractors and trailers that are used to haul the Company's live birds and feed. The Company&#8217;s capital expenditures during fiscal 2019 were $249.5 million and included approximately $67.1 million related to construction at the Tyler
 Texas complex and approximately $9.4 million related to final payments made under purchase agreements for delivery of new aircraft. The Company's capital expenditures during fiscal 2018 were $308.9 million and included approximately $156.5 million related to construction at the Tyler
 Texas complex
 $29.3 million related to progress or final payments made under the aircraft purchase agreements and approximately $4.7 million for expansion of the prepared chicken facility in Flowood
 Mississippi. Excluding expenditures for the items specifically mentioned above
 the Company's capital expenditures for fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018 were $133.8 million
 $173.0 million and $118.4 million
Cash flows provided by or (used in) financing activities during fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018 were $(66.4) million
 $15.9 million and $(122.8) million
 respectively. During fiscal 2020
 the Company reduced the outstanding balance under its revolving credit facility by a net of $30.0 million
 purchased shares valued at $6.5 million pursuant to the Company's Stock Incentive Plan
 which was amended and restated on February 13
 2020
 under which shares were withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations
 and paid approximately $31.1 million in dividends to its shareholders. During fiscal 2019
 the Company borrowed a net of $55.0 million under its revolving credit facility
 purchased shares valued at $9.4 million pursuant to the Company's Stock Incentive Plan
 and paid approximately $28.4 million in dividends to its shareholders. During fiscal 2018
 the Company repurchased and canceled 823
385 shares of its common stock in open-market transactions at an average price of $101.37 per share
 resulting in a total cash outflow of $83.5 million
 and purchased shares valued at $11.7 million pursuant to the Company's Stock Incentive Plan. Additionally
As of December 7
 2020
 the Company&#8217;s fiscal 2021 capital budget is approximately $163.8 million. The Company expects the 2021 capital budget to be funded by cash on hand
 internally generated working capital
 cash flows from operations and
 as needed
 borrowings under the Company&#8217;s revolving credit facility. The Company had $949.8 million available under the revolving line of credit as of December 16
 2020. The fiscal 2021 capital budget includes an aggregate of approximately $28.5 million for multiple large-scale equipment and building upgrades at multiple complexes
 $12.4 million to purchase new vehicles that in previous years would have been leased
 and $10.1 million for construction of a new hatchery to replace the hatchery currently in service in Laurel
 Mississippi. Excluding the budgeted amounts for the items detailed above
On October&#160;2
 2020
 the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 to register for possible future sale shares of the Company's common and/or preferred stock. An indeterminate amount of common stock and preferred stock may be offered by the Company in amounts
 at prices and on terms to be determined by the board of directors if and when shares are issued. The registration statement became automatically effective upon filing with the SEC on October 2
The Company regularly evaluates both internal and external growth opportunities
 including acquisition opportunities and the possible construction of new assets
 and conducts due diligence activities in connection with such opportunities. The cost and terms of any financing to be raised in conjunction with any growth opportunity
 including the Company&#8217;s ability to raise debt or equity capital on terms and at costs satisfactory to the Company
 and the effect of such opportunities on the Company&#8217;s balance sheet
The Company is a party to a revolving credit facility dated March&#160;21
 2019
 with a maximum available borrowing capacity of $1.0 billion. Under the credit facility
 the Company may not exceed a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of 50%. The Company has a one-time right
 at any time during the term of the agreement
 to increase the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio then in effect by five percentage points in connection with the construction of a new poultry complex for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at October&#160;31
 2020
 was $1.0 billion. The credit is unsecured and
 unless extended
 will expire on March&#160;21
 2024. As of October&#160;31
 2020
 and December 16
 2020
 the Company had borrowed $25.0 million under the facility
 and had approximately $25.2 million outstanding in letters of credit
 leaving $949.8 million of borrowing capacity available under the facility. For more information about the facility
 see Item 1.01 of our Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 27
Obligations under long-term debt; non-cancelable operating leases; purchase obligations relating to feed grains
 other feed ingredients and packaging supplies; construction contracts and claims payable relating to the Company&#8217;s workers&#8217; compensation insurance policy at October&#160;31
 2020
36
13
18
2
2
25
25
Feed grains
98
98
9
9
21
9
11
191
131
30
27
2
The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements material to our financial position or results of operations as of October&#160;31
The preparation of financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates and assumptions
Processed and prepared inventories and inventories of feed
 eggs
 medication and packaging supplies are stated at the lower of cost (average method) or net realizable value. When market prices for poultry are low and feed grains are high
 the Company may be required to write down the carrying values of processed poultry and live inventories to net realizable value
Live poultry inventories of broilers are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value and breeders at cost less accumulated amortization. The costs associated with broiler inventories
 consisting principally of chicks
 feed
 and medicine
 are accumulated during the growing period. The costs associated with breeder inventories
 consisting principally of breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower payments are accumulated during the growing period. Capitalized breeder costs are then amortized over nine months using the straight-line method. Mortality of broilers and breeders is charged to cost of sales as incurred. If market prices for chicks
 feed or medicine or if grower payments increase (or decrease) during the period
 the Company could have an increase (or decrease) in the market value of its inventory as well as an increase (or decrease) in cost of sales. Should the Company decide that the nine month amortization period used to amortize the breeder costs is no longer appropriate as a result of operational changes
In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age
 including estimates of payments to the independent contract producers who raise the chicks for us
 and then process and distribute those birds will be lower in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age
 including estimates of payments to the independent contract producers who raise the chicks for us
 and then process and distribute those birds will be higher in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company will make an adjustment to lower the value of live birds in inventory to the net realizable value. The significant judgments that management makes in order to assess the net realizable value of its broiler inventory include estimating future selling prices of finished products and the related cost of sales
 primarily feed costs
 to complete. The Company recorded a charge of $2.8 million to reduce the value of live broiler inventories on hand at October 31
 2019 from cost to net realizable value. The Company also recorded a charge of $9.6 million to reduce the value of live broiler inventories on hand at October 31
 2018 from cost to net realizable value. No such charge was required at October 31
Insurance expense and the related reserve for workers&#8217; compensation benefits and employee-related health care benefits are estimated using historical experience and actuarial estimates. The Company utilizes an outside third party specialist to assist management in estimating the reserve ultimately recorded in the financial statements. The Company accrues expenses in its workers&#8217; compensation and employee benefit plans for both known claims as well as claims incurred but not reported. Stop-loss coverage is maintained with third party insurers to limit the Company&#8217;s total exposure. Management regularly reviews the assumptions used
 such as estimated claims incurred but not reported and the estimated development of reported claims
 to recognize periodic expenses. Any resulting adjustments to accrued claims are reflected in current operating results. There are no material adjustments to expenses accrued in prior periods in current expenses. If historical experience proves not to be a good indicator of future expenses
 if the third-party actuaries with which management engages were to use different actuarial assumptions
 if there is a negative trend in the Company&#8217;s claims history
 or if changes are made to the assumptions used to calculate the reserves
 there could be a significant increase or decrease in cost of sales depending on whether these expenses increased or decreased
The Company enters into performance share agreements that grant certain officers and key employees the right to receive shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 subject to the Company&#8217;s achievement of certain performance measures. The performance measures in each outstanding agreement relate to the Company&#8217;s average return on equity and average return on sales over a two year performance period. There is an additional one-year service-based vesting period during which the holder must be employed by the Company to be eligible to receive the shares that met the performance measures. The Company must estimate
 at the end of each reporting period
earned at the end of the total three year vesting period. In making this estimate
 the Company considers
 among other factors
 the current and projected grain costs and chicken volumes and pricing
 as well as the amount of commitments to procure grain at a fixed price throughout the performance period. Due to the high level of volatility of these commodity prices and the impact that the change in pricing can have on the Company&#8217;s results
 the Company&#8217;s assessment of probability can change from period to period and can result in a significant revision to the amounts accrued related to the awards. The accounting for these awards requires the Company to accrue over the three year vesting period the estimated amounts that will be earned with adjustments made during the service period using the cumulative catch up method. With respect to the fiscal 2018 awards
 which vested and were issued effective October 31
 2020
 the Company expensed a total of approximately $1.9 million
 of which $1.3 million was recorded during fiscal 2019 and $0.6 million was recorded during fiscal 2020. With respect to the performance share agreements entered into on November 1
 2018
 the performance period ended as of October 31
 2020
 and the performance measures were not achieved. Because of the volatility of the factors previously discussed and considering actual operating results through October&#160;31
 2020
 which were below the threshold level
 as of October&#160;31
 2020 the Company was unable to determine that it was probable that awards from outstanding agreements entered into on November 1
 2019 would be earned
 and therefore has not accrued any amount for those awards. Had the Company determined that it was probable that the maximum amount of those outstanding awards would be earned
 an additional $6.0 million would have been accrued as of October&#160;31
Deferred income taxes are accounted for using the liability method and relate principally to depreciation expense
The Company recognizes the costs of legal defense for the legal proceedings to which it is a party in the periods incurred. After a considerable analysis of each case
 the Company determines the amount of reserves required
 if any. At this time
 the Company has not accrued any reserve for any legal proceedings. Future reserves may be required if losses are deemed reasonably estimable and probable due to changes in the Company&#8217;s assumptions
 the effectiveness of legal strategies
In February 2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance is intended to increase transparency and comparability among companies by requiring an entity that is a lessee to recognize on the balance sheet the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities arising from all leases with terms
 as defined by the guidance
 of greater than twelve months. The guidance also requires disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2020
 and we used the transition method that requires a cumulative-effect adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings during the period of adoption
 rather than restating prior-period financial statements; however no such cumulative-effect adjustment was required under our circumstances. This guidance also provides certain practical expedients
 including a practical expedient package during transition. We elected to use this package
 which allowed the Company to carry forward its determination of whether a lease exists
 the classification of a lease
 and whether initial direct lease costs exist for purposes of transition to the new standard. We did not utilize the hindsight practical expedient. As of October 31
 2020
 we recognized right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of approximately $40.8&#160;million
 primarily related to transportation equipment. Adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated statements of operations and cash flows. For further information regarding the Company's leases
In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses
The guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim  periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2019
In December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes
 which is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Accounting Standards Codification 740 and also clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. This guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2020
In March 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-04
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting
 which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to contract modifications and hedging relationships
 subject to meeting certain criteria
 that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. This options guidance
 which became effective on March 12
 2020
 and can be applied through December 31
 2022
 has not affected our consolidated financial statements. We have a revolving credit facility that references LIBOR
 and we are assessing how this standard may be applied to specific contract modifications through December 31
The Company is a purchaser of certain commodities
 primarily corn and soybean meal
 for use in manufacturing feed for its chickens. As a result
 the Company&#8217;s earnings are affected by changes in the price and availability of such feed ingredients. Feed grains are subject to volatile price changes caused by factors described below that include weather
 size of harvest
Generally
 the Company commits to purchase feed ingredients for deferred delivery from one month to nine months after the time of the commitment. The grain purchases are made directly with our usual grain suppliers
 which are companies in the business of regularly supplying grain to end users
 and do not involve options to purchase. Such purchases occur when our chief operating decision maker concludes that market factors indicate that prices at the time the grain is needed are likely to be higher than current prices
 or where
 based on current and expected market prices for the Company&#8217;s poultry products
Current and predicted weather patterns in the United States
 South America
 China and other grain producing areas
 as such weather patterns might affect the planting
 growing
The current and expected use of available feed grains for uses other than as livestock feed grains (such as the use of corn for the production of ethanol
The Company purchases physical grain
 not financial instruments such as puts
 calls or straddles that derive their value from the value of physical grain. Thus
 the Company does not use derivative financial instruments as defined in ASC 815
 &#8220;Accounting for Derivatives for Instruments and Hedging Activities
Although the Company does not use derivative financial instruments as defined in ASC 815 or purchase market risk sensitive instruments of the type contemplated by Item&#160;305 of Regulation S-K
 the commodities that the Company does purchase for physical delivery
 primarily corn and soybean meal
 are subject to price fluctuations that have a direct and material effect on the Company&#8217;s profitability as mentioned above. During fiscal 2020
 the Company purchased approximately 124.7 million bushels of corn and approximately 1.2 million tons of soybean meal for use in manufacturing feed for its live chickens. A $1.00 change in the average market price paid per bushel for corn would have impacted the Company&#8217;s cash outlays for corn by approximately $124.7 million in fiscal 2020. Likewise
Although changes in the market price paid for feed grains impact cash outlays at the time the Company purchases the grain
 such changes do not immediately impact cost of sales. The cost of feed grains is recognized in cost of sales at the same time that the sales of the chickens that consume the feed grains are recognized. Thus
 there is a lag between the time cash is paid for feed ingredients and the time the cost of such feed ingredients is reported in cost of goods sold. For example
 corn delivered to a feed mill and paid for one week might be used to manufacture feed the following week. However
 the chickens that eat that feed might not be processed and sold for another 48-65 days
During fiscal 2020
 the Company&#8217;s average feed cost per pound of broilers processed totaled $0.2443 per pound. Feed costs per pound of broilers processed consist primarily of feed grains
 but also include other feed ingredients such as vitamins
 fat and mineral feed supplements. The average feed cost per pound is influenced not only by the price of feed ingredients
 but also by the efficiency with which live chickens convert feed into body weight. Factors such as weather
 poultry husbandry
 quality of feed ingredients and the quality and health of the bird
 among others
 affect the quantity of feed necessary to mature chickens to the target live weight and the efficiency of that process. Generally
 however
 a $1.00 change in the average price paid per bushel of corn fed to a chicken during its life would have affected average feed cost per pound of broilers processed by $0.0258
 based on the quantity of grain used during fiscal 2020. Similarly
The following table shows the impact of hypothetical changes in the price of corn and soybean meal on both the Company&#8217;s cash flow and cost of goods sold
The Company&#8217;s interest expense is sensitive to changes in the general level of interest rates in the United States
 and when the Company is indebted
 it typically maintains certain of its debt as fixed rate in nature to mitigate the impact of fluctuations in interest rates. Although the Company had no fixed-rate debt on its balance sheet at October&#160;31
 2020
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Sanderson Farms
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of October&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders' equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October&#160;31
 2020
 and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company at October&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October&#160;31
 2020
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of October&#160;31
 2020
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated December&#160;17
 2020
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
 subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit matter below
The workers&#8217; compensation reserve totaled $21.5 million at October 31
 2020. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements
 the Company&#8217;s reserve for workers&#8217; compensation is based on both known claims and estimates for claims incurred but not reported (&#8220;IBNR&#8221;). The Company utilizes various actuarial methodologies and analysis that contemplate known claims and IBNR claims to estimate the reserve. The IBNR portion of the reserve is based on an analysis performed by management&#8217;s external actuarial specialist and considers a variety of factors
 including the frequency and severity of losses
 changes in claims reporting and resolution patterns
 third-party recoveries
 insurance industry practices
We tested controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to the measurement of the workers&#8217; compensation reserve. For example
 we tested controls over management&#8217;s review of the actuarial analysis of the workers&#8217; compensation reserve
To test the workers&#8217; compensation reserve
 our audit procedures included
 among others
 evaluating the actuarial methodologies and analysis used and the underlying claims data provided by management to its actuaries. We involved our actuarial specialist to assist in our evaluation of the methodologies and analysis applied by management&#8217;s actuary in determining the reserve. For example
 we performed an independent calculation of a range of reasonable reserve balances using the Company&#8217;s historical claims data and similar actuarial methodologies
 and compared the Company&#8217;s recorded reserve to the range developed by our actuarial specialist. In addition
New Orleans
December&#160;17
Sanderson Farms
October 31
(In&#160;thousands
49
95
Accounts receivable

1
147
131
290
289
33
6
57
56
578
581
Property
 plant and equipment
1
224
1
185
40
5
7
1
849
1
774
111
132
98
82
13
224
215
Long-term debt
25
55
12
11
141
74
26
Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
500
 shares
4
500
Common Stock
100
000
22
251
 at October&#160;31
22
203
 at October&#160;31
 2019
22
22
90
86
1
306
1
309
1
419
1
417
1
849
1
774
Sanderson Farms
Years ended October 31
(In&#160;thousands
3
564
3
440
3
236
3
370
3
158
2
974
2
9
Selling
205
211
221
3
575
3
372
3
206
11
67
29
2
5
4
2
4
4
16
63
30
44
10
30
28
53
61
Sanderson Farms
(In thousands
Balance at October 31
22
802
22
134
1
275
1
432
61
61
28
28
823
59
23
83
120
8
8
14
14
Balance at October 31
22
099
22
81
1
284
1
387
53
53
28
28
104
5
5
10
10
Balance at October 31
22
203
22
86
1
309
1
417
28
28
31
31
47
3
3
8
8
Balance at October 31
22
251
22
90
1
306
1
419
Sanderson Farms
Years ended October 31
28
53
61
156
135
110
9
12
16
2
6
9
2
67
11
29
1
15
7
16
6
7
2
43
3
27
26
39
14
4
13
13
14
18
24
Accrued expenses
16
15
31
193
153
69
222
206
131
202
249
308
2
201
248
306
145
125
175
70
2
31
28
28
83
1
1
6
9
11
66
15
122
46
25
298
95
121
419
49
95
121
1
3
40
Interest paid
5
4
2
3
10
24
Sanderson Farms
 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Sanderson Farms
 The Company is engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and other prepared chicken items. The Company&#8217;s net sales and cost of sales are significantly affected by market price fluctuations of its principal products sold and of its principal feed ingredients
The Company sells to retailers
 distributors and casual dining operators primarily in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States. Management periodically performs credit evaluations of its customers&#8217; financial condition and generally does not require collateral. The Company recognizes revenue in connection with a contract in which the Company has agreed to sell
 and a customer has agreed to purchase
 specific quantities of product at agreed-upon prices and when the Company's performance obligation related to that contract has been satisfied. In the majority of its contracts with customers
 the Company's performance obligation is satisfied when delivery of the product has occurred
 either at the customer's facility or the Company's facility
 depending on the terms of each contract. In a small number of contracts
 ownership of the product passes from the Company to the customer at some point during transit
 at which time the performance obligation is satisfied and revenue is recognized. Gross revenue and related receivables are recognized based on the transaction price within the contract and are reduced by estimated or known amounts for items such as rebates
 discounts
 cooperative advertising allowances and other various items to arrive at net revenue. During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
&#160;million
&#160;million
The cost incurred for shipping and handling activities to deliver the product to the customer is recognized in cost of sales during the period in which the corresponding revenue is recognized. Where shipping and handling activities occur after the customer has obtained control of the product
 the Company has elected to account for those expenses as fulfillment costs in cost of sales
 rather than an additional promised service. This accounting treatment is the same as the accounting treatment prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company has
 prior to the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 accounted for freight one of two ways. First
 when the Company's agreement with its customer did not authorize the Company to invoice the customer separately for freight
 the Company attempted to negotiate a higher price
 and paid freight costs associated with the sale. In these instances
 that cost was booked as an expense in cost of sales. In some instances
 the Company's agreements with its customers authorize the Company to invoice the customer for freight costs separately on its invoice to the customer. Under these arrangements
 the Company has previously accounted for freight by recognizing revenue net of the freight costs. Subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 both arrangements are accounted for in the same manner. That is
 in both instances
 revenue is reported gross of any freight charge
 and all freight costs are accounted for as cost of sales. Because we adopted ASU 2014-09 using the modified-retrospective transition method
 we did not restate prior-period financial statements
 and the separately-invoiced freight costs from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to cost of sales. During fiscal 2020 and 2019
&#160;million
 respectively
 related to those freight charges
Due to the nature of our contracts
 commissions associated with such contracts provide only a short-term benefit (i.e. less than one year); therefore
 with our adoption of ASU 2014-09
 we recognize costs of commissions paid to third-party brokers as selling
 general and administrative expenses effective as of November 1
 2018. Prior to our adoption of ASU 2014-09
 those commissions were recognized as a reduction of revenue. Because we transitioned using the modified-retrospective method
 we did not restate prior-period financial statements
 and those commissions from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to revenue. During fiscal 2020 and 2019
&#160;million
 respectively
 in commissions as selling
 general and administrative expenses
 customers each accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31
%
 respectively
%
 respectively
%
 respectively
Sales of offal are considered by-products; accordingly
 million
 million in fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
The Company sells certain of its products either directly to foreign markets or to U.S. based customers who resell the product in foreign markets. These foreign markets for fiscal 2020 were primarily Mexico
 China and Cuba
 and for fiscal 2019 and 2018 were primarily Mexico
 Cuba
 Central Asia and the Middle East. These export sales for fiscal years 2020
 million
 million
 In the normal course of business
 the Company extends credit to its customers on a short-term basis
 generally less than twenty-one days. Although credit risks associated with our customers are considered minimal
 the Company routinely reviews its accounts receivable balances and records provisions for probable doubtful accounts based on an individual assessment of a customer&#8217;s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends
 including the aging of receivable balances. In circumstances where management is aware of a specific customer&#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. If circumstances change (i.e.
 higher than expected defaults or an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer&#8217;s ability to meet its financial obligations to us)
 Processed and prepared inventories and inventories of feed
 eggs
Live poultry inventories of broilers are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 and breeders at cost less accumulated amortization. The costs associated with breeders
 including breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower pay
The costs associated with broiler inventories
 consisting principally of chicks
 feed
 and medicine
 are accumulated during the growing period. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age
 including estimates of payments to the independent contract producers who raise the chicks for us
 and then process and distribute those birds will be lower in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age
 including estimates of payments to the independent contract producers who raise the chicks for us
 and then process and distribute those birds will be higher in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company will make an adjustment to lower the value of live birds in inventory to the net realizable value. The significant judgments that management makes in order to assess the net realizable value of its broiler inventory include estimating future selling prices of finished products and the related cost of sales
 primarily feed costs
 to complete. The Company's live broiler inventories were recorded at cost at October 31
 2020
&#160;million at October 31
Property
 Property
 plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation of property
 The Company continually reevaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets based on events or changes in circumstances which indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. As part of this reevaluation and when indicators are present
its eventual disposal. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss
 based on the fair value of the assets
 Insurance expense for workers&#8217; compensation benefits and employee-related health care benefits are estimated using historical experience and actuarial estimates. The Company utilizes an outside third party specialist to assist management in estimating the reserve ultimately recorded in the financial statements. The Company accrues expenses in its workers&#8217; compensation and employee benefit plans for both known claims as well as claims incurred but not reported. Stop-loss coverage is maintained with third party insurers to limit the Company&#8217;s total exposure. Management regularly reviews the assumptions used to recognize periodic expenses. Any resulting adjustments to accrued claims are reflected in current operating results. There are no material adjustments to expenses accrued in prior periods in current expenses. The total amounts recorded for the Company's reserve for workers' compensation benefits as of October 31
 2020 and October 31
&#160;million
 The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs are included in selling
 million
 million for fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 Deferred income taxes are accounted for using the liability method and relate principally to depreciation expense
The Company is periodically audited by taxing authorities and considers any adjustments
 interest
 The Company accounts for all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of restricted stock and performance-based shares
 in the statement of operations based on their fair values. For performance-based shares
 Basic earnings per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Share-based payment awards entitling holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities and thus included in the calculation of basic earnings per share. These awards are included in the calculation of basic earnings per share under the two-class method. The two-class method allocates earnings for the period between common shareholders and other security holders. The participating awards receiving dividends are allocated the same amount of income as if they were outstanding shares. Diluted earnings per share includes any dilutive effects of options
 warrants
 The Company  holds certain items that are required to be disclosed at fair value
Level 2 &#8211; Inputs used to measure fair value
 other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date through correlation with market data
 including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and quoted prices in markets that are not active. Level 2 also includes assets and liabilities that are valued using models or other pricing methodologies that do not require significant judgment since the input assumptions used in the models
 such as interest rates and volatility factors
Fair values for debt are based on quoted market prices or published forward interest rate curves and were categorized as Level 2 measurements. As of October 31
 2020 and October 31
 2019
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance is intended to increase transparency and comparability among companies by requiring an entity that is a lessee to recognize on the balance sheet the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities arising from all leases with terms
 as defined by the guidance
 of greater than twelve months. The guidance also requires disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2020
 and we used the transition method that requires a cumulative-effect adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings during the period of adoption
 rather than restating prior-period financial statements; however no such cumulative-effect adjustment was required. This guidance also provides certain practical expedients
 including a practical expedient package during transition. We elected to use this package
 which allowed the Company to carry forward its determination of whether a lease exists
 the classification of a lease
 and whether initial direct lease costs exist for purposes of transition to the new standard. We did not utilize the hindsight practical expedient. As of October 31
 2020
&#160;million
 primarily related to transportation equipment. Adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated statements of operations and cash flows. For further information regarding the Company's leases
In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses
The guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim  periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2019
In December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes
 which is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Accounting Standards Codification 740 and also clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. This guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2020
In March 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-04
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting
 which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to contract modifications and hedging relationships
 subject to meeting certain criteria
 that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. This options guidance
 which became effective on March 12
 2020
 and can be applied through December 31
 2022
 has not affected our consolidated financial statements. We have a revolving credit facility that references LIBOR
 and we are assessing how this standard may be applied to specific contract modifications through December 31
Fresh
1
408
1
137
1
158
Fresh
1
200
1
310
1
139
Fresh
509
511
503
240
213
211
184
240
207
20
27
15
3
564
3
440
3
236
October&#160;31
180
179
Feed
53
47
32
35
16
20
7
7
290
289
Property
Property
 plant and equipment
 net
October&#160;31
931
892
1
350
1
236
16
11
2
299
2
139
1
074
953
Property
 plant and equipment
1
224
1
185
October&#160;31
36
33
10
8
10
14
57
56
October&#160;31
9
9
11
19
17
13
12
10
12
11
22
8
11
9
98
82
October 31
% at October 31
% at October 31
25
55
25
55
The Company is a party to a revolving credit facility dated March&#160;21
 2019
 billion. Under the credit facility
%. The Company has a one-time right
 at any time during the term of the agreement
 percentage points in connection with the construction of a new poultry complex for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at October&#160;31
 2020
 billion. The credit is unsecured and
 unless extended
 will expire on March&#160;21
 2024. As of October 31
 2020
 and December 16
 2020
 million
 million outstanding in letters of credit
The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt at October 31
25
25
On March 27
 2020
 the CARES Act was enacted. The CARES Act contains several income tax provisions
 as well as other measures
 that are intended to assist businesses impacted by the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The most significant provisions of the CARES Act that materially affect our accounting for income taxes include
 but are not limited to
 a five-year carry-back allowance for taxable net operating losses generated in tax years 2018 through 2020
 our fiscal years 2019 through 2021
 and a technical correction to the Tax Cut and Jobs Act
 enacted on December 22
 2017
Our fiscal 2020 financial statements were materially affected by the changes enacted by the CARES Act. U.S. GAAP requires that the effects from changes in tax laws be recognized in the period in which the new law is enacted
 which for the CARES Act was our second quarter of fiscal 2020. As a result of the applicable accounting guidance and the provisions within the CARES Act
 our income tax provision for fiscal 2020 reflects the carry-back of taxable net operating losses generated during periods in which the statutory federal income tax rate was 21.0% to periods in which the statutory federal income tax rate was 35.0%. Due to the difference in statutory rates
&#160;million discrete income tax benefit related to the carry-back provisions. Because the net operating losses were carried back to years in which we initially reduced our taxable income using the Domestic Production Activities Deduction
On December 22
 2017
 during our fiscal 2018
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TCJA) was enacted
%
 which was based on a calculation of the number of days during fiscal 2018 that were subject to a 35.0% statutory rate and the number of days during fiscal 2018 that were subject to a 21.0% statutory rate. Fiscal years 2020 and 2019 were each subject to a 21.0% statutory rate for the entire year. When the TCJA was enacted during fiscal 2018
Our effective tax rates for fiscal 2020
%
)%
 respectively. Excluding the effects of discrete items
 the Company's effective tax rates for fiscal 2020
%
%

Years Ended October&#160;31
114
2
1
112
1
71
13
28
2
2
3
5
2
67
11
29
44
10
30
October&#160;31
Property
167
148
2
1
169
150
8
8
1
1
4
7
8
9
3
1
2
5
3
54
27
76
141
74
The increase in the Company's deferred tax liability is primarily attributable to the carry-back provisions within the CARES Act
 million
% investment tax credit for property located in a North Carolina development area
 the North Carolina Creating Jobs Credit provides a tax credit for increased employment in North Carolina
 and the Georgia Job Tax Credit provides a tax credit for creation and retention of qualifying jobs in Georgia. It is management&#8217;s opinion that the majority of the North Carolina and Georgia income tax credits will not be utilized before they expire
 million valuation allowance has been recorded as of October&#160;31
 2020. The North Carolina credits began to expire during fiscal 2018
At the end of each reporting period
 the Company evaluates all available information at that time to determine if it is more likely than not that some or all of these credits will be utilized. As of October 31
 2020
 2019
 and 2018
 million
 million
 million
 respectively
 would be recovered. Accordingly
Years Ended October&#160;31
3
13
7
39
37
1
1
1
3
2
4
4
4
1
1
1
1
2
1
1
3
5
5
44
10
30
As of October 31
 2020
&#160;million of unrecognized tax benefits
 unrecognized tax benefits as of October 31
 2019. If recognized
&#160;million would reduce the Company's effective tax rate. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. As of October 31
 2020
 of the Company's recorded liability
Certain share-based payment awards entitling holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities and thus included in the calculation of basic earnings per share
October 31
October 31
October 31
28
53
61
27
52
60
21
21
22
21
21
22
made no contribution to the ESOP during fiscal 2020. In fiscal 2019 and 2018
 million
 respectively. Contributions to the ESOP vary in amount
% of each employee&#8217;s salary
On February&#160;17
 2005
 the shareholders of the Company approved the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;). The Plan allows the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors to grant certain incentive awards including stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock

250

 2011

250
3
500
562
1
562

 2016



200
1
562
2
112

 2020



800

Pursuant to the Plan
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approves agreements for the issuance of restricted stock to directors
 executive officers and other key employees. Restricted stock granted in fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 from the date of grant. The vesting schedule is accelerated upon death
 disability
 the participant&#8217;s termination of employment after reaching retirement eligibility by reason of retirement
 or upon a change in control
 million
 million during fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
Outstanding at October&#160;31
301
65
84
2
Outstanding at October&#160;31
279
88
77
6
Outstanding at October&#160;31
284
68
89
3
Outstanding at October&#160;31
260
260

 2020

Also pursuant to the Plan
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approves Management Share Purchase Plan agreements (the &#8220;Purchase Plan&#8221;) that authorize the issuance of shares of restricted stock to the Company&#8217;s directors
other key employees. Pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 or immediately upon death
 disability
 or change in control
 as defined. If an employee terminates employment after attaining eligibility for retirement
 or a non-employee director retires upon the expiration of his or her board term
 vesting period
 the participant forfeits the matching contribution and the Company may
 at its option
 repurchase restricted stock purchased by the participant at the price paid by the participant. Matching contributions are recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018

7
10

 valued at an average price of $
 $
 and $
 per share
 respectively

1
2

 valued at an average price of $
 $
 per share
 respectively. During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018

17
17

 valued at an average price of $
 $
 and $
 per share
 respectively. During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan



289

 2019 and 2018
During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 the Company entered into performance share agreements that grant certain officers and key employees the right to receive shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 subject to the Company&#8217;s achievement of certain performance measures. The performance share agreements specify a target number of shares that a participant can receive based upon the Company&#8217;s average return on equity and average return on sales
 as defined
 performance period
 period during which the participant must remain employed by the Company before they are paid out. If the Company&#8217;s average return on equity and average return on sales meet or exceed certain threshold amounts for the performance period
 percent of the target number of shares
 depending upon the Company&#8217;s level of performance. Accruals for performance shares begin during the period management determines that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria is probable at some level. In estimating the probability of the number of shares that will be awarded
 the Company considers
 among other factors
 current and projected grain costs and chicken volumes and pricing
 as well as the amount of the Company's commitments to procure grain at a fixed price throughout the performance period. Due to the high level of volatility of these commodity prices and the impact that the change in pricing can have on the Company&#8217;s results
 the Company&#8217;s assessment of probability can change from period to period and can result in a significant revision to the amounts accrued related to the arrangements
The target number of shares specified in the performance share agreements entered into on November 1


 2020
 performance period falling below threshold levels
 and the uncertainties discussed above
The Company also has performance share agreements in place with certain officers and key employees that were entered into on November 1
 performance period for those agreements has ended
 and the Company's operating results during the period did not meet the threshold levels; therefore
The Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors determined that the performance share agreements entered into on November 1
 2017
 were earned at a level between the threshold and target levels for the return on sales criterion and that the threshold level for the return on equity criterion was not achieved. Accordingly
&#160;million
 related to those agreements
&#160;million during fiscal 2019. Because management's initial determination of probability was made during fiscal 2019
 and because the accrual is made using the cumulative catch up method
 the compensation expense recorded during fiscal 2019 related to the agreements entered into on November 1
 2017
 was greater than that recorded during fiscal 2020. On October 31
 2020


 2017 vested
 and those shares were issued on November 2
Had the Company determined that it was probable that the maximum amount of those outstanding awards from the agreements entered into on November 1
 2019 would be earned
 million would have been accrued as of October&#160;31
October 31
October 31
October 31
November 1
145
3
November 1
84
2
5
November 1
13
1
November 1
November 1
3
8
Note (1) - As of October 31
 2020
 the Company could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance-based criteria is probable for the agreements entered into on November 1
 2019 due to operating results to date and the uncertainties discussed above
17

 2020

At October&#160;31
 2020
 the Company&#8217;s estimated outstanding contractual obligations for feed grains
 feed ingredients
 packaging supplies
 million
Between September 2
 2016 and October 13
 2016
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants
 along with 13 other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies
 in multiple putative class action lawsuits filed by direct and indirect purchasers of broiler chickens in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The complaints allege that the defendants conspired to unlawfully fix
 raise
 maintain
 and stabilize the price of broiler chickens
 thereby violating federal and certain states&#8217; antitrust laws
 and also allege certain related state-law claims. The complaints also allege that the defendants fraudulently concealed the alleged anticompetitive conduct in furtherance of the conspiracy. The complaints seek damages
 including treble damages for the antitrust claims
 injunctive relief
 costs
 and attorneys&#8217; fees. As detailed below
 the Court has consolidated all of the direct purchaser complaints into one case
 and the indirect purchaser complaints into two cases
On October 28
 2016
 the direct and indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed consolidated
 amended complaints
 and on November 23
 2016
 the direct and indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed second amended complaints. On December 16
 2016
 the indirect purchaser plaintiffs separated into two cases. On that date
 the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint
On January 27
 2017
 the defendants filed motions to dismiss the amended complaints in all of the cases
 and on November 20
 2017
 the motions to dismiss were denied. On February 7
 2018
 the direct purchaser plaintiffs filed their third amended complaint
 adding three additional poultry producers as defendants. On February 12
 2018
 the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed their second amended complaint
 in which they also added three additional poultry producers as defendants
 along with Agri Stats
 Inc. On February 20
 2018
 the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their fourth amended complaint. On November 13
 2018
 the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their fifth amended complaint
 adding three additional poultry producers as defendants. On November 28
 2018
 the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed their third amended complaint. On January 15
 2019
 the direct purchaser plaintiffs filed their fourth amended complaint
 and the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their sixth amended complaint. Both the direct purchaser plaintiffs and the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs added two new poultry producers as defendants
 as well as Agri Stats
 Inc. On August 6
 2020
 the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed a motion for leave to file a fifth amended complaint. The Court granted the end-user consumer plaintiffs&#8217; motion on September 22
 2020 and deemed the version of the complaint filed on August 7
 2020 operative on October 19
 2020. On October 23
 2020
Between December 8
 2017 and December 4
 2020
 additional purported direct-purchaser entities individually brought fifty-five separate suits against 20 poultry producers
 including Sanderson Farms and Agri Stats
 Inc.
 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois
 the United States District Court for the District of Kansas
 the United States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas
 and the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. These suits allege substantially similar claims to the direct purchaser class complaint described above; certain of the suits additionally allege related state-law and common-law claims
 and related claims under federal and Georgia RICO statutes. Four complaints filed on June 12
 2020 and another complaint amended on July 24
 2020
 also plead allegations of federal bid rigging. Those suits filed in the Northern District of Illinois are now pending in front of the same judge as the putative class action lawsuits. On June 26
 2018
 the defendants filed a motion to transfer the case filed in the District of Kansas to the Northern District of Illinois
 and that motion was granted on September 13
 2018. On June 7
 2019
 the plaintiffs filed a motion to transfer the case filed in the Western District of Arkansas to the Northern District of Illinois
 and that motion was granted on June 11
 2019. On July 24
 2019
 one of the defendants filed a motion to transfer the case filed in the District of Puerto Rico to the Northern District of Illinois
 and that motion was granted on July 25
 2019. On July 22
 2019
 the Company moved to dismiss in part those direct-purchaser complaints that allege claims under federal and Georgia RICO statutes against it. The motion was fully briefed on September 20
 2019
 and the Court heard argument on the motion on December 18
 2019. On March 3
 2020
 the Court denied the Company's motion. On October 18
 2019
 defendants moved to dismiss the case filed by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico on its behalf and on behalf of its citizens. The motion was fully briefed on January 21
 2020. On July 15
 2020
 the Court dismissed Puerto Rico's claims on behalf of its citizens. On July 2
 2020 and August 6
 2020
 certain defendants
 including the Company
Plaintiffs filed oppositions on August 6
 2020 and August 20
 2020. Defendants filed replies on August 20
 2020 and September 3
 2020. On September 22
 2020
 the Court ordered that plaintiffs&#8217; bid-rigging allegations are bifurcated and any discovery on such claims is stayed until plaintiffs&#8217; supply reduction and Georgia Dock theories are resolved. On October 20
 2020
 certain direct action plaintiffs filed a motion for leave to amend their complaints. On October 23
 2020
 the direct action plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint. Defendants filed an opposition to certain direct action plaintiffs&#8217; motion to amend on November 4
 2020. Briefing was completed on November 16
On October 30
 2020
 direct purchaser plaintiffs
 commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs
 and end-user consumer plaintiffs filed motions for class certification. Defendants' oppositions to class certification are due January 22
 2021. Class plaintiffs' replies in support of class certification are due March 15
The parties are currently engaged in discovery
Since March 16
 2020
 given the current COVID-19 public health emergency
 the Northern District of Illinois issued three orders extending all deadlines in civil cases by 21 days
 28 days and 28 days
 respectively
 and five orders that did not extend any deadlines
 but explained other court procedures to protect the public health and welfare. These orders apply to the litigation described above. The Northern District of Illinois will vacate
 amend or extend the Eighth Amended General Order on or before January 25
 received from the United States Department of Justice
 Antitrust Division
 a subpoena that included a request to produce all discovery in the case to a grand jury. On June 27
 2019
 permitted the United States Department of Justice to intervene in the case
 as well as ordered certain discovery stayed until September 27
 2019. Before the discovery stay expired on September 27
 2019
 to extend the discovery stay for an additional six months. On September 25
 2019
 the Court granted the additional stay of not less than three months. On October 16
 2019
 after further consideration
 the Court extended the stay until June 27
 2020. On December 18
 2019
 the Court after further consideration ordered that the stay be lifted on March 31
The Company received a grand jury subpoena in connection with the United States Department of Justice Antitrust Division investigation on September 9
State of New Mexico
 ex rel. Hector Balderas v. Koch Foods Inc.
On September 1
 2020
 the Attorney General of the State of New Mexico filed a lawsuit in New Mexico state court against Agri Stats
 Inc. and producer defendants
 including the Company. The case brings claims under the New Mexico Antitrust Act and New Mexico Unfair Trade Practices Act
We intend to continue to defend the lawsuits vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail or the Department of Justice were to pursue charges
 the Company could be liable for damages or other sanctions
 which could have a material
On January 27
 2017
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants
 along with four other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies
 in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. On March 27
 2017
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants
 along with four other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies
 in a second putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. The Court ordered the suits consolidated into one proceeding
 and on July 10
 2017
 the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint. The consolidated amended complaint alleges that the defendants unlawfully conspired by sharing data on compensation paid to broiler farmers
 with the purpose and effect of suppressing the farmers&#8217; compensation below competitive levels. The consolidated amended complaint also alleges that the defendants unlawfully conspired to not solicit or hire the broiler farmers who were providing services to other defendants. The consolidated amended complaint seeks treble damages
 costs and attorneys&#8217; fees. On September 8
 2017
 the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint
 on October 23
 2017
 the plaintiffs filed their response
 and on November 22
 2017
 the defendants filed a reply. On January 19
 2018
On February 21
 2018
 the plaintiffs filed a substantially similar lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina against Sanderson Farms and our subsidiaries and another poultry producer. The plaintiffs subsequently moved to consolidate this action with the Eastern District of Oklahoma action in the Eastern District of Oklahoma for pre-trial proceedings
 with the defendants in support thereof. That motion was denied. On July 13
 2018
 the defendants moved to dismiss the lawsuit in the Eastern District of North Carolina
 and briefing was completed on September 4
 2018. On January 15
 2019
 the Court granted in part the defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss and stayed the action in the Eastern District of North Carolina pending resolution of the action in the Eastern District of Oklahoma. On January 6
 2020
 the Court in the Eastern District of Oklahoma denied defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss. On January 27
 2020
 plaintiffs in the Oklahoma case moved for leave to amend their complaint. The Court in the Eastern District of Oklahoma granted the plaintiffs' motion
 and the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint on February 21
 2020. The Oklahoma case is ongoing. On May 27
 2020
 the Company moved to dismiss the action in the Eastern District of North Carolina under the first-to-file rule. Plaintiffs filed their opposition on June 17
 2020
 and the Company filed its reply on July 1
On September 11
 2020
 additional named grower plaintiffs filed an identical putative class action in the District Court of Colorado against Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and its Foods
 Production
 and Processing Divisions
 as well as the other poultry producer defendants in the Oklahoma action. On October 14
 2020
 Defendants moved to dismiss the case under the first-to-file doctrine because it is substantively identical to the earlier-filed cases pending in Oklahoma and North Carolina. Briefing on that motion was completed on December 16
On September 18
 2020
 another named grower plaintiff filed another duplicate class action in the District Court of Kansas against the same defendants as the Colorado action. On October 13
 2020
 Defendants moved to dismiss the case under the first-to-file doctrine because it is substantively identical to the earlier-filed cases pending in Oklahoma
 North Carolina
 and Colorado. Briefing on that motion was completed on December 15
On October 8
 2020
 new named grower plaintiffs filed another duplicate class action in the Northern District of California against the same defendants as the Colorado and Kansas actions. The Company waived service of the Complaint on December 11
On October 23
 2020
 the District Court of Kansas stayed proceedings in that action (other than those related to the first-to-file motion) pending resolution of the first-to-file motion and the multi-district litigation (MDL) consolidation motion discussed below. On November 12
 2020
On October 6
 2020
 Plaintiffs in the Oklahoma action moved to consolidate all of these duplicative cases into a MDL before the judge presiding over the Oklahoma case. Briefing on that motion was completed on November 6
 2020
 and oral argument on the motion occurred on December 3
 2020. On December 15
 2020
 the panel ordered that all actions be consolidated in the Eastern District of Oklahoma for pretrial proceedings. Given the panel's ruling on consolidation
We intend to defend these cases vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material
On February 21
 2017
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. received an antitrust civil investigative demand from the Office of the Attorney General
 Department of Legal Affairs
 of the State of Florida. Among other things
 the demand seeks information related to the Georgia Dock Index and other information on poultry and poultry products published by the Georgia Department of Agriculture and its Poultry Market News division. The Company is cooperating fully with the investigative demand
 and we have responded to all requests received to date; however
 we are unable to predict its outcome at this time. Separately
received from the Office of the Attorney General
 Department of Legal Affairs
 of the State of Florida
On August 6
 2020
 the Company received a Civil Investigative Demand from the Office of the Attorney General for the State of Washington seeking information in connection with its investigation of possible violations of the Washington Consumer Protection Act and/or the Sherman Act concerning contracts
 combinations
Friends of the Earth
 et al v. Sanderson Farms
On June 22
 2017
 the Company was named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The complaint
 which was brought by three non-profit organizations (the Organic Consumers Association
 Friends of the Earth
 and Center for Food Safety) alleged that the Company is violating the California Unfair Competition Law and the California False Advertising Law by representing that its poultry products are &#8220;100% Natural&#8221; products raised with &#8220;100% Natural&#8221; farming procedures. Among other things
 the plaintiffs alleged that the Company&#8217;s products contain residues of human and animal antibiotics
 other pharmaceuticals
 hormones
 steroids
 and pesticides. Plaintiffs sought an order enjoining the Company from continuing its allegedly unlawful marketing program and requiring the Company to conduct a corrective advertising campaign; an accounting of the Company&#8217;s profits derived from the allegedly unlawful marketing practices; and attorneys&#8217; fees
 costs and interest. On August 2
 2017
 the Company moved to dismiss the lawsuit on various grounds. On August 23
 2017
 the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint
 which included substantially similar allegations as the original complaint
 and the Company filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on September 13
 2017. On February 9
 2018
 the Court denied the Company&#8217;s motion to dismiss. An initial scheduling conference was held on March 1
 2018
 and discovery started thereafter. On June 25
 2018
 the plaintiffs amended their complaint for a second time
 including to remove allegations that the USDA had found the Company&#8217;s chicken samples to contain residues of antibiotics or other substances. On July 9
 2018
 the Company filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint. On July 18
 2018
 during the pendency of that motion
 the parties stipulated to the voluntary dismissal of one of the plaintiff organizations (the Organic Consumers Association). The other two plaintiffs continued to prosecute their claims. On September 11
 2018
 the Court granted the motion to dismiss the second amended complaint with leave to amend the complaint
 and on October 2
 2018
 the remaining plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint. The third amended complaint alleged that the Company misleads consumers with regard to (1) the presence of unnatural residues in its chicken products; (2) the fact that it uses antibiotics in raising its chickens; (3) the conditions in which it raises its chickens; and (4) the risks of human antibiotic resistance caused by the Company&#8217;s use of antibiotics.  On October 16
 2018
 the Company filed a motion to dismiss the third amended complaint
 and on December 3
 2018
 the Court denied that motion. Fact discovery concluded on March 18
 2019. On April 1
 2019
 the Company filed a motion to dismiss for lack of subject matter jurisdiction on grounds that the remaining plaintiffs lacked standing. The Court held a hearing on the Company&#8217;s motion on May 30
 2019. On July 31
 2019
 the Court granted the Company&#8217;s motion without prejudice
 stating that dismissal for lack of standing must be without prejudice
 but denied the plaintiffs leave to amend their complaint. On October 8
 2019

On August 30
 2019
 plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal of the District Court&#8217;s order of dismissal before the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Plaintiffs&#8217; filed their opening brief on appeal on January 8
 2020
 the Company filed its response brief on March 9
 2020
 and Plaintiffs filed their reply brief on April 29
 2020. The Court held oral argument on October 13
 2020. We intend to vigorously defend the appeal. However
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of this action. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company&#8217;s reputation and marketing program could be materially
 adversely affected
 which could have a material
Judy Jien v. Perdue Farms
 Inc.
On August 30
 2019
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and its Foods and Processing Divisions
 as well as seventeen other poultry producers and their affiliates; Agri Stats
 Inc.; and Webber
 Meng
 Sahl and Company
 Inc. (&#8220;WMS&#8221;)
 were named in a putative class action filed in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. Three other nearly identical putative class action complaints
 each seeking to represent the same putative class
 also were filed. The complaints
 brought on behalf of non-supervisory production and maintenance employees at broiler chicken processing plants
 alleged that the defendants unlawfully conspired by agreeing to fix and depress the compensation paid to them
 including hourly wages and compensation benefits
 from January 1
 2009 to the present. The plaintiffs claim that broiler producers shared competitively sensitive wage and benefits compensation information in three ways: (1) attending in-person meetings in Destin
 Florida; (2) receiving Agri Stats reports
On November 12
 2019
 the Court ordered that the four putative class action complaints would be consolidated for all pretrial purposes. The Court ordered plaintiffs to file their consolidated complaint on or before November 14
 2019. Defendants&#8217; motions to dismiss the consolidated complaint were filed on November 22
 2019. Briefing was scheduled to be completed on or before February 28
 2020; however
 after the defendants filed their motions to dismiss
 on November 26
 2019
 plaintiffs notified defendants that they intended to file an amended consolidated complaint. Plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated complaint on December 20
 2019. Plaintiffs name as defendants Sanderson Farms
Divisions
 as well as ten other broiler chicken producers and their affiliates; three turkey producers and their affiliates; Agri Stats
 Inc.; and WMS. Plaintiffs bring their amended consolidated complaint on behalf of employees at broiler chicken and turkey processing plants and allege that the defendants unlawfully conspired by agreeing to fix and depress the compensation paid to them. On January 9
 2020 and January 27
 2020
 the court approved the voluntary dismissal without prejudice of two of the three nearly identical putative class action lawsuits. On March 12
 2020
On March 2
 2020
 defendants moved to dismiss the amended consolidated complaint. The Company also filed an individual motion to dismiss plaintiffs&#8217; claims against the Company. Plaintiffs&#8217; oppositions were originally due on April 24
 2020 and defendants&#8217; replies were due on May 21
 2020. However
 on March 20
 2020
 the District of Maryland issued Second Amended Standing Order 2020-02
 extending all filing deadlines set to fall between March 16
 2020 and April 24
 2020 by 42 days. On April 10
 2020
 the District of Maryland issued Standing Order 2020-07
 extending all filing deadlines set to fall between March 16
 2020 and June 5
 2020 by 84 days. On May 22
 2020
 the District of Maryland issued Standing Order 2020-11
 which affirmed the prior Order's 84-day extension but did not extend deadlines further. Pursuant to Standing Order 2020-07
 plaintiffs&#8217; filed their omnibus opposition to defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss on July 17
 2020. Defendants filed replies on August 13
 2020. On September 16
 2020
 the court granted in part and denied in part defendants&#8217; motion without prejudice
 finding that plaintiffs&#8217; allegations against certain defendant corporate families
 including the Company
 were deficient. On October 16
 2020
 plaintiffs moved for leave to file a second amended complaint. Defendants must answer or move to dismiss the second amended complaint by December 18
 2020. Briefing on motions to dismiss the second amended complaint will be complete by February 25
 2021. No discovery has taken place to date. We intend to defend this case vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material
La Fosse
 et al. v. Sanderson Farms
On October 11
 2019
 three named plaintiffs (Daniel Lentz
 Pam La Fosse
 and Marybeth Norman) filed
 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California
 a nationwide class action against the Company on behalf of a putative class of all individuals and businesses throughout the United States who purchased one or more of the Company's chicken products in the prior four years. The lawsuit alleges that the named plaintiffs and other class members purchased the Company's chicken products based on misleading representations in the Company&#8217;s advertising. Specifically
 the plaintiffs in this case allege that the Company&#8217;s advertising (including
 but not limited to
 on its website
 television commercials
 radio advertisements
 social media
 print magazines
 billboards
 and trucks) misleads consumers into believing that (i) the Company&#8217;s chickens were not given antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals
 (ii) the chickens were raised in a &#8220;natural&#8221; environment
 (iii) there is no evidence that the use of antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals in poultry contributes to the evolution of antibiotic-resistant bacteria
 and (iv) the Company&#8217;s chicken products do not contain antibiotic or pharmaceutical residues. Plaintiffs allege that (i) the Company &#8220;routinely&#8221; feeds antibiotics and pharmaceuticals to its chickens
 (ii) the Company raises its chickens indoors in &#8220;unnatural&#8221; indoor conditions amounting to &#8220;intensive confinement&#8221; and without natural light (iii) there is &#8220;extensive&#8221; reliable evidence that the use of antibiotics in poultry contributes to antibiotic-resistant bacteria
 and (iv) the Company&#8217;s chickens have been found to contain antibiotic and pharmaceutical residue. The original Complaint asserted five causes of action under California and North Carolina law. The plaintiffs sought injunctive relief directing the Company to correct its practices and to comply with consumer protection laws nationwide. The plaintiffs also sought monetary damages
 as well as fees and costs. On December 20
 2019
 the Company filed a motion to dismiss. On February 10
 2020
 the Court granted the motion to dismiss in part
 denied it in part
 and granted the plaintiffs leave to amend the Complaint. On March 23
 2020
 two of the three original plaintiffs (Pam La Fosse and Marybeth Norman) filed a First Amended Complaint in which they were joined by five additional named plaintiffs purporting to assert claims on behalf of a putative nationwide class of consumers and businesses who purchased the Company's chicken products in the prior four years. The core allegations and theories set forth in the First Amended Complaint are the same as in the original complaint. The First Amended Complaint asserted one cause of action under federal law and sixteen causes of action under the laws of various states. The plaintiffs again sought injunctive relief directing the Company to correct its practices and to comply with consumer protection laws nationwide
 as well as monetary damages
 fees and costs. On May 6
 2020
 the Company filed a partial motion to dismiss the First Amended Complaint
 which the Court granted on July 2
 2020 with leave to amend. On July 23
 2020
 plaintiffs Pam La Fosse and Sharon Manier filed a Second Amended Complaint on behalf of a putative class of consumers who purchased the Company's chicken in California in the prior four years. Like the earlier iterations of the complaint
 the Second Amended Complaint alleges that the remaining plaintiffs and other class members purchased the Company's chicken products based on misleading representations in the Company's advertising
 including for the reasons set forth in their prior complaints. The plaintiffs again seek injunctive relief
 monetary damages
 fees and costs. On August 6
2020
 the Company moved to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint in part
 requesting dismissal of plaintiffs' new implied warranty of merchantability claim. On August 20
 2020
 plaintiffs voluntarily agreed to withdraw their new implied warranty claim. Discovery commenced in October 2020. We intend to defend this case vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material
In Defense of Animals
 et al. v. Sanderson Farms
On July 31
 2020
 two non-profit organizations (In Defense of Animals and Friends of the Earth) filed a complaint against the Company in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The complaint asserts substantially similar (and in many cases identical) allegations and claims against the Company as the prior case brought by Friends of the Earth and other organizations
Specifically
 the plaintiffs assert that the Company violates the California Unfair Competition Law and the California False Advertising Law by representing that its poultry products are &#8220;100% Natural&#8221; products raised with &#8220;100% Natural&#8221; farming procedures.  Plaintiffs allege that the Company&#8217;s advertising (including
 but not limited to
 on its website
 television commercials
 radio advertisements
 social media
 print magazines
 billboards
 and trucks) misleads consumers into believing that (i) the Company&#8217;s chickens were not given antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals
 (ii) the chickens were raised in a &#8220;natural&#8221; environment
 (iii) there is no evidence that the use of antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals in poultry contributes to the evolution of antibiotic-resistant bacteria
 and (iv) the Company&#8217;s chicken products do not contain antibiotic or pharmaceutical residues. Plaintiffs allege that (i) the Company &#8220;routinely&#8221; feeds antibiotics and pharmaceuticals to its chickens
 (ii) the Company raises its chickens indoors in &#8220;unnatural&#8221; indoor conditions amounting to &#8220;intensive confinement&#8221; and without natural light
 (iii) there is &#8220;extensive&#8221; reliable evidence that the use of antibiotics in poultry contributes to antibiotic-resistant bacteria
 and (iv) the Company&#8217;s chickens have been found to contain antibiotic and pharmaceutical residue.  The plaintiffs seek injunctive relief directing the Company to correct its practices and to comply with consumer protection laws nationwide as well as in the form of a corrective advertising campaign. The plaintiffs also seek fees and costs. On August 12
 2020
 the Company agreed to waive service of the complaint. The parties have agreed to stay the case at least through the earlier of April 2
 2021
 or the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit's decision in the pending appeal in the prior case brought by Friends of the Earth and other organizations. No discovery has taken place to date. We intend to defend this case vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material
On January 30
 2017
 the Company received a letter from an attorney representing a putative shareholder demanding that the Company take action against current and/or former officers and directors of the Company for alleged breach of their fiduciary duties. The shareholder asserted that the officers and directors (i) failed to take any action to stop the alleged antitrust conspiracy described above
 despite their alleged knowledge of the conspiracy
 and (ii) made and/or caused the Company to make materially false and misleading statements by failing to disclose the alleged conspiracy. The shareholder also asserted that certain directors engaged in &#8220;insider sales&#8221; from which they improperly benefited. In addition to demanding that the officers and directors be sued
 the shareholder also demanded that the Company adopt unspecified corporate governance improvements. On February 9
 2017
 pursuant to statutory procedures available in connection with demands of this type
 the Company&#8217;s board of directors appointed a special committee of qualified directors to determine
 after conducting a reasonable inquiry
 whether it was in the Company&#8217;s best interests to pursue any of the actions demanded in the shareholder&#8217;s letter. On April 26
 2017
 the special committee reported to the Company&#8217;s board of directors its determination that it was not in the Company&#8217;s best interests to take any of the demanded actions at that time
 and that no governance improvements related to the subject matter of the demand were needed. On May 5
 2017
 the special committee&#8217;s counsel informed the shareholder&#8217;s counsel of the committee&#8217;s determination. As of the date of filing of this report
 and to the Company&#8217;s knowledge
The Company is involved in various other claims and litigation incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be determined with certainty
 management
 upon the advice of counsel
 is of the opinion that the final outcome of currently pending matters
 other than those discussed above
The Company recognizes the costs of legal defense for the legal proceedings to which it is a party in the periods incurred. After a considerable analysis of each case
 the Company has determined that no accrual is required for any of the foregoing matters as of October 31
 2020. Future reserves may be required if losses are deemed reasonably estimable and probable due to changes in the Company&#8217;s assumptions
 the effectiveness of legal strategies
(In thousands
823
844
956
940
12
90
91
38
6
32
27
(In thousands
743
845
945
906
34
104
121
18
17
40
53
22
During the second quarter of fiscal 2020
 when the CARES Act was enacted
&#160;million related to net operating loss carry-back provisions
 which affects the comparability of the net income (loss) lines in the tables above. For a more detailed discussion of the Company's income taxes
During fiscal 2018

 per share. In accordance with ASC 505-30
 the Company elected to allocate the excess of the repurchase price over par value between paid-in capital and retained earnings. As a result
 common stock repurchases during fiscal 2019 or fiscal 2020
 except for those made pursuant to the Company's Stock Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated on February 13
 2020
The Company
 using the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 842
 Leases
 determines if an agreement is a lease at the inception of the agreement
 and when a lease exists
 we follow the guidance in ASC 842 to determine whether the lease is an operating or finance lease. The Company is a party to certain agreements that are classified as operating leases
 and those are recorded on our consolidated balance sheet as right-of-use assets
 current lease liabilities
The initial assets and corresponding liabilities recorded at commencement of our operating leases are based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term. In determining the present value
 we use the implicit interest rate in the agreement
 if provided. If an implicit interest rate is not provided
 we determine the present value of the future minimum lease payments using our incremental borrowing rate based on available information at the lease commencement. When lease agreements contain residual value guarantees that are considered probable
 those are included in calculating the amount of lease liabilities to record. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term with a corresponding reduction to the right-of-use asset and the applicable lease liability. Lease expense is classified as cost of sales or selling
The operating leases to which the Company is a party are primarily related to transportation equipment
 equipment used in production processes and the assets of independent contract producers who house our live birds. A significant portion of the costs associated with leases related to the use of assets of independent contract poultry producers who house and care for our live birds are for non-lease components of our agreements with such producers. Non-lease components of payments made to independent contract poultry producers include those related to the operating costs of
 and services provided by
 such producers. For costs associated with such leases
 we elected to account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component
15
3
421
440
(1) Variable lease costs are attributable to payments made to independent contract poultry producers and are based on or influenced by output received from contract producers
 birds placed
13
54
Weighted-average remaining lease term as of October 31
Weighted-average discount rate as of October 31
The future maturities of obligations under non-cancelable operating leases at October 31
14
12
8
4
2
43
2
40
Sanderson Farms
Year Ended October 31
1
1
Year Ended October 31
3
2
1
Year Ended October 31
3
3
The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company&#8217;s Securities Exchange Act reports is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC&#8217;s rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company&#8217;s management
 including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 as appropriate
As of October&#160;31
 2020
 an evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company&#8217;s management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation
 the Company&#8217;s management
 including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 concluded that the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of October&#160;31
There have been no changes in the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting during the fourth quarter ended October&#160;31
 2020
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
The Company&#8217;s management
 with the participation of the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company&#8217;s management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of October&#160;31
 2020. In making this assessment
 we used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control &#8212; Integrated Framework (2013 framework). Based on our assessment we have concluded that
 as of October&#160;31
 2020
Our independent registered public accounting firm
 Ernst&#160;&amp; Young LLP
 has provided an attestation report on the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of October&#160;31
To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Sanderson Farms
We have audited Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Subsidiaries&#8217; internal control over financial reporting as of October&#160;31
 2020
 based on criteria established in Internal Control&#8212;Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of October&#160;31
 2020
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of October&#160;31
 2020 and 2019
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended October&#160;31
 2020
 and the related notes and schedule and our report dated December&#160;17
 2020
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
New Orleans
December&#160;17
Item 10.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Directors
As permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K
The Registrant also incorporates by reference
 as permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K
The Registrant has a standing audit committee established in accordance with Section&#160;3(a)(58)(A) of the Exchange Act
 whose members are Suzanne T. Mestayer (Chair)
 Phil K. Livingston
 (Vice Chair)
 John H. Baker
 III
 Fred Banks
 Jr.
 David Barksdale
 Edith Kelly-Green
 and Gail J. Pittman. All members of the audit committee are independent directors under the listing standards of the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC. The Registrant&#8217;s Board of Directors has determined that Edith Kelly-Green
The Registrant has adopted a code of ethics that applies to its senior financial personnel
 including its chief executive officer
Sanderson Farms
Laurel
As permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K
As permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K
 reference is made to the information concerning beneficial ownership of the Registrant&#8217;s Common Stock
 which is the only class of the Registrant&#8217;s voting securities
The following table provides information as of October&#160;31
 2020
 with respect to compensation plans (including individual compensation arrangements) under which equity securities of the Registrant are authorized for issuance. The Registrant has no equity compensation plan not approved by security holders. All outstanding awards were issued under the Registrant&#8217;s Stock Incentive Plan approved by shareholders on February&#160;17
 2005
 as most recently amended and approved by shareholders on February&#160;13
 2020. No further options or other awards may be granted under the Stock Option Plan. There are 4
800
outstanding options
110
931
110
931
This column reflects 110
814 unearned performance shares at October&#160;31
 2020
 at the maximum level. However
 management could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria is probable for those unearned performance shares. This column does not include the 13
055 fiscal 2018 performance shares that were issued on October 31
This column reflects the 1
444
816 shares of restricted stock granted to participants under the Stock Incentive Plan
 the 314
596 shares of restricted stock purchased by or granted to participants under the MSPP provisions of the Stock Incentive Plan
 the 920
613 earned performance shares that have been issued or are expected to be issued under the Stock Incentive Plan
 and the 110
814 unearned outstanding performance shares that could be earned as described in footnote (1) above
 in each case since the inception of the plan and net of forfeitures
As permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K
 information
 if any
 required to be reported by Item&#160;13 of Form 10-K
 with respect to transactions with management and others
 certain business relationships
 indebtedness of management
 and transactions with promoters
 is set forth in the Registrant&#8217;s definitive proxy statement filed or to be filed with the Commission pursuant to Rule 14a-6(b). Such information
 if any
As permitted by General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K
Consolidated Balance Sheets &#8212; October&#160;31
Consolidated Statements of Operations &#8212; Years ended October&#160;31
 2020
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Equity &#8212; Years ended October&#160;31
 2020
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows &#8212; Years ended October&#160;31
 2020
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#8212; October&#160;31
All other schedules are omitted as they are not required
Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended on July 31
By-Laws of the Registrant
 amended and restated as of October 24
 2017. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K on October 24
Description of capital stock. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan
 as amended and restated effective November 1
 2013.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
First Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of July 23
 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Second Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of May 2
 2016. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Third Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of October 20
 2016. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Fourth Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of January 19
 2017. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31
Fifth Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of October 19
 2017. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Sixth Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of January 16
 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Seventh Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of October 29
Eighth Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of July 16
 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated on February 13
 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registrant's registration statement on Form S-8 filed by the Registrant on February 27
 2020
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. Bonus Award Program Effective November 1
 2019.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K on February 18
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. Supplemental Disability Plan effective September 1
 2008. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 1
Form of Share Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and its non-employee directors who participate in its management share purchase plan
 as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30
Form of Share Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who participate in its management share purchase plan
 as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended April 30
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who are granted restricted stock with a four-year vesting period (for awards granted on or after November 1
 2013).  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its non-employee directors who are granted restricted stock
 as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended April 30
Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2018). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2019). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2020). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Employment Agreement dated as of November 1
 2015 between the Registrant and Joe F. Sanderson
 Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A on January 13
Employment Agreement dated as of November 1
 2015 between the Registrant and Lampkin Butts. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A on January 13
Employment Agreement dated as of November 1
 2015 between the Registrant and D. Michael Cockrell. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 2
Lease Agreement dated as of December 1
 2004
 between Moultrie-Colquitt County Development Authority
 as Lessor
 and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division) as Lessee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Bond Purchase Loan Agreement between Moultrie-Colquitt County Development Authority
 as Issuer
 and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division)
 as Purchaser. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Credit Agreement
 dated March 21
 2019
 by and among Sanderson Farms
 Inc.
 BMO Harris Bank
 N.A. as agent for the Banks defined therein
 and the Banks party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 27
Guaranty Agreement dated March 21
 2019 of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Foods Division)
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 27
Lease Agreement dated as of July 1
 2006
 between Adel Industrial Development Authority as Lessor
 and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) as Lessee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Bond Purchase Agreement dated as of July 31
 2006
 between Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) as Purchaser and Adel Industrial Development Authority as Issuer. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Any statement contained in this Annual Report concerning the contents of any contract or other document filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report or incorporated herein by reference is not necessarily complete
Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended on July 31
By-Laws of the Registrant
 amended and restated as of October 24
 2017. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K on October 24
Description of capital stock. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan
 as amended and restated effective November 1
 2013.  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
First Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of July 23
 2014. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Second Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of May 2
 2016. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Third Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of October 20
 2016. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Fourth Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of January 19
 2017. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended January 31
Fifth Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of October 19
 2017. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Sixth Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of January 16
 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Seventh Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of October 29
Eighth Amendment to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Employee Stock Ownership Plan dated as of July 16
 2020. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated on February 
 20
 20
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. Bonus Award Program Effective November 1
 201
Sanderson Farms
 Inc. Supplemental Disability Plan effective September 1
 2008. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit&#160;10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on October 1
Form of Share Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and its non-employee directors who participate in its management share purchase plan
 as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30
Form of Share Purchase Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who participate in its management share purchase plan
 as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the Quarter ended April 30
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its officers and employees who are granted restricted stock with a four-year vesting period (for awards granted on or after November 1
 2013).  (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement between the Registrant and its non-employee directors who are granted restricted stock
 as amended. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form&#160;10-Q for the quarter ended April 30
Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2018). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2019). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Form of Performance Share Agreement between the Registrant and its employees who are granted performance shares (for fiscal 2020). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Employment Agreement dated as of November 1
 2015 between the Registrant and Joe F. Sanderson
 Jr. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A on January 13
Employment Agreement dated as of November 1
 2015 between the Registrant and Lampkin Butts. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A on January 13
Employment Agreement dated as of November 1
 2015 between the Registrant and D. Michael Cockrell. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K on November 2
Lease Agreement dated as of December 1
 2004
 between Moultrie-Colquitt County Development Authority
 as Lessor
 and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division) as Lessee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Bond Purchase Loan Agreement between Moultrie-Colquitt County Development Authority
 as Issuer
 and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division)
 as Purchaser. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Credit Agreement
 dated March 21
 2019
 by and among Sanderson Farms
 Inc.
 BMO Harris Bank
 N.A. as agent for the Banks defined therein
 and the Banks party thereto. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 27
Guaranty Agreement dated March 21
 2019 of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Foods Division)
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Processing Division). (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K on March 27
Lease Agreement dated as of July 1
 2006
 between Adel Industrial Development Authority as Lessor
 and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) as Lessee. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
Bond Purchase Agreement dated as of July 31
 2006
 between Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (Production Division) as Purchaser and Adel Industrial Development Authority as Issuer. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Registrant&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 31
List of Subsidiaries of the Registrant. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 21 to the Registrant&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended October 31
Pursuant to the requirements of Section&#160;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
SANDERSON FARMS
/s/ Joe F. Sanderson
Date: December&#160;17
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
/s/ Joe F. Sanderson
Joe F. Sanderson
 Jr.
Lampkin Butts
 Director
D. Michael Cockrell
Director
 Treasurer
Tim Rigney
/s/ John H. Baker
John H. Baker
 III
/s/ Fred Banks
Fred Banks
 Jr.
David Barksdale
John Bierbusse
Toni Cooley
Beverly Wade Hogan
Edith Kelly-Green
Phil K. Livingston
Suzanne T. Mestayer
Sonia P&#233;rez
Gail Jones Pittman













SANDERSON FARMS
THIS SEVENTH AMENDMENT is made and entered into by Sanderson Farms
WHEREAS
 the Corporation maintains the Sanderson Farms
WHEREAS
 the Corporation desires to revise the provisions the Plan regarding minimum required distributions in accordance with changes in law
 effective as of January 1
NOW
 THEREFORE
 pursuant to the provisions of Section 12.1 of the Plan
 the Plan is hereby amended
 effective as of January 1
 2020
(a)        Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan other than Section 15.6
 with respect to a Participant who died prior to January 1
 2020
 the Participant&#8217;s Accounts shall be distributed
 beginning not later than the Required Beginning Date
(b)        Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan other than Section 15.6
 with respect to a Participant who died on or after January 1
 2020
 the Participant&#8217;s Accounts shall be distributed beginning not later than the Required Beginning Date in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary (i) over the life of the Participant (or over a period not extending beyond the life of the Participant)&#59; (ii) over the life of the Participant and entirely within five (5) years after the death of the Participant if there is no designated Beneficiary&#59; (iii) over the life of the Participant and within ten (10) years after the death of the Participant if there is a designated Beneficiary who is not an Eligible Designated Beneficiary&#59; (iv) over the life of the Participant and over the life of an Eligible Designated Beneficiary (or over a period not extending beyond the life expectancy of the Participant or the life expectancy of the Eligible Designated Beneficiary) beginning not later than the date the Participant would have attained age seventy-two (72) if the Participant&#8217;s spouse is the sole designated Beneficiary or not later than one (1) year after the Participant&#8217;s death in all other cases. If an Eligible Designated Beneficiary dies before receiving distribution of the Beneficiary&#8217;s entire interest in the Participant&#8217;s Accounts
 the Plan will distribute that interest in full within ten (10) years after the death of the Eligible Designated Beneficiary. The term &#8220;Eligible Designated Beneficiary&#8221; means a Participant&#8217;s designated Beneficiary who qualifies as an eligible designated beneficiary under Code Section 401(a)(9)(E)(ii). Certain trusts may be treated as Eligible Designated Beneficiaries pursuant to Code Section 401(a)(9)(H)(iv) and (v). Notwithstanding the foregoing
 when a child of the Participant reaches the age of majority
(c)        With respect to a Participant who has attained age seventy and one-half (70&#189;) before January 1
 2020
 the term &#8220;Required Beginning Date&#8221; means April 1 of the calendar year following the later of (i) the calendar year in which the Participant attains age seventy and one-half (70&#189;)
 or (ii) the calendar year in which the Participant retires
 except that clause (ii) shall not apply in the case of a Participant who is a five percent (5%) owner (as defined in Code Section 416) with respect to the Plan Year ending in the calendar year in which the Participant attains the age of seventy and one-half (70&#189;). Notwithstanding the foregoing
(d)       With respect to a Participant who has attained age seventy-two (72) on or after January 1
 2020
 the term &#8220;Required Beginning Date&#8221; means April 1 of the calendar year following the later of (i) the calendar year in which the Participant attains age seventy-two (72)
 or (ii) the calendar year in which the Participant retires
Notwithstanding Section 7.5
Except as otherwise provided in this Seventh Amendment
 the provisions of the Plan shall remain in full force and effect.
 the undersigned has executed this Seventh Amendment to the Plan on this 29th day of October
 2020
SANDERSON FARMS
 INC.











SANDERSON FARMS
This PERFORMANCE SHARE AGREEMENT (this &#34;Agreement&#34;)
 made and entered into as of the 1st day of November
 2020 (the &#34;Grant Date&#34;)
 by and between  (the &#34;Participant&#34;) and Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (together with its subsidiaries and affiliates
 the &#34;Company&#34;)
 sets forth the terms and conditions of a Performance Share Award issued pursuant to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated on February 13
(a)        As a reward for past service and in consideration of and as an incentive to the Participant&#8217;s performance of future services on behalf of the Company
 and for no additional consideration
 the Company hereby grants to the Participant
 as of the Grant Date
 the right to receive at the end of the Restricted Period (hereinafter defined) that certain number of shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 par value $1.00 per share (the &#34;Performance Shares&#34;)
 determined in accordance with Section 2 below
 subject to the further terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Plan.  The right to receive Performance Shares is subject to forfeiture as provided herein and may not be sold
 exchanged
 transferred
 pledged
 hypothecated or otherwise disposed of by the Participant
 other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution of the state in which the Participant resides on the date of Participant&#8217;s death.  The &#8220;Performance Period&#8221; means the two (2) fiscal years of the Company commencing November 1
 2020.  The &#8220;Restricted Period&#8221; means the three (3) fiscal years of the Company commencing November 1
(b)        Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Plan
 the right to receive Performance Shares shall vest and no longer be subject to forfeiture or any transfer restrictions hereunder at the end of the Restricted Period
(c)        In the event of (i) the Participant's termination of employment with the Company by reason of death or Disability
 (ii) Participant&#8217;s termination of employment with the Company after Participant&#8217;s attainment of eligibility for retirement (as determined by the Board from time to time) by reason of retirement
 or (iii) a Change of Control prior to the end of the Restricted Period
 the Participant shall be entitled to receive
 at the end of the Restricted Period
 a pro rata portion of the number of Performance Shares to which Participant otherwise would have been entitled
 determined in accordance with the ratio that the number of months the Participant was employed with the Company during the Performance Period bears to the total number of months in the Performance Period.  If the Participant&#8217;s employment with the Company is terminated for any other reason
 voluntarily or involuntarily
 prior to the expiration of the Restricted Period
(d)        If the Board determines in good faith that the Participant has engaged in any Detrimental Activity during the period that the Participant is employed by the Company or during the two (2) year period following the Participant&#8217;s voluntary termination of employment or Participant&#8217;s termination by the Company for Cause
 then as of the date of the Board&#8217;s determination
 the Participant&#8217;s right to receive Performance Shares shall be forfeited or
 if the Performance Shares have already been issued
(a)        The Participant&#8217;s Performance Share Award is a function of Participant&#8217;s &#8220;Target ROE Award&#8221; and Participant&#8217;s &#8220;Target ROS Award
            (b)        At the end of the Performance Period
 the Board (or its permitted delegate) will calculate the Company&#8217;s Return on Equity for each of its fiscal years during the Performance Period and divide the sum by that number of years (the &#8220;Average ROE&#8221;).  &#8220;Return on Equity&#8221; means (i) the Company&#8217;s net after-tax income for the fiscal year in question
 divided by (ii) the average of the shareholders&#8217; equity as of the end of the preceding fiscal year and the shareholders&#8217; equity as of the end of the fiscal year in question
 in each case as shown in the Company&#8217;s audited financial statements (provided that if there is any change in accounting standards used by the Company after the Grant Date
 Return on Equity will be calculated without regard to such change).  The Participant&#8217;s &#8220;Threshold ROE&#8221; is 8.0 percent&#59; Participant&#8217;s &#8220;Target ROE&#8221; is 14.7 percent&#59; and Participant&#8217;s &#8220;Maximum ROE&#8221; is 23.5 percent.  If
 at the end of the Performance Period
 the Company&#8217;s Average ROE is equal to the Threshold ROE
 the Participant will be entitled to receive fifty percent (50%) of the Target ROE Award&#59; if the Company&#8217;s Average ROE is equal to the Target ROE
 the Participant will be entitled to receive one hundred percent (100%) of the Target ROE Award&#59; and if the Company&#8217;s Average ROE is equal to or greater than the Maximum ROE
 the Participant will be entitled to receive two hundred percent (200%) of the Target ROE Award.  If the Company&#8217;s Average ROE is otherwise between the Threshold ROE and the Maximum ROE
 the number of Performance Shares that the Participant is entitled to receive will be calculated using a straight-line interpolation.  If the Company&#8217;s Average ROE is less than the Threshold ROE
(c)        Likewise
 at the end of the Performance Period
 the Board (or its permitted delegate) will calculate the Company&#8217;s Return on Sales for each of its fiscal years during the Performance Period and divide the sum by that number of years (the &#8220;Average ROS&#8221;).  &#8220;Return on Sales&#8221; means the Company&#8217;s net after-tax income for the fiscal year in question divided by its net sales for such fiscal year
 in each case as shown in the Company&#8217;s audited financial statements (provided that if there is any change in accounting standards used by the Company after the Grant Date
 Return on Sales will be calculated without regard to such change).  The Participant&#8217;s &#8220;Threshold ROS&#8221; is 1.8 percent&#59; Participant&#8217;s &#8220;Target ROS&#8221; is 4.4 percent&#59; and Participant&#8217;s &#8220;Maximum ROS&#8221; is 7.0 percent.  If
 at the end of the Performance Period
Company&#8217;s Average ROS is equal to the Threshold ROS
 the Participant will be entitled to receive fifty percent (50%) of the Target ROS Award&#59; if the Company&#8217;s Average ROS is equal to the Target ROS
 the Participant will be entitled to receive one hundred percent (100%) of the Target ROS Award&#59; and if the Company&#8217;s Average ROS is equal to or greater than the Maximum ROS
 the Participant will be entitled to receive two hundred percent (200%) of the Target ROS Award.  If the Company&#8217;s Average ROS is otherwise between the Threshold ROS and the Maximum ROS
 the number of Performance Shares that the Participant is entitled to receive will be calculated using a straight-line interpolation.  If the Company&#8217;s Average ROS is less than the Threshold ROS
(d)        Within thirty (30) days of the end of the Restricted Period
 certificates representing the Performance Shares that the Participant is entitled to receive shall be registered in the Participant&#8217;s name and be delivered to the Participant (or an appropriate book entry shall be made)
 subject to Section 6 pertaining to the withholding of taxes and Section 14 pertaining to the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (the &#8220;Securities Act&#8221;)&#59; provided
 however
 that the Board may cause such legend or legends to be placed on any such certificates as it may deem advisable under Applicable Law.  Fractional shares will be issued where necessary.  Upon issuance
 Performance Shares will be fully vested and transferable
(e)        If the Performance Share Award is intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended (the &#8220;Code&#8221;)
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or the Plan
 until the issuance of Performance Shares to Participant
 the Participant shall have
 with respect to the Performance Shares
 none of the rights of a stockholder of the Company
If any change in corporate capitalization
 such as a stock split
 reverse stock split
 stock dividend
 or any corporate transaction such as a reorganization
 reclassification
 merger or consolidation or separation
 including a spin-off of the Company or sale or other disposition by the Company of all or a portion of its assets
 any other change in the Company&#8217;s corporate structure
 or any distribution to stockholders (other than a cash dividend) results in the outstanding Shares
 or any securities exchanged therefor or received in their place
 being exchanged for a different number or class of shares or other securities of the Company
 or for shares of stock or other securities of any other corporation
 or new
outstanding Shares
The Performance Shares have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the Company and when issued will be validly issued
As soon as practicable on or after the date as of which an amount first becomes includible in the gross income of the Participant for federal income tax purposes with respect to this Award of Performance Shares
 the Participant shall pay to the Company
 or make arrangements satisfactory to the Company regarding the payment of
 or the Company may deduct or withhold from any cash or property payable to the Participant
 an amount equal to all federal
 state
 local and foreign taxes that are required by Applicable Law to be withheld with respect to such includible amount.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein
 the Participant may
 if the Company consents
 discharge this withholding obligation by directing the Company to withhold Performance Shares having a Fair Market Value on the date that the withholding obligation is incurred equal to the amount of tax required to be withheld in connection therewith
Any notice to the Company provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be addressed to it in care of its Secretary at its principal executive offices
 and any notice to the Participant shall be addressed to the Participant at the current address shown on the payroll records of the Company.  Any notice shall be deemed to be duly given if and when hand delivered
 when sent via registered or certified U.S. Mail
 postage prepaid
 return receipt requested
.  If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes or is deemed invalid
 illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction
 or would disqualify the Plan or this Agreement under any law with respect to which the Plan or this Agreement is intended to qualify
 or would cause compensation deferred under the Plan to be includible in a Plan participant&#8217;s gross income pursuant to Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code
 as determined by the Board
 such provision shall be construed or deemed amended to conform to Applicable Law or
 if it cannot be construed or deemed amended without
 in the determination of the Board
 materially altering the intent of the Plan or the Agreement
.  Where the context admits
 words in any gender shall include the other gender
.  To the extent not preempted by federal law
            This Agreement and the Performance Share Award made pursuant hereto are subject to
 and this Agreement hereby incorporates and makes a part hereof
 all terms and conditions of the Plan that are applicable to Agreements and Awards generally and to Performance Share Awards in particular.  The Board has the right to interpret
 construe and administer the Plan
 this Agreement and the Performance Share Award made pursuant hereto.  All acts
 determinations and decisions of the Board (including its Compensation Committee) made or taken pursuant to grants of authority under the Plan or with respect to any questions arising in connection with the administration and interpretation of the Plan
 including the severability of any and all of the provisions thereof and the calculation of the Average ROE
 Average ROS
 and the number of Performance Shares that the Participant is entitled to receive pursuant to this Agreement
 shall be in the Board&#8217;s sole discretion and shall be conclusive
 final and binding upon all parties
 including the Company
 its stockholders
 Participants
 Eligible Participants and their estates
Neither this Agreement nor the issuance of any Performance Shares shall confer on the Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment or other service with the Company.  Except as may otherwise be limited by a written agreement between the Company and the Participant
 and acknowledged by the Participant
 the right of the Company to terminate at will the Participant&#8217;s employment with it at any time (whether by dismissal
 discharge
This Agreement and the other documents referred to herein
 including the Plan
 or delivered pursuant hereto
 contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to their subject matter.  There are no restrictions
 agreements
 promises
 representations
 warranties
 covenants or undertakings with respect to the subject matter hereof other than those expressly set forth herein and restrictions imposed by the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.  This Agreement
 including the Plan
This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts
 each of which shall be deemed an original
The Board may
 at any time
 without consent of or receiving further consideration from the Participant
in response to
 or to comply with changes in
 Applicable law.  To the extent not inconsistent with the terms of the Plan
 the Board may
 at any time
(a)       The issuance and delivery of the Performance Share Award to the Participant have been registered under the Securities Act by a Registration Statement on Form S-8 that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (&#34;SEC&#34;) and has become effective.  The Participant acknowledges receipt from the Company of its Prospectus dated February 27
 2020
(b)       If the Participant is an &#34;affiliate&#34; of the Company
 which generally means a director
 executive officer or holder of 10% or more of its outstanding shares
 at the time certificates representing Performance Shares are delivered to the Participant
 such certificates shall bear the following legend
&#8220;THESE SHARES MUST NOT BE OFFERED FOR SALE
 SOLD
 ASSIGNED OR TRANSFERRED EXCEPT IN A TRANSACTION WHICH
 IN THE OPINION OF COUNSEL FOR THE ISSUER
The Company shall remove such legend upon request by the Participant if
 at the time of such request
 the shares are eligible for sale under SEC Rule 144(b)(1)
 or any provision that has replaced it
            ANY CONTROVERSIES
 CLAIMS OR DISPUTES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT
 MUST BE RESOLVED BY FINAL AND BINDING ARBITRATION.  SUCH ARBITRATION SHALL BE BEFORE A SINGLE ARBITRATOR CHOSEN UNDER AMERICAN ARBITRATION ASSOCIATION (&#8220;AAA&#8221;) RULES AT A LOCATION AGREED TO BY THE PARTIES
 OR IF THE PARTIES FAIL TO AGREE
 IN LAUREL
 MISSISSIPPI.  SUCH ARBITRATION SHALL BE BINDING UPON BOTH PARTICIPANT AND COMPANY AND SHALL BE CONDUCTED BY THE AAA UNDER ITS RULES
 INCLUDING THE SELECTION OF THE ARBITRATOR
 WHICH SHALL BE ACCOMPLISHED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE RULES OF THE AAA.  THE AWARD RENDERED BY THE ARBITRATOR SHALL BE FINAL
 AND JUDGMENT MAY BE ENTERED UPON IT IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW IN ANY COURT HAVING JURISDICTION THEREOF.  THE PARTIES FURTHER AGREE THAT THE PREVAILING PARTY IN SUCH ARBITRATION SHALL BE ENTITLED TO RECOVER THE COSTS OF SUCH ARBITRATION FROM THE OTHER PARTY INCLUDING
NOT LIMITED TO
THE ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE IN PARTICIPANT&#8217;S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY
 AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE CAPACITY.  THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE OR JOIN THE CLAIMS OF OTHER PERSONS WHO MAY BE SIMILARLY SITUATED.  PARTICIPANT AGREES THAT TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW&#58;  (1) ANY AND ALL DISPUTES
 CLAIMS
 AND CAUSES OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR CONNECTED WITH THIS AGREEMENT
 WILL BE RESOLVED INDIVIDUALLY THROUGH BINDING ARBITRATION AS SET FORTH ABOVE WITHOUT RESORT TO ANY FORM OF CLASS ACTION&#59; AND (2) ANY AND ALL CLAIMS
 JUDGMENTS
 AND AWARDS WILL BE LIMITED TO ACTUAL DAMAGES INCURRED
IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 the Participant has executed this Agreement on Participant&#8217;s own behalf
 thereby representing that Participant has carefully read and understands this Agreement and the Plan as of the day and year first written above
 and the Company has caused this Agreement to be executed in its name and on its behalf
SANDERSON FARMS
 INC.











(1)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Registration Statements (Form S-8 No. 033-67474 and Form S-8 No. 333-92412) pertaining to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Option Plan
(2)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Registration Statements (Form S-8 No. 333-123099
 Form S-8 No. 333-172315 and Form  S-8 No. 333-209481
 and Form S-8 No. 333-236686) pertaining to the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan
(3)&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Registration Statement (Form S-3 No. 333-220760) of Sanderson Farms
of our reports dated December&#160;17
 2020
 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. for the year ended October&#160;31
New Orleans
December&#160;17
 2020











I
 Joe F. Sanderson
 Jr.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sanderson Farms
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
December&#160;17
&#47;s&#47; Joe F. Sanderson
 Jr.











I
 D. Michael Cockrell
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Sanderson Farms
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
December&#160;17
Treasurer
 Chief Financial Officer and Chief Legal Officer











In connection with the Annual Report of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the year ended October&#160;31
 2020 (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 Joe F. Sanderson
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
&#47;s&#47; Joe F. Sanderson
Joe F. Sanderson
December&#160;17
 2020 











In connection with the Annual Report of Sanderson Farms
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) on Form 10-K for the year ended October&#160;31
 2020 (the &#8220;Report&#8221;)
 I
 D. Michael Cockrell
 Treasurer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company
(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
Treasurer
December&#160;17
 2020 
































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        



 Plant

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        












































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Nondeductible Expense



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 $100 par value: authorized 500
000 shares

    





 Individual Contracts



    
    



 12-09


 12-09





    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period









    
    


    






    
    




    
    

 Change in Enacted Tax Rate



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    
    


    
    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    

 Value
 Share-based Payment Arrangement









    
    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    




    




    




    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    




    







 Property






 Excluding Discrete Items


 Excluding Discrete Items



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



    

 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    
    


    
    


    
    




    

 Value



    




    




    
    








    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    




    
    

 Major Customer



    
    


    
    










    




    
    



 12-09


 12-09



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    








    

 Tax Credit Carryforwards



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    




    


    
    











500

    
    


    
    


    
    




    






    
    


    




    










    






    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Trade and Other Accounts Receivable
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts



    
    


    




    
    


    




    

 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance



    
    


    
    



 Plant and Equipment

    


    
    


    

 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit



    
    

 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves



    
    




    

 Employer Contribution




 Allowance for Credit Loss


 Allowance for Credit Loss









    
    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    












    

 Capitalized
 Prepaid



    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



    




    
    




    

 Contributions by Plan Participants
 Percentage of Salary



    
    


    



 including breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower pay
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format. For example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



    
    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    
    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    


    
    


    

 Not Discontinued Operation



    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    




    
    


    

 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability



    
    


    




    

 Issuance of Shares
 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    
    








    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    

 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)



    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    


    
    


    




    







 Shares



    




    
    


    




    

 State and Local Income Taxes



    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    










    
    
    


    
    


    

 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    



 12-09


 12-09



    




    
    


    






    

 Liability



    
    


    
    



 income tax benefit


 CARES Act
 Income Tax Benefit
 Operating Loss


 CARES Act
 Income Tax Benefit
 Operating Loss



    




    




    




    
    


    

 Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    
    
    








    
    


    
    


    

 Maturity



    
    

 Capitalized
 Prepaid





    

 Feed



    

 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves



    








    
    


    

 Plant



    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    










    
    
    


    






    
    


    

 Income Taxes



    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    










    




    
    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    



 employer matching contribution


 Employer Matching Contribution






 Plant and Equipment



    







 2020 and 3.3% at October 31

    
    


    




    






    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    

 Liability



    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures






 Employer Matching Contribution



    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    



 12-09


 12-09



    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    




    
    


    
    


    
    





 Weighted Average Discount Rate









    




    
    


    

 Plant



    
    


    

 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Additions










 less allowance of $1
260 in 2020 and $1


 after Allowance for Credit Loss



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability



    
    


    




    
    


    

 Shares
 Share-based Payment Arrangement









    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    




    
    


    

 Dividends
 Per Share



    
    


    




    






    
    


    

 Individual Contracts



    
    


    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    
    


    
















    
    


    

 Noncash Items And Operating Capital


 Noncash Items And Operating Capital



    
    




    
    


    





 $1 par value: authorized 100
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding shares - 22
251
071 at October&#160;31
 2020 and 22
203
920 at October&#160;31
 2019


 Value



    
    


    
    



 12-09


 12-09



    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    




    




    




    

 Shares
 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period



    
    


    

 Award Vesting Rights



    
    





 Shares



    
    
    




    
    




    




    




    






    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    




    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments


 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments



    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    


    

 CARES Act


 CARES Act




 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    






    
    


    
    


    


    
    
    








    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Distributed and Undistributed Earnings (Loss)


 Distributed and Undistributed Earnings (Loss)



    
    


    
    


    
    



 12-09


 12-09



    
    




    
    


    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Plant and Equipment

    


    
    


    

 12-09
 Allowance



    
















    
    
    








    
    


    




    

 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance
 Including Change In Tax Legislation


 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance
 Including Change In Tax Legislation



    

 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant



    
    


    




    

 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)



    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability



    

 Other Adjustments









    

 Number of Shares



    




    
    




    
    




    


    

 Tax Credit
 Investment



    
    


    
    


    
    





 Excluding Capitalized Interest



    
    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    
    


    







 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    
    




    
    


    
    








    

 Tax Credit



    
    
    


    
    


    

 12-09



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    





 CARES Act
 Income Tax Expense


 CARES Act
 Income Tax Expense



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    




    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 safm-20201031_g1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  8$!08%! 8&!08'!P8(A *@D)

TH,4H*2C_

H&A8:*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H
M*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*C_P  1 -^!00# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#ZIHHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


@G Z9Y]?3O'7BFP\%^%-0U[5=YM;1 VQ/O2
2 J+[DD



BT[6-5BM?
FMY9?M2

M6TTC7/$-I:ZBQ 


M.3&(YV8_NPIS][C)/;!(!VUE\0]OQ#\6Z7JDNGV_A_1=/M[Y+P9W$2+N8LVX



BO//)QM^^1MQ@].N?:JOQFL;N_^$WB:SLH)KR\EL61(H(R[R-QP
:W@5D1PR!XH9B1OW!1D\D&N<
M\-?&/Q+KOPO\2:WJUSH?A[4-+U&U$SV<[Q(5W!D4R-NY(X'Y=1D1_W6K[


 /O'.0:

M9VJ3G''-=MH.@Z@/BO\/KRYTJ[%K9^$U@EGDMFV03XQL9B

MQ/'M=5[F7;NP1QC-==JDVI^&?CAJ7B%O&N:SIW]A06XEL+02
C[AD+N(#'
#/'GA

M5/!OC[Q@GQ0C\%^-['0'GN;)KV&YT620K& 3Q(')/.#SQVZYXP/VGM#EU;Q)

M.\

M


Q S[XXR:NWOQ \*V7A







=NQB
W
MFR8CW 8WXV_+G.
701<_:[2WLDEN[<R.=LBP3##

#:RD!@W(^4C)R
#FH
M= ^)'A'7]-U_P!,UNW:UT]/,NVF5X#O.&99 I .#@XYKR&W\)3:IX2\6ZO



=K('+-GD#@GH?4I] \!:YJ/[)B^'K+3Y=.\0SB222VN(OL\LNV
'=9@O+J%=[1!7C8KG&Y0X&Y<]QD


MO'Y;N(L]/







ML?AS\38_$%AXSU36[K2[;1M%U::TM[R%BL;VZD;'9BQ#$@CD8!R
NC\+_$+
MPMXIMKZ?0=8BNUL5WW^6Z/&N
[MC*&(QT(&#VKY^7P1XJUGP#XW2TT.^TRZ


 1P1Z'F@#U;PAX]\
^
)&3PUJT5_(L(G=41U*(6*@


LH#?
K  ]?R&1GIC\1/P\&W7BHZI_P 2VD\

01VXKYLT7Q

YY(@;/7) /IBBO*M

G'
L?C3Q$N

M7



M(& VOTP2


M0!@(WUK2^




MWP.*L?%!-T20Z=J6J1^)+N(P:5:VEV\:K+G/GNBD!D3*EB^5P 
9;! .]HKR





U!H/B72]=FN(-/FF%S;A6EM[FVEMI45L[6

MJJVTX.&Q@X/- &S1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 

M
[HT Q]U3RHZ ]
5H44 9A\/Z
;NZNSI.GFZNT
=Q-]F3?





8VYYQTS6A10!FC0

I&';&6!  P:+G0='NHI8KG2K:.6..&1)+9&
M#I&244@CE5+$@=!DXZUI44 8LGA/PY+:I:RZ!I#VR!PL364910WW@!MP
X&?
8T8)(0MC)4$DXZ<FJMIX?T:R %G
MI&G6X$BR@16R)AUR%;@=1DX/49K3HH S9= T::$0RZ3I[Q!#&$:V0KM+ARN,
M=X#8]0#UJ-?#.@KIZVZ)I8L5D\U;86D?EA_P\%QC/O6M10!6M+SLW9[2
MTMX'9$C+11JI*)G:IP.@R<#MDU7@T+2+?5)-3@TNPBU*3.^[2W196SURX&3G
M []JT:* ,.7PEH#PF)-(L8$:YBO&$$Q[YHW#HY*@9(89S_C4VJ^&=!UB\6[


M4 0[;C_GK%_W[/\ \51MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 
54U% %: W




L7_?L_\ Q5344 0[
M;C_GK%_W[/\ \51MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 
54U% $.VX_YZQ?]^S_ /%4;;C_ )ZQ



MW[/_ 

A-S(A8R0C#
O^K/8D



M]8O^_9_^*HVW'_/6+_OV?_BJFHH AVW'_/6+_OV?_BJ-MQ_SUB_[]G_XJIJ*



MK%_W[/\ \51MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 
54U% $.VX_YZQ?]^S_ /%4;;C_ )ZQ?]^S


M4;;C_GK%_P!^S_\ %5-10!#MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 










M/_US;^534 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!#=_ZI?^NB?^AIJAN_]4O\
MUT3_ -%34 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!#/_K;;_KH?_06J:H9_];;?
M]=#_ .@M4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0O_P ?D7_7-_YK4U0O_P ?
MD7_7-_YK4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !

M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4
_^MMO^NA_]!:IJAG_UMM_UT/\ ZU $U%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5G_ !^2_P#7-/YM4U0I_P ?DO\ US3^;4 3
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4
'^MN?\ KH/_ $%:FJ&#_6W/_70?^@K0


?3WJ_I7@W2+&X^U312:A
M?][J^?SI/PSP/P J+P+I-Q:VMQJNK#.L:FPFGR/]4O\ !&/0*/U^E=141C?W





M_4-%G\%7\VM^&H&ETV4YU#3EYPN2?




MI?\ KHG_ *$*FJ&[_P!4O_71/_0A4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0S
M_PMMO\ KH?_ $%JFJ&?_6VW_70_^@M4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M 0O_ ,?D7_7-_P:U-4+_P#'Y%_US?\ FM34 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0V7


M_=N
M+KT]PG\_4&M/QUK%Q8V4&G:5SK.I/Y%L/[G]Z0^RCG/TK4\.:/;Z#HUMI]KR
MD2_



M:7!]ONY_2G_\+

M .N;?RJ:H;W_ (\Y_P#KFW\JFH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&]_P/
M.?\ ZYM_*IJAO?\ CSG_ .N;?RJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;O_
M %2_]=$_]%35#=_ZI?^NB?^AIJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AG_U
MMM_UT/\ ZU35#/_ *VV_PNA_\ 06J:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M(7_X_(O^N;_S6IJA?_C\B_ZYO_-:FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH




M[2_FO_Q5'G/_ 




M'G/_ 



M !5 $S 



M\^TOYK_\55)W5SII555@IQV9-14/G/\ \^TOYK_\51YS_P#/M+^:_P#Q5
T)
MJ*A\Y_\ GVE_-?\ XJCSG_Y]I?S7_P*H FHJ'SG_P?:7\U_P#BJ/.?_GVE

M-?\ XJE:IW7W?\$?/A/Y)?\ @2_^0

^TOYK_ /%4 345#YS_ //M+^:_

M_P#S[2_FO_Q5'G/_ 

M\50!-14/G/\ \^TOYK_\51YS_P#/M+^:_P#Q5 $U%
C=G)W1.G^\1_0FGT %
M%%% !1110 4444 %1W
$=U;2V\Z[HI4*.N2
J1@CBI** 


M4WRLS!1DX4' STK:HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;+_ (\X/^N:_P JFJ&R
M_P/.#_KFO\ *IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&?_6VW_70_P#H+5-4
_\
MK;;_ *Z'_P!!:@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *A3_C\E_ZYI_-JFJ%/


M'01H=@_GR?:-2NF\Z\N3UED/]!T _P :W:(KJSSZ%.3;K5/B?X+M_GY^2044

M%%% !1110 4444 0WO\ QYS_ /7-OY5-4-[_ 






4J\



M@&?_6VW_70_^@M4U0S_ .MMO^NA_P#06J:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** (7_X_(O\ KF_\UJ:H7_X_(O\ KF_\UJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&R_
MX\X/^N:_RJ:H;+_CS@_ZYK_*IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&?_6VW_70_
M^@M4U0S_ .MMO^NA_P#06H FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H4_X_)?\
MKFG\VJ:H4_X_)?\ KFG\VH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H8/\ 6W/_
M %T'_H*U-4
'^MN?^N@_]!6@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AM/]4W_




V4@EMKB
M



M&?J

F<'FJ'@C1KBQMI]2U;#ZUJ+:Y;_GF/X8

K/==S[A1^OL:[FL8^_+FZ+;_ #.ZK;#T
AVU[_QYS_]<V_E4U0WO_'G/_US;^535L< 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% $-W_JE_PNB?\ H0J:H;O_ %2_]=$_]%34 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110!#/_ *VV_PNA_\ 06J:H9_];;?]=#_ZU34 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110!_\ Q^1?]<W_ )K4U0O_ 




M:)(H(V=41!@*-QX J+0-)MM#TBVT^R7$


?$307USPY+]














7F%*K4?-+WGWNK_?

I[$5HT4F

M%UG2_.@D^SZG9YFM;@=58#E3_LGH14G@_P 0?VW92)=1?9M5M&\J\MCU1_4?
M[)Z@UG!N+Y)?(ZZ\(UH?6*:M_
NS[KR?X/3L;]%%%:G$%%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% $-W_JE_ZZ)_Z$*FJ&[_ -4O_71/_0A4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 0S_ .MMO^NA_P#06J:H9_\ 6VW_ %T/_H+5-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% $+_ /'Y%_US?^:U-4+_ /'Y%_US?^:U-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10!#9?\ 'G!_US7^535#9?\ 'G!_US7^534 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4
M_P#K;;_KH?\ T%JFJ&?_ %MM_P!=#_ZU $U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 5G_'Y+_US3^;5-4*?\?DO_7-/YM0!-1110 4444 %%%4M;U6RT32Y]0U.
M=8+6!=SNWZ #N3T H2OH@;MJR[17F&F^//$\:2:GJWA*[?0+AB]M): -/'%V

M11169H%0P?ZVY_ZZ#_T%:FJ&#_6W/_70?^@K0!-1110 4444 %%%% !1110!










@/I

&R%U*U7%QO'VN(8.P^IX../U KIS


G.=4M$'3_IL@]1W_P D=G9W

0JCM0!U=%%% !1110 R258R P<Y_
MNH6_D*9]I3^[+_WZ;_IJ* (?M*?W9?^_3?X4?:4_NR_]^F_PJ:B@G97*?8
MX/EE_P!6O_+)O3Z5-]I3^[+_ -^F_P *++_CS@_ZYK_*IJ (?M*?W9?^_3?X
M4?:4_NR_]^F_PJ:B@'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO\ WZ;_  J:B@'[2G]V7_O
MTW^%'VE/[LO_ 'Z;_IJ* (?M*?W9?\ OTW^%'VE/[LO_?IO\*FHH A^TI_=
ME_[]-_A4


M_3?X4?:4_NR_]^F_PJ:JFK:E::1IT]]J
Z06L[GD;H!_4]@.]5P;L0:MK=


MC)+VFKV_


M7C?NV_UDKF
 C'7 R*](KS_X9I]NU_QCKIY6YU$VD)]8X1C(]B6/Y5+Z(ZZ'


M\LF]/I5RH;+_ (\X/^N:_P J #[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO_?IO\*FHH A^TI_
M=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_ -^F_P *FHH A^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_P!^F_PJ:B@
M'[2G]V7_ +]-_A1]I3^[+_WZ;_IJJ:KJ-KI.GS7M_
L-M$
LS?R'J3Z4F[:



M3^[+_P!^F_PH^TI_=E_[]-_A4U% $/VE/[LO_?IO\*/M*?W9?^_3?X5-10!#

SV#MONM)SP?5X?[K?[/0_D*


M7Y9?]8G_ R;^\/:IOM*?W9?^_3?X47?^J7_ *Z)_PAIJ (?M*?W9?^_3?
MX4?:4_NR_P#?IO\ IJ* (?M*?W9?^_3?X4?:4_NR_\ ?IO\*FHH A^TI_=E
M_P_3?X4?:4_NR_]^F_PJ:B@'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO_?IO\*FHH A^TI_

MO\*)_P#6VW_70_\ H+5-0!#]I3^[+_WZ;_C[2G]V7_OTW^%344 0_:4_NR_
M]^F_PH^TI_=E_P_3?X5-10!#]I3^[+_ -^F_P */M*?W9?^_3?X5-10!#]I
M3^[+_P!^F_PH^TI_=E_[]-_A4U% $/VE/[LO_?IO\*/M*?W9?^_3?X5-10!3

MW^%'VE/[LO\ WZ;_  J:B@'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO_ 'Z;_IJ* (?M*?W
M9?\ OTW^%'VE/[LO_?IO\*FHH A^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_WZ;_IJ* (?M*
M?W9?^_3?X4?:4_NR_P#?IO\ IJ* &1RK(2%#C']YO\Q3Z** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;+_CS@_ZYK_*IJALO^/.#
M_KFO\JFH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H9_\ 6VW_ %T/_H+5-4
_^MMO^NA_
M]!:@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *A3_ (_)?^N:?S:IJA3_ (_)?^N:
M?S:@:BBB@ KS.U_P%@^/9KN61Y/^B.($@8DQ7=R
Y;'0A=PYYS@=B:W?

-T_A76K'Q#IIU+3)?

MQ7EOB:RU3P5K=WXC\*VOVC3)I






M5A*&7R7


MN.^?K7N$8;[.HN2A?:/



@ILLB11
MO)*P2- 69F.  .I-.KBO'-S+K%_:^$].D*RW?[R^D0\PVXZCV+=/_P!=1.7(



SU%7HUM*T;

M *$*FJ&[_P!4O_71/_0A4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0S_PMMO\
MKH?_ $%JFJ&?_6VW_70_^@M4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0O_ ,?D
M7_7-_P:U-4+_P#'Y%_US?\ FM34 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444





M?\*/[8\9_P#0K6G_ (



M21]14!5'4GBNVD=(HVDD941 69F.  .I)KP/X@0:]\3+S[9X;MG?PY9DP1RR
MS+$DS G?




M_P +



MG3&W5^_'WFTUU[F2R^K[JI57*_9QO]UOT/2I7\:ZW=BQFM(-!L67

MG:7#1^:T%Y*L+H

'

]#U/71I.F7



MDUW3ULTU*\T^
R RM:D*\B8.4W=L^H]*XG2/#VEZAKO]EZ-9QP^'=(D#73J


MHM4^+_A.V==W]GVMQ?-@D=2%7_QX5WMI_JF_ZZ/_ .A&N(T+_3OC#XFNNHT^





8EDMPW
MSJIQR1^(_





Y

^0YX$R
MCT]?_P!6.ZAE2:))875XW4

MCN_]4O\ UT3_ -%35#=_PJ7_KHG_H0J:M#EBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH AG_UMM_UT/\ ZU35#/_ *VV_PNA_\ 06J:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** (7_X_(O^N;_S6IJA?_C\B_ZYO_-:FH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HK$\1^(X-%GLK46EYJ&HWI?[/9V:J9) @!=LNR

M:_RJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AG_ -;;?]=#_P@M4U0S_ZVV_ZZ'_T%
MJ )J*** BBL;Q=KD?A_0Y[UE\R;B.(=993PJC_ #T!I-V5V14G&G%SELCG
M_$]WJ6N^)H_#NA7KVEO!'YFIW$8&Y5;&U%;'#$9/'K[&NFT#0]/T&R%MIENL





MS
<5K?O7H-:\$:

M'49VY_&HC54G[KN=%;5:=/M(-6?5='K_F:4G@WPQ(C(_AS1F5A@@V
7(_[

M\5O!L%O)*-864J
B..&0LWL

%T/[DT


MY8P0OXGW_&NJ_P%H^#/^@[#_P!^I/\ XFNK6QM%4*MK % P (QQ5?4EL['3
MKJ[DMH-EO$\K?(.B@G^E**IQ5K/[_P#@%5:E6O/F=O)6V[):GF'PS\:: WB'
M7_/U!5OM8U=Q:J4;YXE 6,DXP,\X!KUFT_U3?]='_P#0C7G'@#PAIFL_C2[
M76+1))+F-[CSPH$J
[E@RMU!P5_+FK/AG7[WPSJ$7AWQ=*9(Y9&33M6;A;GY



M3X6UZU\2:+#J-D&5')5D;[R

M:6\L96BO-*F34(F0?-E

A_V6 (_G3[
MZUBO;*XM;A=T

M-[\^'_PO\'_P5^)U'B'1-/\ $.F/I^K6XGM7(;;D@@CH01R#64O@+PR-&@TI
M])ADLH69T5RQ8
V
MNSG)P._85T]%.R
8UJD5RQDTM]SDM%\!:3HFJ07FD3Z

MR.


'([#&
O


_PCR^@D'_+-OTZ] 
UZ
M!4-Y:P7MK+;7D


MCK&S7%Y.=]S=R\R3/ZD^GH/_ *YKEO!'Q5T7Q!:O_:4MOI%XC;?*GG&UQV*L
M0!^%=];7
%U$);6:*:


J^(=0M=+T2\O+^4
M0VT49WN03C/ X'/4BN1F^(;:C#(GA30=7U25E(CN#;^5;YQP2S$?EQ7;Z@JO
M8WL P\MN
]JGIM


*O XQNR.@P.G?HO
^)$GW+?PI#CKYCSMGZ8KN:*2C96N:U






&2W1R(0P_B5.@)_I

RG&+D_9[%RBBBF9D-[_ 


MBT/\

MD\



M %T/_H+5-4
_^MMO^NA_]!:IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH A?_ (_(





R0J

M\O/WCD

ME4U !1110 4444 %%%9VLZYIFBP^;JM[!;+C(#M\S?11R?P%)M)794(2F^6*
MNS1HKA5^(MNM^C7.E:C;:(XPFIRPL$+=N
?=/KG/M7;6UQ#=0)/;2I-XRKQ
ML&5AZ@BIA4C/X6;5L+5H6=2-K_U]_EN25#/_ *VV_PNA_\ 06J:H9_];;?]





#_ 'O0RL.I]A^E;'AGPE9Z+*UY


M&TCLDM$MH5M4&U80@V ?3I7E?A#PAH5QXE\7:)J6GQM):7HNK=T9HV6*9=RJ
MI4CA2/UKURN!U;_B4?&+1;O[L.LV

=$/^ G_&DMU\<Z1$BO\ V9KL2CGY
MS!
?Q/R_C7;44O8Q7PZ^OU)*U1*7JM?O5G^)QZ^.H+0[?$&E:GI)[R2PF2+
M\'7.?RK8TC7=*U%I6LM1M)@\@A91DG:O&.M;!Y&#7
:CX
\/ZQ
MR@AXLQ
?E7J5QFBU1;._]?UT$I86I\47'TU7W.S_ !.GHKD3X+DMN='\0ZS9




M\\%Z/XXT1M-UR$E




M 


2_^)5X@\(^(UX6UOOL=P?^F4PVDGV!'ZUI+N8X;WG*G_
F
MOGNOQ1Z!1115'




.[G]/R [.LHISESO;I_F=E64*%-T(:R?Q/I_A7SW?5^2*FK:C

%]&E#7CC[MW<#I%[JO?\ _4:]*    & .@%=;
M]R-NK/

M1'\



M/(/J*N$N5Z[$3C=:;EVBN

#O#EM

;-@KG.-I.!SZ

M7X_\4S?$&+PYJ\4-RB.]O
1!Y;C:#^\.#CL#Z8/':O:Z:(T$AD*)



W[V+/4P-Z#^Y_
G-2KQ6NIU5)0Q
UR)
W/W''TX!_#OFNOIQ=U<JA55:FM/+L^JBBBF:
X_2M^M(R
M4E='+5I3I2Y)JSBBBJ
PHHHH **** (9_\ 6VW_ %T/_H+5-4
_^MMO^NA_
M]!:IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH A?_ (_(O^N;_P UJ:H7_P/R+_K
MF_\ -:FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#S.1+KP]J



M5TE%-4HWN]7YBGC*C7)#W8]EI][W?S;*\EC:2(R26L#HPP5:

M)N7OO!\L4#


M+9)T_A8\


$%(P?5C@_D?6J]I%KW3S\=&KA(7E'5Z+LWZ]N]N@O@2P_MB]O
M/%.H6R+]K_=6


M3451N0_9+?\ YX1?]\C[);_ //+_O@5-10!#]DM_\ GA%_WP*/LEO_ 
\(
MO^^!4U97BO6H/#WAZ_U2Y90MO$64-_&_15_$X'XTTKNR$W979R'Q  US5['P
'1I6E%]12.;5+QS<7<A4'YS_/8=/3K7#_?0






-++6K^30M?TV/
M1?%5N/WMA,HQ*/[\+?QJ<9XY'N.:['4='T[4;&:SO;*:WF4JZ
@Y']#[UC^



M/LT[4Y5!

V=Y=6\B2P+VBE!7G'
M0



M;M.^_E9/1]NAW_@F\MM=\):3J1AA9[BW1I#L'WP

M^?O OBPZ):ZAI=OXS\/V]C:W3_96N@/+G1CNW(P/3).1V)K=?XHW
6HQVR^+
M/!$H:

6^NZ=?SQ)E+:Y4O*W8#&?


M.:?NIGIGAKPWIWA_1;73;.-HX5P7=06D;NQ/J36G]DM_P#GA%_WP*Y;_A9G
M@G_H:M'_ / I?\:BG^*?@:$QA_%&EGS&#9

Z[


M]JZ_3VT_4;&WO+-();:=!)&X0?
I&15UE#J58!E(P01D$5P'A!CX2\4W/A.X





M_GA%_P!\C[);_\ /+_ +X%344 0_9+?_GA%_WP*/LEO_SPB_[X%344 8/C

M2'0


M

DB




BE'1AD
#U!%9RIZ\T=


M //+_O@5-10!3GM;?S;;]Q%_K#_  #^ZU3?9+?_ )X1?]\B?\ UMM_UT/_
M *U34 0_9+?_GA%_P!\C[);_\ /+_ +X%344 0_9+?_GA%_WP*/LEO_SP
MB_[X%344 0_9+?\ YX1?]\C[);_ //+_O@5-10!#]DM_\ GA%_WP*/LEO_
M ,\(O^^!4U% $/V2W_YX1?\ ? H^R6__ #PB_P^!4U% %-[6W^V1?N(O]6_



)7G*K[=?M(IZI]W9Z:[+R]3B(O%6IZJ0^
M.
M=(U 7^T[

MHV][K
Y$%LD9RH=C@



MR..4G)N4MV%%%%


MH&KZ



5=BW'A;PI;023W

-(H8



M@ _SU[U&YV)+#QYI*\GLNWF_/LOF9WA;PQIGABR:WTN AY#NFGD.Z69O[SMU


@^\C#U'^![U*?1F]:$9+VM/9[KL


BMI.#E#_#N




LPXW6I)FC!+#!4


M%'


V-W=W.)?\ 23YBQG'\((_GG';%=: % @ #@ 5E:I+=V1V

9ZV-GF&#Z$CYF_'!KJM)TZUTG



MX=T6TGA
88WMU=;45B3\I0?



FYB3N SZ#M5MVM9'1AJ-%1DJD
MVK+2R.P\$^
-(\8:6EWI-P#*$4SVKG$MNQ&=KKU]L]#C@FL3QU9^
];BU/3-





M*#3(-UGI$21A 4!P\V .K'('MD5W


RO

MQ6(!P8\_?E/H%4YSV)!J?3%T7X:^'++2E=BL
1Q1QKNFNI6+$*.I9CD]AF
MO

M7OB+Q!.VJ:SY:A97'+2
6 BB7^$'';MD].*FI-_!#INR\/A4[5:W7X8K=_Y)
M]_N1R/Q 7Q'XJOM.T8NEKJ-XWGQ::IREI 




@Z'T








M[XN\0W6IN!)=R27/[JSA_O-M .X]ER/U%=/XL^(UHEQ%H?A*:'4_$-XWDP^4
M0\



MA_Q5X3NYM3T75KKQ' X'VC3]0D/F

MKW


E]#)+IVM0_Z

_P#'G/\ ]<V_E4U599XKG3))K:6.:%XF*O&P96&.H(ZU


P7S=/G?K<6A/R_BO0__6KTA.XJU/V4N7=
M=/-!1113,@HHHH AO?\ CSG_ .N;?RJ:H;W_ (\Y_P#KFW\JFH **** BBB

M\S)49(;Y1CC/-#DD[




5VH_C0

MKF_\UJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH *YWQ)=^);?4+5- TVSN[1D)FDGFV%6[#K_ $/X5T58
+-\/W4-MK.I0VDTRET5\\J._ X_&CE<M$95H\T;<W+YK_@F5_:'C?_H



MPL;PA_T'[+_OH_X5'L)=4V*.'HWO4ES^KO\ AM^%SJHT2-%2-51%& JC  J.


?R S1
M[.?9A[2'='756U&QM-3LIK/4;:&ZM)EVR0S(&5AZ$&N;7XC^$&4$:]9X(SR2
M/Z4O_QO'_0?LO^^C_A1[.?9A[2'='&7_A'Q5X NX[OX;SM?^'PYEN?#]W+

ME_\ $_PI;19@U
7L[?+';VD;222-V4#&
GW(KCM=^&E[\2;QM:\2!/#T_E%+

*3!&V3ZQ./







M'2LVDO4TC*3U3LC+T/1=

M@Z6?+TR-AQ

H91].#7?5
MP
?_ !+/C7
O2+6-*#_[TL3X_P#0*E]&=-#WH3AY7^Y_Y7.^J&#_ %MS_P!=

O5-


DBAD8
M$


-8X(D$<:*
!5 P
M /PJ2A*P5JGM)\W3IZ= HHHIF04444 0WO\ QYS_ /7-OY5-4-[_ 


MT?\ SU



M$(^
PN;@NW@0H2NT/]IVCCG;CGZ[OPXHY?
7/Y
]2JMJ5C:ZG8SV5_ D]K
I

MGS;KP9=$A'/S/ITC=CZQDGKZ^_WO4H9$FB26%UDC=0RNIR&!Z$'N*\GFM_B_



G*RY?



NV3^



+Q4_B&&*WG\
Q6-PT98SVUR2IE'&

0?K6O7FVC?#B;P]X:-CIGB&[M[N2[2=[F*)0&/W0N
MPD_*




V49+PL

\A/E ^; 3M)R4;\N

MN76(%]I%9#^1 J3_ (3OPQ_T&K3\S_A345_._P #3^U\++5*G][_ /DBA/J/
MCI87


,4[_A._#'_0:M/S/^%'*OYW^ /-\*^E/[W_\ )&<U_P-
M?M
9.BZ7NV-@?:CTRN?Z4EIJ7CQXLW&A:4KY/'VG'';H6_G5UO'/ADW4;?VS

M?_H:5_X%FHKK4O'BP.8-TII1T'VG/Z$C^8K1_X3OPQ_P!!JT_

MWA=753K-MENF Q'XG&!^-._X3OPQ_P!!JT_

N<8H @E\2Z?!
MX1C\1W+2PZ<]JEWADW2;74%5VKG+'<!@9R3@5#H'BB'5M1GTZ?3M1TO48H5N
M/LU\B!GB8X#J49E(R,$9R,C(&17'ZC:WU_\ ##3-$MM-OSJFFV6EZ@89(&1)
MC#)'(T =L+YG[H@J3P2N:U=)DE\1?$6VURPU&ST[3]+FM-][:O;--+-+$Q4

M&1FK
B
Y&V5T_P!T#^H-
\E_^?F7\E_^)HO8+7*_]C:9_P! ZR_[\+_A1_8V
MF?\ 0.LO^__X58\E_\ GYE_)?\ XFCR7_Y^9?R7_P)IW8K(\D3P!XQ;4M0




M1Y+_ //S+^2__$T78612_P$?T;[1Y_]DZ?Y^W;YGV9-V/3.,XJ7^QM,_P@
M=9?]^%_PJQY+_P#/S+^2_P#Q-'DO_P _






5W'DO_S\R_DO
M_P 37&_%_3I;KX?:J\4\C36BK=QDA?E

MCHPK2K13ZZ??I^IW%0
MP?ZVY_ZZ#_T%:J:3.=1TJSOHKF7R[F%)EX7HR@C^'WJ6%_-N?\ 29?]8.R_
MW5_V:HP::=F7**A\E_\ GYE_)?\ XFCR7_Y^9?R7_P)H$345#Y+_P#/S+^2
M_P#Q-'DO_P _
OY+_P#$T 345#Y+_P#/S+^2_P#Q-'DO_P _
OY+_P#$T 34
M5#Y+_P#/S+^2_P#Q-





/\ 51#B.



MYHGQ(\+ZWK
&F:7J)FNI@2F87120

FTZ/K1
J


MH FHJ'R7_P?F7\E_P#B:/)?_GYE_)?_ (F@:BH?)?_ )^9?R7_ .)H\E_^
M?F7\E_\ B: )J*A\E_\ GYE_)?\ XFCR7_Y^9?R7_P)H FHJ'R7_P?F7\E
M_P#B:/)?_GYE_)?_ (F@:BH?)?_ )^9?R7_ .)H\E_^?F7\E_\ B: [_U2

M

Q(JU4/DO_ ,_,OY+_
M /$UP.I:'XE\*Q7%]X;UF74+

9!ZX&
?6FW8BG355M72
M?3_A_P#
]$HKRGX4?$+4O&6LWUC?PK (H3/') !@ 

MH8QWCN%8J=NPX(ZCIUH33U05\//#SY*BU+-%0^2__/S+^2__ !-'DO\ \_
O
MY+_\33


D1DDTZS=&&K0*01^5:1IL:*D




M-%TH3-*-


M






M/S+^2_\ Q-'DO_S\R_DO_P 33
B:BF1HR$[I7?\ W@/Z 4^@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&R_X\X/^N:_RJ:H;+_CS@_Z
MYK_*IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&?_6VW_70_^@M4U0S_ .MMO^NA_P#0



?[*C@#ZUU5)
M=V;5Y)6I0V7XOJ_\O(*A3_C\E_ZYI_-JFJ%/^/R7_KFG\VIG.34444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %5]2M$O\ 3KJSF_U=Q$\+?1@0?YU8HH&G9W1Q7P;NWN?A[IL4
M_P#Q\69DLY5_NF-RH'_?.VNO@_UMS_UT'_H*UP_PZ_XE_BOQOHQX$=^M\@]I
MTW''L




M2[**STZVBMK6(82.)=H%6:*2BD;5L1.M\6W9:(****9@%%%% !1110 4444







M!VXR:ZSX;^








MK^\34?O9O6.NZ3?R1QV6IV-Q+(
)I9Y$BC7J[L%

0 1QW/'/%:NE?#73(_*NO$US=^(=0C7F6_D9XU/?;'G
M&/8YK\'_!S3K.2VU#Q WVJ\*EY;-5 MU<YXQU(&<?4?A7K-2DWK(ZL16IT4

MP/93VNTE?







UJ
M:A.VPI5:DXJ


]B36!X

;NX

ZT&5O+L-8?K%Z13GM[
M-_3.V;VW.KDC75Z:M)=._FO/NON/2J*16#*&4@J1D$=Z6J.4**** BBB@ H
MHHH *AG_ -;;?]=#_P@M4U0S_ZVV_ZZ'_T%J )J*** BBB@ HHJAKNL6.@


M\#VGA^)O

M^$=;''V+54AD;^[%


<'_ %S7^5 $U%%%

_\ 'G/_ -<V_E4U
M !1110 4444 %%%% !6-XB\+Z+XCA\O6=.@N3C D*XD7Z.

/SK9HIIM.Z$T
MFK

&4].Y*'/XD_6O<:*ISYOB5_Z\C2G4G37+!Z=K)_FF?.EQX=^)/A
M?4=6\5P6UI/<SPG[?#;%+E0/O&



X/]H:9(FWZ[=WO^5')(/K=/^1?C_F1KK/Q6^T
#

M08^K*!GVZU9_X6SX$_Z&?3_^^C_A2Y)#^M4W]F/X_P9F?VQ\4O^A:T7_P 
M?_LZQK_XB^-_#WEKXH\+V5N)&PMPLI6'GHP+@'ZD5UG_V? G_0SZ?_ -]'




MCVEG'\E_IG=Z*HJ H  X ':M+JGMO\ D96]IOM^9%:6\-G:0VUL@C@A18XT
M'15 P!^0J6BBLC4**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
%?^
M]'Z'M^0/H-AJVG:@B/87]I<JXRIAF5\_D:GOK2^LY[2[B66VG0QR1MT92
$
M5R$OPL\%RQJC:% % PLLBG\PV34V:V.IU*557JW4NZ2U^5UJ=K17 _\*JT





[?Z?J%%%%4<H4444 %0I_
MQ^2_]<T_FU35G_'Y+_US3^;4 34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '(_%G3S
MJ7P[UR) ?
C@^T(1U!C(?C_OFMCPMJ U71;;4%QBZBBFX_VHD/\ 6M*Z@2YM

MOJ***HY@HHHH **** .#^+\CW6BZ=X?MV(GUN]BM3MZK$#N=OH !GZUW4
:0



M^R?$36?^/G4-)\/6[?PVL1N9@/0EOE_$4Z/X7:3=2;Q'?ZKKTPY_P!-NFV
M_PRJXP/;)H]MVC^7^0?5(1_B5?NN_U2_$\OTSXH7KV$;2^.668#YHWT/+ ^

?





MYX4A

CH:F]/L_O_ . 5:?=?=_P3
MA?\ A:WA;_GXO/\ PE_^)H_X6MX6_Y^+S_PE_^)KNZ*+P[/[_^ %I]U]W_
M  3S]?BUX:DNFM[9=3N)0N[;%9N2?PZ_I4X^(+S\6/A+Q3-Z
UD(U/XEJ[@*

*-*URYFM[:<7






M *YK_*IJALO^/.#_ *YK_*@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AO?\ CSG_
M .N;?RJ:H;W_ (\Y_P#KFW\JFH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&]_P/
M.?\ ZYM_*IJAO?\ CSG_ .N;?RJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;W_
M (\Y_P#KFW\JFJ&]_P/.?\ ZYM_*IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH A
MN_\ 5+_UT3_T(5-4-W_JE_ZZ)_Z$*FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&
M?_6VW_70_P#H+5-4,_\ K;;_ *Z'_P!!:IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH A?_C\B_ZYO_-:FJ%_^/R+_KF_\UJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KS[5M4LO#/Q1NM3\0W4=GIU[H\-O:W4YVQ+)'-

XKT&B@#QNWN8;;X/:AI=U;O+?7
5WJ4.G.KK+%:2WCM

M[PV$'M7JM% !1110 4444 
D$I(\MT4=]R$_U%
VW'_/6+_OV?\ XJIJ* (=

M_P ]8O\ OV?_ (JBR_X\X/\ KFO\JFH AVW'_/6+_OV?_BJ-MQ_SUB_[]G_X


M=MQ_SUB_[]G_ .*J%%N/MDO[V+_5I_RS/JW^U5RH4_X_)?\ KFG\VH -MQ_S



M*TFKZ&E*HZ4U-&+X2\0P^*-'CO\ 3IXP



M+2Y?
@DX*GAHV'56'8C_ #Q0GT9I5I*WM*?PO\'V?Z/J7]MQ_P ]8O\ OV?_

MOJ4V$.WS&.R



M_71__0C0 ;;C_GK%_P!^S_\ %4;;C_GK%_W[/_Q5344 0[;C_GK%_P!^S_\
M%4;;C_GK%_W[/_Q5344 0[;C_GK%_P!^S_\ %4;;C_GK%_W[/_Q5344 0[;C
M_GK%_P!^S_\ %4;;C_GK%_W[/_Q5344 0[;C_GK%_P!^S_\ %4;;C_GK%_W[
<'_7




^G^]4VVX_YZQ?\ ?L__ !5%



M_P#Q5344 4[U;C['/^]B_P!6W_+



ML7_?L_\ Q5344 4W6X^V1?O8O]6__+
^J_[53;;C_GK%_P!^S_\ %4/_ 
?D

M* BBB@ J%/^/R7_ *YI_-JFJ%/^/R7_ *YI_-J )J*** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ J&#_ %MS_P!=!_ZM35#!_K;G_KH/_05H FKSOQ/HU]X4UB;Q5X4
M@


M?_T(T 34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4-E_QYP?\ 7-?Y5-4-E_QYP?\



M !YS_P#7-OY5-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $-W_JE_ZZ)_Z$*FJ&[_
M -4O_71/_0A4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0S_ .MMO^NA_P#06J:H
M9_\ 6VW_ %T/_H+5-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $+_ /'Y%_US?^:U
M-4+_ /'Y%_US?^:U-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!#9?\ 'G!_US7^535#9?\
M'G!_US7^534 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4
_P#K;;_KH?\ T%JFJ&?_ %MM
M_P!=#_ZU $U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5G_'Y+_US3^;5-4*?\?DO
M_7-/YM0!-1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %0P?ZVY_ZZ#_T%:FJ&#_6W/\

M7-_YK4U0O_Q^1?\ 7-_YK4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

MV7_'G!_US7^534 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4
_^MMO^NA_]!:IJAG_ -;;

<__7-O

<__7-OY5-4-[_QYS_]<V_E4U !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0W?^J7_KHG_H0J:H;O_5+_ -=$_P#0A4U
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0S_ZVV_ZZ'_T%JFJ&?_6VW_70_P#H+5-0
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $+_\ 'Y%_US?^:U-4+_\ 'Y%_US?^:U-0
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 445Y]JVEV7B

ML]O;RP-S%)8WAG6XCB=%;SOD3]Z#(GS$-D$_.









MC[7-_P! ^Z_[ZB_^+H MT54^US?] ^Z_[ZB_^+H^US?] ^Z_[ZB_^+H MT54
@#0H
MJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z
M!]U_WU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q='VN;_H'W7_ 'U%_P#%T 6Z*J?:

M:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=
M?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 
71]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %NBJGVN;_

MBZ?=;F0@?-%Z?[]2_:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 
71]KF_
MZ!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %NBJGVN;_ *!]U_WU%_\ %T?:YO\ H'W7_?47_P 70!;H
MJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z
M!]U_WU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q='VN;_H'W7_ 'U%_P#%T 2WO_'G

M_H'W7_?47_Q='VN;_H'W7_?47_Q= %NBJGVN;_H'W7_?47_Q='VN;_H'W7_?

M%_\ %T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?]]1
M?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 
71]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\
MQ= %NBJGVN;_ *!]U_WU%_\ %T?:YO\ H'W7_?47_P 70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_W






M+:*D:Q)I\0MELCIPM@6\C[.3RGE9V=NN
XXSBFZ#X5TC0;F2YTZWF^T/&(?-

F@#L:*XB7XC64(CAGT?68]2;45

M9#*%5L$HS*?E=2&(P: -FBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HKS?Q_P(/[/\=Z1I
ME]XO_P$7TF?3;FY:?=:Q^;

NK_Q


EI=1B6-BI
M4X/J#R#V(/0T 7J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BO(_#OQ$O-/UKQW'XKN!)8V$



M5BE$I9P%*LV#U^Z0
G /8T %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !17E?B_QGJVG^/ ]


8) .SHKG]/\4VVH^([C2+&SO9C;QQ2RW:

MFZ6TU@SVD%O
R*X5I;F*
Y# CHY'([T =I17C'B_XE:G/H'@^;PXXM;V^GMY
M]34Q*Y@A^T1V\L1W @

.3



J=C

M1(I=G$\: @G!Z

@4OQ$\5OI-CJEEIK2PZK;VD-XLVQ60(\XCQSGGANW?K0

02!1A0/W
MR@X_N-P370ZQXWTS2;[5;2YBNVN-/2T8I%&&



MAR^7V-C:!QG- '=T5QND^*H(=$TLQZB?%-U?O(+1]/BC1YT3EBV76
%!@
25

QQ+%*G]XXEW*!D$JVU\=%.#0!Z+14


_W6*

M



M;M/
A$ZA69
G:V 3PPPP]B


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

#OA__
M 

M10 4444 %%%% 'FW_H]*N])URWUG4-4N[S6)YY[J:&^N+:)FD)V_N$E\L[%
M+\P.=@SZ5D:#X/\42WOC/39M=^SVUV]K:SWDFF$O=J+-Y8&



H@



TT@VTEK*[*ZQ&1VD7][\R9)P&P22 /3:*


C@C'!#

8?(*Y






M* BBB@ HHHH **** N&_X1+7X+G7(].\2VUEI^JW;W3^7II:ZA+*JD)*92
M@.$X)C.

M%4/[6M?5_P#OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_ +YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_M:U]
M7_[YH_M:U]7_ .^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_\ OF@_15#^UK7U?\ [YH_
MM:U]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_P^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_P#O
MF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?_ +YH OT50_M:U]7_ .^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/
M[6M?5_\ OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?\ [YH OT50_M:U]7_[
MYH_M:U]7_P^: +]%4/[6M?5_P#OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_ +YH_M:U
M]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_[YH_M:U]7_ .^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_\ OF@
M_15#^UK7U?\ [YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_P^:3^UK7U?_OF@#0HJA_:U
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M50_M:U]7_P^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_P#OF@_15#^UK7U
M?_OFC^UK7U?_ +YH OT50_M:U]7_ .^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/[6M?5_\ OFC^
MUK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?\ [YH OT50_M:U]7_[YH_M:U]7_P^
M: +]%4/[6M?5_P#OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_ +YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_
MM:U]7_[YH_M:U]7_ .^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_\ OF@_15#^UK7U?\
M[YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_P^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5
M_P#OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?_ +YH OT50_M:U]7_ .^:/[6M?5_^^: +
M]%4/[6M?5_\ OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFD_M:U]7_[YH T**H?VM:^
MK_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-
M']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ
M_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0
M!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_
M:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_
M -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS1_:U
MKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]
M\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*




















M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%8.B^(?[3T[6+K[+Y7]GW=S:[?

M+$;LX&
ZT.SUJ3[9JCP,7!<-=L#





MWDDE_:)'9

OD
M/=QK)E1EAM)SD#D^E9.K^/-'L5T*XMKW3[O2]3O'M'OX[Q/)@VPRREBPRI_U

MVYD\HPA2-RYP)


T :U

_&MEX8




6;59K71




C-J
L/*8X.!TY


-D4 ;]
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44

8/3KGVI2










T?SVJ20%

M-U5-1CU?5;BWN=





MKL#\\A59


MF[MOS;-F


M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1



UJX\^^2Z\W
MRO)8V]Y-;^9'DG:XC==XY/#9ZGU- 'B_PV\*6VNZ3ID^KZ




M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44

=Y*L PQ@]1
M0!T%%8&A^,=UQ@NEWXF)LH]1&Z)X\V\A8))\RC@E&XZC'(%%IXPT*\TS1-1

M-I;:




D+ZI

MM!&
O)&'0&10




MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHK'\1:AJ]C]G_L;1/[5W[O
_TM(/+QC'WASG)Z=






CD

@R/6K% 'B<VK:U<Z]J42ZK8V6LIJ?E:?'


MPIX3MH)#H7BFTM-4N9 ?EB6!!]J0_P#73;;CC_GH]?25E96]BDJVL0C$LKS/



^GE(/D662
!3NR1M90^5SSS4\NL:P?OB
M;^V+V]TKQ%%;6OV6UMKDB*&T9XPLD)'#ODLKN1PPVXXS[I10!X=X_CETK5-





H8*X['!






9;GYJ /*?B1?:[%K6L7.LZ;I-K
M-!X


M &Q1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%87BCQ;HG





MU.[8;)F4ABK$XV9VX.
8

_[V^F7S!)OC#'[NPY ^\,X'=IX\








M6WD2&::-YXHMXDW[48&7.-K X[9KL?\ A$](&I&^2&YCG:19I%CO)DCED7&'

.$=N!RP).!GI4D_AC1Y[&[LY;/=;75XM_
GFN-TZR+('SG(^9%.!QQTQF@

D;Z1;


%HT11:EOJMVI'^X?2O57\$^'

]&)![YJ]:^']+M/$-]KMO:*FJWT



M.&T




Y!!D4G


R2#(



=O
US%))-$)+J62.%W!#M'&S%$)#

J!]X^IH XGQY
M965[\4=-34?7_41KHTQ6V\JUD\H^?'\^+AT7VX)/-97PZUC5[-M\/:4;*
M*\N=7EF@O(Y)7TY(;B/9;+AE!*K




.,3W4LR1*_WA&CL50'&/E XXZ51B^'GAN+3X[&.V
MO5LTA^S$:E<[6AYQ$P\SYHQD@(<J 2  #B@#JHG66))(V5T8!E93D$'N*\@





M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB







MHQ+XHEMKZYM[+1[K2+41VH/F&22YADE/R?.V8Y$3:.H+#!S7;:+X4CT_6!JM

O7O&
=_XR\&6NEMKEJDEW=&X6XTZ[LD

\+Q'=D'(VR
1C'




C.=TK\GL!P.:D\+^%9-'\1VI1&&E:/HL&CZ?)*ZM+*
M@R
V
8XCA'09(8XQB@#M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB






M6X8-0ABGMY9+FQ




M0I5OGWG#

ZHN?WF]E+

M^\#_ &K0M5T[^T-GV[6(]5\SR


H&U1





=U;_ (6T&72'U*[O[T7VJ:E.)[F=(?)CRJ*BJB;FVJ%4<%B<
MDDDYH \GM/&]\^FZMO'(N_$QUB6T7PX5LVWQB]:()Y:1B9?W0#;BW'WCQ7H









MU.:^^PW5K#&BW-K!


0HRX&-R@G%6K#P+)
M'XC?5KR^LS*T

M75O8V2V




M&!]WKSP 9EG\2=+DA@N=0L-4TJQN=/DU.ZO8XPDL,:JSX.S*0K X91GMFL


3*V6'EC.

M^P/^$:_X25O^$9\K[-Y7V3_3/L_3R?M&_&W;\N?+W8[YYH M1_$726\-Z]K1

^)K[5O%_B;2+K2)[6UTN6-
M(;AVC(D#(&YVR


T*YL/%VL:LE]$]EJ:Q

M=H^[MSGG/:@#?HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


PP'2]GRON
N1^8IP^!?P

HI\\NY/LX=D8?A#PIHO@[39=/\.67V.TDF
[Q^:\F7

MR

5)ZL  2













00F<D<'
MM43^)M!34H].?6]+74))#$EJ;N








M() _UIZT =GXPUO_ (1SPSJ&K_9_M/V2/S/*W[-_(&
X..OI5N35M.BCO))+



MUJWINH66J64=YIEW;WEI*

MSOV3R/-SN\KSMWSXW8_VMW-=?X$TV^MKKQ!J5]9?V:NJWHN8K NCM!$B%G


$&

M;33QQ?
5W8(W[L$









M['LV[/.V;O-W;?FV;
9XW8YH [D:[I)L[J[_ +3LA;6JJ]Q*TZA8%*!P7)/R

MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M3RHW^MS[1_\  8_Y&3X9L-5T^PDBUS6?[8N3*66?[*EOM3  7:O!Y!.??VK+

M-(=)U#3==LO#^FWB.2VC7;C4KA&!C.]8BB0(X#;B1N*CHHR:


M$@ME@6. 3M0




P )
MQG &1D] 



M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB

M(GMG9&:
D@
58

XZC(''0]#D5;HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 




M!;/?H* /:-.OK74K1;JPN(KBW8LJR1MN4E6*L
^Q!'X5';:G:7.IWFGPS;KR

M(

DJNG)
M?+'+-\PV\2ZM)?0Z7KVO)J^KB^LO%


ABDN;VZ$4H.#%*+&
ZB:Y@
M2ZCMFGB6YD1G2(N [*I ) ZD#<,GW'K7C4MW?MI3S?\ 5:7%HRZBGD(-=N)






MRZ6V297
;*9S'Y8PXVYW8SWKKJ^;-1UA6\*^
='D\1:%+')KVH!_#Z1?\3*Z

M


U=KPB+4;^RM


!D$.#DDD9H ]FK&UOQ/H^B2M'JEZL
HC
.UMI;B=ML42%W;!.% R3Q3-/O(-1L+:

M5UPGR




@N_$=
MO'_98BB6*WV7! C4A?
\Q=OS;F8=?E'&-+PUXG\5:N^FZI%;7\D%SJ+6]Q;2
M&R2UAA\QD;:?

 'K%95_XCT33]0CL+_6=-M;Z7&RWFND2
M1\]
*3DUB_ZZU/4_T.IZSJ4E[/=
^$







MB@#V2BN$\
7NIV_Q'U?0;S79M6L[;2[6Z0SQ0K)'))+

MNZ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
^<UOT4 5XK&TB:Z:*U@1
MKIM]P5C 
S;0N7_O':H&3V ':J-GX:T*RM;JUL]%TRWMKH;;B**UC1)AZ. 


 68C/3)]:D;PWH;


YS=BV03'C'W\;NGO6E10!#9VMO96Z6]G!%;P)G;

6H7^C:;=7\6/+N9[5'E3'3#$9%:M% &=JNA:


MB

M329);25YPUEI26DMS*T;1[YW#$2$*[\!5&6SCH*ZB[T6V.EI:Z;#:6
UM \5
MA*ENI%F2A0&-1C  .
 CCBM6B@#*TG0-/T[PO:^'U@2?3(+1;
Q3J'62
+M(


5UU%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
)10 4444 ?__9
end







begin 644 safm-20201031_g2.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  8$!08%! 8&!08'!P8(A *@D)

TH,4H*2C_

H&A8:*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H
M*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*C_P  1 -^!00# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#ZIHHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


@G Z9Y]?3O'7BFP\%^%-0U[5=YM;1 VQ/O2
2 J+[DD



BT[6-5BM?
FMY9?M2

M6TTC7/$-I:ZBQ 


M.3&(YV8_NPIS][C)/;!(!VUE\0]OQ#\6Z7JDNGV_A_1=/M[Y+P9W$2+N8LVX



BO//)QM^^1MQ@].N?:JOQFL;N_^$WB:SLH)KR\EL61(H(R[R-QP
:W@5D1PR!XH9B1OW!1D\D&N<
M\-?&/Q+KOPO\2:WJUSH?A[4-+U&U$SV<[Q(5W!D4R-NY(X'Y=1D1_W6K[





%-P'.2.@U_#OQ
\&^(]??1-#UZUO-352_DQAL


5V?B[P]?2?%

M&S 


  HY))[#N: /'D^*GQ
T
M_P  V7CS5])\)W/AF3RWEALVGCNE1I @/SL5!R0._7ZU[7I/B[1M5UG^R+.[


M:7?AW4ENAXY6[N+1K1V:. ^9EV&W_5\XW?=YKU--'O4_:;;54TZY73&\
^0;
MP0

WCGQ+X8\1^#=%\)0:-)=:]+/7U19B%/*V

L2KG(D5R3S@]AVZYX
(-&M9;LZA;Z9;R2OL/DX&4QM)P<<CH:P_AMH
]O\


M$
MY:-IL0L(0)3AXB;L8QDJ2.3D#K74?$6QUG3/&7B*Z\&Z5XXLM9U!T*BV
MMH;O2[\A0-\F[(CSR#N/09QR10!VEY\:=#MOB_;^VDC

]Z]&\(

MN[/63=M/]BNHS \RK






MO[(5QI/_  CVH#7&NQ+]C^Q/]I)^TK\VS;N^YWQT]J[6]BU?P;\9]2\0S^%-


C::\81







]LBO*9_#$8^ 'A&PU#PWKTEQ
'B6:VM[^Y<7EY&1N3;A5)QP&_#/6O3/$.




M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M$/AK2?$
VERZQ:?:)-


M





8-+;(2\BE) 2HY(8
M9![\BO

VJ7]_:1%=1=XXVB:3]VUK]Q%58L!QEMWWL;J /5J*

M'4?.?S38%@P!DZY\XF+&?N+CIQ0!]


MPS!T
I+X^S%00RY



2PJP]/,L60









M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %

MB2VZ.'5
<YS71T4 4+G1=+NM

MS0]*LUEC
4@M[2.
.AZJ=H&1[=*V** 



M?[
GF3*1@AVQE@0 
&BYT'1[J*6*YTJPFCECCAD22V1@Z1DE%((Y52Q('09.



K$[-N9E&.6))(Y).:UJ* *WVS^W

M6X'49.#U&:TZ* 
V70-&FA$





W5W(PVR3&+.



M_P#%4;;C_GK%_P!^S_\ %5-10!#MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 




K-GRSV

54U% $




M[]G_ .*J:FS2QPQ/+
7'<7<)9IV!Y=%ZX[<X'X]+I\.^([C








M_9_^*HVW'_/6+_OV?_BJFHH AVW'_/6+_OV?_BJ-MQ_SUB_[]G_XJIJ* (=M






MK%_W[/\ \51MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 




M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0VG^J;_KH__H1J:H;3_5-_UT?_ --34 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4-W_JE_ZZ)_Z$*FJ&[_ -4O_71/_0A0!-1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %0O_ ,?D7_7-_P:U-4+_P#'Y%_US?\ FM $U%%%


MZ[$


!0.@ IU%%;'G[D-[_ 










M%D(7N0JC/]*[.]_X\Y_^N;?RJ:ATY?S/\/\ (%B:-]:*^^7_ 
D4-$UBPUNQ



M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@%_\ C\B_ZYO_ #6IJA?_ (_(O^N;_P U
MJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHK-UG7M

M'_\ 0C4U0VG^J;_KH_\ Z$:FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H;O_ %2_]=$_
M]%35#=_ZI?^NB?^A@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *A?\ X_(O^N;_
M 
UJ:H7_ ./R+_KF_P#-: )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J%/^/R7_KF
MG\VJ:H4_X_)?^N:?S:@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AM/]4W_71_\
MT(U-4-I_JF_ZZ/\ ^A&@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *ALO^/.#_KFO
M\JFJ&R_X\X/^N:_RH FHHHH **** $9@BEF(50

MLI


MQI#$D4**D: *JJ

M /7-OY5-0 4444 %%-D=(T9Y&5$49+

0#YMQ<70+GN?E;KZ]J]HHH=+W;*C&$FYXB$:DGUE%?@ME


BO4*Y_5/#&F:_8VK7T!6Y2-?+NH3L
MEC..

/Y'(H=)KX6S.


PHHHH **** BBB@&]_X\Y_^N;?RJ:H;






+)\)?V!]G_

'V6)H8%0QPYS




M_P)HW7'_/*+_OX?_B:FHH AW7'_ #RB_P_A_\ B:-UQ_SRB_[^'_XFIJ*
M(=UQ_P \HO\ OX?_ (FH4:X^V2_NHO\ 5I_RT/JW^S5RH4_X_)?^N:?S:@ W



MWMG!.XR$

T


M4W_(/T75[X=C;VSX_-@*ZNTTVQLYI);2RMH)9/OO%$JEOJ0.:MT6EW!0Q+^*
';2UT^QO!'_
&M'2QMF,C9+RS, &E<GDG^0]A63O.7*GIU_R.Z.!="K5JLN9_M
M%_V\]/N77?8YG1]!\8:7ID%A8WF@V=O$


M[=ODC'Y=/TS4O\ PC?BO_H;I?\ P'3_  KN**.1?TP6!I+O_P!2_S.#NO#
MGBE;:4MXLE90A)'D)SQ]*2W\*^*X1)GQA.VYBW
*G'YY_3 KM[W_ (\Y_P#K



TW4+34[1+K3[B*XMWZ/&V1]/8^U6:L[$U)76Q#NN/^


MTUS2YK#4+:)X91U$IRI[
#MX(K6HI-)JS*A.4)*479HXOPQK&HZ?J \-Z^8Y







M AW7'_/*+_OX?_B:-UQ_SRB_[^'_ .)J:B@F[7'VR+]U%_JW_Y:'U7_ &:F
MW7'_ #RB_P_A_\ B:'_ ./R+_KF_P#-:FH AW7'_/*+_OX?_B:-UQ_SRB_[





/=2ET73Y&CTU<?;KQ/^6SCD11GH<'!)_\ K9[+1=&T_1;1;?2[2*WC


M3=MQJ+D[)&A7(^)-=O+O43X?\


MEM*


M4U'*MS26-J.
865EY)_F9?AV#5K?3RFO7=O=WF\D201^6NW P

MZ7X_O;ZZL]4U#38Y7
ENC_NGB)POE@\9&00!SQSWKW&BAQN31Q7LW*\4^;^M



MCSG_ .N;?RJ:H;W_ (\Y_P#KFW\JFH **** BBB@ KB?%G_ !3OB?3_ !)'
M\MG/BRU''0*3\DA^AX)],NVJIJ^GP:KI=U87:[H+B
QM[9[CW'6HJ1YEIN=

M=.$N97(KT71J.F^GX]G\UJ%%%%49$-W_ *I?^NB?^AIJAN_]4O_ %T3_P!
M%34 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!#/_K;;_KH?_06J:H9_P#6VW_70_\
MH+5-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $+_\?D7_ %S?^:U-4+_\?D7_ %S?
M^:U-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!#:?ZIO^NC_ /H1J:H;3_5-_P!='_\ 0C4U
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5#=_ZI?\ KHG_ *$*FJ&[_P!4O_71/_0A0!-1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %0O_P ?D7_7-_YK4U0O_P ?D7_7-_YK0!-1









KGJYSW-1


MV





BYVG#22V_R?D_^6Z*XGPUJ-UX?U1


M %%%% $


4

M7'DQG&4C$CL(UX'X' H ZBBB@ HHHH ;([(!MC9_\ =Q_4BH_.?_GVE_-?
M_BJFHH A\Y_^?:7\U_\ BJ/.?_GVE_-?_BJFHH IVDS^4W^C2_ZQ^Z_WC_M5
M-YS_ //M+^:__%46G^J;_KH__H1J:@'SG_Y]I?S7_XJCSG_ .?:7\U_^*J:
MB@'SG_Y]I?S7_XJCSG_ .?:7\U_^*J:B@'SG_Y]I?S7_XJCSG_ .?:7\U_
M^*J:B@'SG_Y]I?S7_XJCSG_ .?:7\U_^*J:B@'SG_Y]I?S7_XJH;N9_*7_
M $:7_6)W7^\/]JKE0W?^J7_KHG_H0H /.?\ Y]I?S7_XJCSG_P?:7\U_P#B
MJFHH A\Y_P#GVE_-?_BJ/.?_ )]I?S7_ .*J:B@'SG_ .?:7\U_^*H\Y_\
MGVE_-?\ XJIJ* (?.?\ Y]I?S7_XJCSG_P?:7\U_P#BJFHH A\Y_P#GVE_-

M_P#BJFHH A\Y_P#GVE_-?_BJA29_MDO^C2_ZM.Z^K?[57*A3_C\E_PN:?S:
M@ \Y_P#GVE_-?_BJ/.?_ )]I?S7_ .*J:B@'SG_ .?:7\U_^*H\Y_\ GVE_


M:\/2
RIM34);A$4$KG**?O$9Q]15-V



O7H=!YS_\ /M+^
M:_\ Q5'G/_S[2_FO_P 57C/Q
/CQ-&5;C6-)5%E!=-/F-O+CGDEB

M%S1?$VMW'A'2-!TC4%N_%DF3+.-LR01;CS(YRI.TJ.
_GUGVB3LR*\:-G*




M^&'PZD\( W%YJ4T]VQ;



M[:37HOZ_(])GU(KIKWMM:7%W&(C
BP%&


M

ZMO:RVT1W?G/_S[2_FO_P 51YS_ //M+^:__%5Y


?6JMMKWQ%\&F:3QCI4/


M?_BJ/.?_ )]I?S7_ .*J:B@'SG_ .?:7\U_^*H\Y_\ GVE_-?\ XJIJ* (?
M.?\ Y]I?S7_XJJ-UIUA=WB7=UHT$UW&-J320Q,ZCT#$Y'4UJ44#3:V.._P$
M)TB'6H=4TNSO=+NDD5W%C


P&%2[LKG]RSGL006
M4?7Z5T'PU\8#QIH4E\;0VLL

G
M$471J.#Z?BNC^:*=W

MHG_H0J:J
2'SG_Y]I?S7_P*H\Y_^?:7\U_^*J:B@'SG_Y]I?S7_P*H\Y_
M^?:7\U_^*J:B@'SG_Y]I?S7_P*H\Y_^?:7\U_^*J:B@'SG_Y]I?S7_P*
MH\Y_^?:7\U_^*J:B@'SG_Y]I?S7_P*H\Y_^?:7\U_^*J:B@G/
_FVW^C2

M )]I?S7_ .*H\Y_^?:7\U_\ BJFHH A\Y_\ GVE_-?\ XJCSG_Y]I?S7_P*
MJ:B@'SG_P?:7\U_P#BJ/.?_GVE_-?_ (JIJ* *;S/]LB_T:7_5OW7U7_:J
M;SG_ .?:7\U_^*H?_C\B_PN;_S6IJ (?.?_ )]I?S7_ .*H\Y_^?:7\U_\



5[^_8RYG)^X9I^*?AR7C31J6IGTM+
M&1L_F![_ )4U_'&LW*'^R? ^N2-@[?MFRV_/)-=X2L:$L0J*
DG@ 5R'B#XF

MXFL0KL%L6# GU4C('N1BMN#QKX5N1;^)M#E(./DOXF_DU8^R?6X1PE*7O3








MG5_]+_S




M:H01Z'BKY*?5/[R

M.$1 9_V2



Z'O^1R7_Y
M_A]_T

M_P#W[7_ETY%CL+=8U55$:XC '%%X]@M/NON_X)YHOQKT+4[B6U\(Z;K7B.


MW6)S'&S;(T52S2/@G: /IU.!ZFH/&/BNS\-6T8=)+O4;@[+2Q@&Z6=O8=AZG


%;FEM^9
I._+'

MBHQ40HHHJ2B&]_X\Y_\ KFW\JFJ&]_X\Y_\ KFW\JFH XWQ=\-_#WB:Y%[-;

7U)4\46=E^\M=5M%


MM?X5?$F+58+/3]7N1



\V/4(G /LU1R?#4ZK=PW/BWQ#




K:


M]&2:?DOQ5CB)O NNR0NB^/-:4LI .Q./RP?R(IMKX$UZ&WCC?Q[K3LHP6V+S
M^9)_





M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $-
MI_JF_PNC_\ H1J:H;3_ %3?]='_ /0C4U !1110 4444 %%%9'BGQ)I/A72
M)=3UV\CM+1. 6/S.W957JS'T%5]A-VU9IW
\-K;R3W


M5W\

M_9K-#WS
:8NA_%367GDUOQ1IV@VDDJ%+;3;59W0$CY=[@8QP<Y/.

M/$^J:]XB?.2NH7[^6#[*FW ]JK:AX?T2.^/A;P1HFFV=RR8O[^.W4FVB/!7?




















X6NF6X<1?[.U2

M


2ZCX::0*-Q





22#_5V*'K




4XR2DBEE!/(Y!S@AC[!7CWQ+^&5_=:O

M
+:SZ@
$#H$9^CKV$G?O[:RBJBYH[F



I^S6W^[D?._H.G3J


Z[9$R
X8=CZBK%%3&-CJQ&(C7M
M[B37;J0WO_'G/_US;^535Y[XA\%WVG6FHW_A'7-2L[ADDE-G))Y\
K')( ?.
MTGGGGK6=\%IO&
L^J#Q6M^+4!?*-\A5_
SSMR



MMT] /2(I$FB26)UDC=0RNIR&!Z$'N*$[D5:3IZIW3V?]=?(=7%^/(GTC4-/\
M56B$FR/D7JJ.9+9CS]=I.1_]:NTJ.Z@BNK:6WN$$D
J%'0]&4C!%3./-&Q6&

 G.:CT3P9;Z9J-G=RZIJNHFPB


MQ_\ EDW]X^U3?:4_NR_]^F_PHM/]4W_71_\ T(U-0!#]I3^[+_WZ;_C[2G]
MV7_OTW^%344 0_:4_NR_]^F_PH^TI_=E_P_3?X5-7A?Q=\9ZEXFUO\ X0+P

MRJF


MU[AKN_D$




M0!#]I3^[+_WZ;_C[2G]V7_OTW^%34FY=VW(W8SC/.* (OM*?W9?^_3?X4?:
M4_NR_P#?IO\ IJ* (?M*?W9?^_3?X56GE@EN8TEB=T

MT@X.#@]ZB?\ X_(O^N;_ 



(X=U7:$;ORW_ YBU^(ATUUM_&VDW6B2D[5
MN@C2VLA]G R

M5_JT
@VE[B
0P./]YNH]B*XRY^&GB.ZFFNM+EL/#JS!B]G9W$P1R01A@



+;
?W=Q_MQO_ !Y]SGZXKOJCV4HN]3?\/E_F5/%1E#V=#2/7


5;HI2FY:=!Q@HZ]
M2'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO_?IO\*FHJR'[2G]V7_ +]-_A1]I3^[+_WZ;_I


MO'3N:['PWXFT?Q);&;1[Z*XVCYX\[9(_]Y3R*F5-K7=#C43TV9I_:4_NR_\
M?IO\*/M*?W9?^_3?X5-14%D/VE/[LO\ WZ;_  H^TI_=E_[]-_A4U% $/VE/

K,<?IVK=^TI_=E_[]-_A4U%9MN3NS1))61#]I3^[+_WZ;_C[2G]V7_ +]-

M5-0!#]I3^[+_ -^F_P */M*?W9?^_3?X5-10!#]I3^[+_P!^F_PH^TI_=E_[



01GAE!R,$$$@9!!KTS4+*VU&RFL[Z!)[:9=DD;C
M(85YC ES\/M7:RUH[\$7)$=M/*HD-FQ^ZDA(SLY8 G(''3D5NN6HMM?S.=J





M/M*?W9?^_3?X5R6A?%#P9K:


MMQII[$/VE/[LO_?IO\*/M*?W9?\ OTW^%344AD/VE/[LO_?IO\*/M*?W9?\
<__7-O
MY5-0!S_B#P]H'B%-8TM+ER,4P




Y&?KGU*FS11S1/%
BR1N

M+QP-2MT&?*8])E'\_P#Z_&4OW;YUL]_\_P#


M@'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO\ WZ;_  J:B@'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO_ 'Z;

MU34 0_:4_NR_]^F_PH^TI_=E_P_3?X5-10!#]I3^[+_ -^F_P */M*?W9?^
M_3?X5-10!#]I3^[+_P!^F_PH^TI_=E_[]-_A4U% $/VE/[LO_?IO\*/M*?W9
M?^_3?X5-10!#]I3^[+_WZ;_C[2G]V7_ +]-_A4U% %-[E/MD7RR_PK?_ED
MWJOM4WVE/[LO_?IO\*'_ ./R+_KF_P#-:FH A^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_P!^
MF_PJ:B@'[2G]V7_ +]-_A1]I3^[+_WZ;_IJ* (?M*?W9?^_3?X4?:4_NR_
M]^F_PJ:B@'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO\ WZ;_  J:B@'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/
M[LO_ 'Z;_IJ* &1RK(2%#C']YO\Q3Z** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;3_5-_UT?_T(U-4-I_JF_PNC_\ H1J:@ HH
MKRWXT?$D^%X(]#\/@7/BB^4-%&[[

7)V1
I**NS.^
MOQ#O(+U?!?@K?/XDO

M .M7GWA2U\8^
KNXU/4[^XTO2[M0GEPDKF/.0L0/3/=SUSQD5'\*_!VI:M:6
MFJ^


=EM:0C
DS

MD;^;






LMY\G


;Y-WG;MQ]I?\ GG/ZUVM%'L*?\J!9CBE_R\E][.._X5QX
M=_YXW7_@7)_C1_PKCP[_ 

O#D



M *AM/]4W_71__0C4U0VG^J;_ *Z/_PA&@:BBB@ HHHH *Y;Q)X%T?6[D7J


M 




E#Z'G@U+_;^C?]!;3_ /P)3_&N4A^#W@&%Y63P



M:?3ZT3_![P#/LW^&;


M/L3_ !'^&%EXLNI-2@N);;4_*V#H8Y/N[N,CTR/;BM'X5:Y=:KX?:UU:7=J
MUC(8)T:,1L /NDC/IQG Y!X[G'/@/QC99.C_ !*U-0.BW]C%=9]B3@_C7Z_



-?#4'B;2/L[2-;WL+:SNT^_;RCHP/IZC
M_PL:;75%4:D;.G4^%_@^_\ GY&S=_ZI?^NB?^AGS11SPO%
BO$ZE61AD
#


M/2)9/!6N)HMX[-H-ZY_L^=SGR'/)A8^A[?\ Z\=Y6?KVD6FN:5/I]^FZ&48R




MZ%X

A?_C\
MB_ZYO_-:FJ%_^/R+_KF_\UJ:F0%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0VG^J;_KH__H1J

^GK
M)Y]J+OF:]E[W

MXI66H-)IGA _:-5=BBW$XV6\*@$M*6/50!GW_0\[:6YVTJ
ZM^5:+=]%ZGHF


M$/94%9/=O=_Y+R^]L*AN_P#5+_UT3_T(5-4-W_JE_PNB?\ H0K4XR:BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *A?_C\B_PN;_S6IJA?_C\B_PN;_S6@:BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *A3_C\E_PN:?S:IJA3_C\E_PN:?S:@:BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AM/]4W_71__0C4U0VG^J;_ *Z/_PA&@:BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *ALO\ CS@_ZYK_ J:H;+_ (\X/^N:_P J )J*
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&]_X\Y_^N;?RJ:H;W_CSG_ZYM_*IJ BBB@






MA6:VG0JRD=/0CT(Z@^M7J*$[:HAJ^C/






MBO;VXL4O_#-\5_M733QAB1B:/D8;.


M6_!





E)73.6I2G2ERU%9A1115&9#/_ *VV_PNA_\ 06J:
MH9_];;?]=#_ZU34 %%([*B



MHHHH A?_ (_(O^N;_P UJ:H7_P/R+_KF_\ -:FH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HK$\1^(X-%GLK46EYJ&HWI?[/9V:J9) @!=L


M1M9GT/3_ #8?=K,[7E]&3B](8$0HV.!D\X)R!GTSZC:6T-G:Q6UK$D4$2A(
MXT& JC@ 5NW[-6Z_U^/Y&C[1WZ?U^'YC5N;95K-% P ''%+]KM_\ GO%_

M4F[2=EW&VOB_1+[5K_3H+E9!9Q;[BXP/(7U3?TSCG'U]#7@47A6RUGQ7=6O@
M[S18#/[Z\DPBC/7.


\7_ 'V*FHH A^UV_P#SWB_[[%'VNW_Y[Q?]]BIJ* (?M=O_
M ,]XO^^Q1]KM_P#GO%_WV*FILCI%&SR,J(HRS,< #U)H C^UV_\ SWB_[[%0
MO=6_VR+]_%_JW_C'JM<C)\4?#\LCPZ,NHZU<HQ4PZ?9O(<@XSD@+CW!JN^K^
M.M7N8_[+TQT:


UV^G:
M)I6FX_L[3+*UQT\B!4_D*T*+








MSG_ZYM_*IJ (?M=O_P ]XO\ OL4?:[?_ )[Q?]]BHM6U.RTBQDO-3NHK6UC&









DF







MMU\WNB/2M.M-*L(K+3X%@MHAA47^9]3[U;HHKI2MHC)MMW84444BBB@ J&







M 


M/


M %[4%7.W3T#Q@]P6SV[D @9IHN/B'K?^IL]*\-VS?Q3O]JG ]0!\GX&IYET.

M94_B/N?_ *]=X    

**** BBB@ HHHH
M *ALO^/.#_KFO\JFJ&R_X\X/^N:_RH FHHHH XSQAX8NFU!/$7A9TM_$$X=


I&

ZE)

.QZCK4\W*[O1FO\ :M2E


M 'T *?JUMX/\86K6^H_V/JB.I3ET=U!_NL#N4_3!JN925DS?#8_#2FY/EE=6


85I:S:EZI/\
M-'%RS^/K2)S]ET*_(!V^4\D;$^^[ HAUCQJ84






MG=FB2BK(****0PHHHH **** BBB@#S.1+KP]J7C_T[Q?H%K9&\6^OH[W2Y


MM);^%87Q-.





/4


RW2#]VQ_WEROUS4O1W.JD_:4Y4GONOU7S7Y'H%0I_Q^2_]<T_FU35G_'Y
M+_US3^;51RDU%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5#:?ZIO^NC_P#H1J:H;3_5


/^6=E:2.?U '



]#HK@?L7Q(O/]?JOA[30?\ GUMY)B/^
N_]4O_ %T3_P!%35R-[X_\)KY



%I/\ A//G_0PZ9_X$+4N


]Z4J
5JEH*.#PM[.G&_HCD/&OP?TB\T=AX7M8['4E8


M78.K-*+=/_MYV_!K\3J-

MKS;58_%5OI;:9KN@VGB/2M@C\ZTG*7& 


M



O#H^H
?FC!_T

M='\.W-IH%FJ[YKZXN L@4?W3G@_[N?J*APA4?*_^&%1Q\J




\8Z-X=N;[2O$=[J%Q%@^2MK&#MSR1C).!VHDUR\D;V]=_
MQ_ =/$XEUU[2A9O174$DK[VO^-KFM+IOCPSPF/7=*$8SO'V;&?3C!S^8J;^S





MI9IK$BS@VZ2


M$D1MC&\:E7#NVX-YG#?+RI^6CPYI/B+P]X?M].M(])N&C2\D+2SR*#

MY.22=Q)- '?4444 %%%% !139(UD #%AC^ZQ7^51_9D_O2_]_6_QH FHJ'[

M_


5UL')]#D_K7??9D_O2_]

GVU/ _]!J.^^&-O

G]Z7_OZW^-'V9/[TO_ '];_&CE0?6Z
MRU4OR

M^]+_ -_6_P ::5MC&=251WF[LFHJ'[
G]Z7_ +^M_C1]F3^]+_W];_&F035#

G]Z
M7_OZW^-'V9/[TO\ W];_ !H FHJ'[



CR3RGL%0'/XG ]ZYM-



M\^1CZ;4S@_7%9!\1^


'[D;^;_R7^;.!E^&\^N+N


O1I(A(P_X$V36_P#9
MD_O2_P#?UO\ &C[
G]Z7_OZW^-/E1




M345#]F3^]+_W];_&C[

MM_C0!-14/V9/[TO_ '];_&C[
G]Z7_OZW^- $U0V7_'G!_US7^5'V9/[TO\

8*Y)XH^S?$+1_P#4WND^

MQ%?301XJ\-ZOI.T?-
L?VB ?]M$_PIR_%SP2R@G62I(S@VLV1_XY7:M:1.I5
M_
92


91/#VED$8R]LK'\R:W?LR?WI?^
M_K?XT?9D_O2_]_6_QI.I-[MC5.V1G#PSH(  T32P!V^R1_X4O\ PC6A?] 7
M3/\ P$C_ 
EE
MTD3:?LD?&6 /:K/_  C6A?\ 0%TS_P !(_\ K5W;)Y2_-+_ *Q/^6K?WA[U

G]Z7_OZW^-'V9/[TO\ W];_ !HYGW'RKL9

?##P==0^6^B01\YW1.R
/Q!KS_QE\)-2
MCGCO]#NI=0EM^8)#-Y%_!CH$G'#@= '' X'6O;?LR?WI?^_K?XT?9D_O2_\
M?UO\:M5IK=W(E1@^ECP7PY\7=:\
72Z9X[M)[V!




M\(_ ?B7PY=RSZGJ/V2T
@+649$HGX(W$_P /4=.3CGM7E
FBVUG-F&Z\0:E!


4G=3G.<8Z5OZ
MGX*N?$-Y<^(?&36_A^)1^^%O,2[HHPS%B@XXX'X5R
'@*&.14T[P=XMC!4D


T
M]9;N^]CTC3]

M%
^'/^?_ 


Y


M34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4+_\?D7_ %S?^:U-4+_\?D7_ %S?^:T
M34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% '%_%;3IYO#\6KZ:N=4T287\&/XE7[Z?0K


M BBB@ HHHH **** H;3_5-_P!='_\ 0C4U0VG^J;_KH_\ Z$: )J\ZU+6O
M$OB+Q=JWA_PU):Z?I]AL2YU1E\R0
R@E$7INY(]L'D'%=?XMUN'P[X;U#5KC



M_=MYL\A[_

MG*H^:3NPHHHH(BBB@ HHHH *ALO^/.#_KFO\JFJ&R_X\X/^N:_RH FHHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** (;W_CSG_PN;?RJ:H;W_CSG_PN;?RJ:@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** H;+_CS@_ZYK_*IJALO^/.#_KFO\J )J*** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@&]_X\Y_\ KFW\JFJ&]_X\Y_\ KFW\JFH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@&[_U2_P#71/\ T(5-4-W_ *I?^NB?^AIJ BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AG_ -;;?]=#_P@M4U0S_ZVV_ZZ'_T%JFH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@%_P#C\B_ZYO\ S6IJA?\ X_(O^N;_ ,UJ:@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@&T_U3?]='_P#0C4U0VG^J;_KH_P#Z$:FH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** H;O\ U2_]=$_]%35#=_ZI?\ KHG_ *$* )J*** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ J%_^/R+_KF_\UJ:H7_X_(O^N;_S6@:BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH *\T^+$DN@:GI/B^SADFDTQUAN40??MY-X;)]B!CW:O2ZS]


M%
SBBB@ HHHH **** H;3_ %3?]='_ /0C4U4GNH;'3;J[NG$=O!YLLCG^



MHH **** BBB@ HHHH *ALO^/.#_ *YK_*IJALO^/.#_ *YK_*@:BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH AO?\ CSG_ .N;?RJ:H;W_ (\Y_P#KFW\JFH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&[_P!4O_71/_0A4U0W?^J7_KHG_H0J:@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** (9_];;?]=#_ .@M4U0S_PMMO\ KH?_ $%JFH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@%_^/R+_KF_\UJ:H7_X_(O^N;_S6IJ BBB
QEO851+M%
M)*X8E3@@[7MCG'!KE]-TV[O?A5=^$I+2_MM0U2SU...22V=8XBTL@42-C[
MO,! /49Q5FVN+OQ1K_@W;H^IZ=_8SR7=\UW:ML3_9WA$*

F4G*;EPG7D

_
OY+_ /$T 345#Y+_ //S


30!-14/DO_ 
_

30!-14
M/DO_ 
_

30!-14/DO_ 
_

M_DO_ 
30!-14/DO_ 
_

30!-4-W_JE_PNB?\
MH0H\E_\ GYE_)?\ XFH;N%_*7_29?]8G9?[P_P!F@Y14/DO_P _
OY+_P#$

31Y+_\_
OY+_\ $T 345#Y+_\
M/S+^2_\ Q-'DO_S\R_DO_P 30!-14/DO_P _

M$U%0^2__ #\R_DO_ 
31Y+_\_


M !- $U%0^2__ #\R_DO_ 
31Y+_\_
OY+_\ $T 345#Y+_\ /S+^2_\ Q-'D
MO_S\R_DO_P 30!-14/DO_P _

M_DO_ 
31Y+_\_
OY+_\ $T 35G_ !^2_P#7-/YM1Y+_ //S+^2__$UD+_;
M)?\ 29?]6G9?5O\ 9H XKQ#_ 

MIM4%)5^5QC;QR

MR_ZMNR^G^[4WDO\ \_
OY+_\30!-14/DO_S\R_DO_P 31Y+_ //S+^2__$T
M345#Y+_\_

O
MY+_\30!-14/DO_S\R_DO_P 31Y+_ //S+^2__$T 345#Y+_\_

M_P#S\R_DO_Q- $U0V7_'G!_US7^5'DO_ 
_
OY+_ /$U#90O]C@_TF7_ %:]

M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0VG^J;_KH__H1J
M:H;3_5-_UT?_ --34 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4-W_JE_ZZ)_Z$*FJ&[_
M -4O_71/_0A0!-1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %0O_ ,?D7_7-_P:U-4+

+Z+'\2+_K$/L5R3_NU
NYTX9IR=-[2T^?3\3MZ*JZ3?P:KI


M. J@9))]* .)^+NOMI/AL:=9







M 0W?^J7_ *Z)_PAIJAN_\ 5+_UT3_T(5-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% $
_\ K;;_ *Z'_P!!:IJAG_UMM_UT/_H+5-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444



M+RD@E(\FYBRQ

M]_KD5*TT.NO'VJ]M'Y^3_P=!1115'(%%%% !7G?CNXE\4^(+?P5ITC+;D+


MTMM!%:VT5O;1K%!$@1$48J!@ ?A3;3_ %3?]='_ /0C4U0VG^J;_KH__H1J
MCEW)J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&R_X\X/^N:_RJ:H;+_CS@_ZYK_*@
M:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AO?^/.?_ *YM_*IJAO?^/.?_ *YM_*IJ
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *ALO^/.#_KFO\JFJ&R_X\X/^N:_RH FH
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;W_CSG_PN;?RJ:H;W_CSG_PN;?RJ:@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;O_5+_ -=$_P#0A4U0W?\ JE_ZZ)_Z$*FH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&?\ UMM_UT/_ *U35#/_K;;_KH?_06J
M:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (7_ ./R+_KF_P#-:FJ%_P#C\B_ZYO\




L'FVLL*W#&6B=UR 9'*$
MCFN0\

VX_YZQ?\ ?L__ !5 $U%0[;C_ )ZQ?]^S_P#%4;;C_GK%
M_P!^S_\ %4 %I_JF_PNC_\ H1J:J=HMQY3?O8O]8_\ RS/]X_[53;;C_GK%
M_P!^S_\ %4 345#MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 

M4;;C_GK%_P!^S_\ %4 345#MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 


ML_\ Q5 $U%0[;C_GK%_W[/\ \51MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 
50!-14.VX_YZQ?]^S_

M!GBN'Q#'/;7$#6&M69V7EA+]^-O4?WE/8CUKI:X_QAX1GUB:#5-+O([#Q!9C

T;2DT;2[;3


MO^_9_P#BJ-MQ_P ]8O\ OV?_ (J@:BH=MQ_SUB_[]G_ .*HVW'_ #UB_P_

M?\]8O^_9_P#BJ )J*AVW'_/6+_OV?_BJ-MQ_SUB_[]G_ .*H +W_ (\Y_P#K





MO^_9_P#BJ-MQ_P ]8O\ OV?_ (J@:BH=MQ_SUB_[]G_ .*HVW'_ #UB_P_





MII] !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $-I_JF_Z
MZ/\ ^A&IJAM/]4W_ %T?_P!-34 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4-W_JE_PN
MB?\ H0J:H;O_ %2_]=$_]% $U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5__ !^1

M_P#7-/YM4U0I_P ?DO\ US3^;4 34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4-I_J
MF_ZZ/_Z$:FJ&T_U3?]='_P#0C0!-1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %0V7_'




M[_U2_P#71/\ T(5-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $
_^MMO^NA_]!:IJ


M_0A0!-1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %0O_ 
?D7_7-_P:U-4+_P#'Y%_U
MS?\ FM $U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5G_'Y+_US3^;5-4*?\?DO_7-



MY4 34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $-[_QYS_\ 7-OY5-4-[_QYS_\ 7-OY

M54U34[#2+)[S5;VUL;1


30!-14


?D7_7-_P:T;KC_GE%_P!_#_\ $U[7'VR+]U%



M\/\ \30!-4*?\?DO_7-/YM1NN/\ GE%_W\/_ 


M14.ZX_YY1?\ ?P__ !-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!-14.ZX_YY1?\ ?P__ !-&ZX_Y
MY1?]_#_\30!-14.ZX_YY1?\ ?P__ !-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!-14.ZX_YY1?\
M?P__ !-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!-14.ZX_YY1?\ ?P__ !-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!-

M_P!_#_\ $T 345#NN/\ GE%_W\/_ 

30!-14



M %[_ 

M0[KC_GE%_P!_#_\ $T;KC_GE%_W\/_Q- $U%0[KC_GE%_P!_#_\ $T;KC_GE
M%_W\/_Q- $U%0[KC_GE%_P!_#_\ $T;KC_GE%_W\/_Q- $U%0[KC_GE%_P!_
M#_\ $T;KC_GE%_W\/_Q- $U%0[KC_GE%_P!_#_\ $T;KC_GE%_W\/_Q- !=_

MW\/_ 




M4-W_ *I?^NB?^A@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *A?_ (_(O^N;_P U
MJ:H7_P/R+_KF_\ -: )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J%/\ C\E_ZYI_
M-JFJ%/\ C\E_ZYI_-J )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&T_U3?\ 71__
M $(U-4-I_JF_ZZ/_ .A&@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *ALO^/.#_KF
MO\JFJ&R_X\X/^N:_RH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;W_CSG_ZYM_*I
MJAO?^/.?_KFW\JFH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&R_X\X/^N:_RJ:H
M;+_CS@_ZYK_*@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AO?^/.?_KFW\JFJ&]_X
M\Y_^N;?RJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;O_5+_P!=$_\ 0A4U0W?^
MJ7_KHG_H0J:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (9_\ 6VW_ %T/_H+5-4,_
M^MMO^NA_]!:IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH A?_ (_(O^N;_P UJ:H7
M_P/R+_KF_\ -:FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AM/]4W_ %T?_P!-35#:?ZI
MO^NC_P#H1J:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AN_\ 5+_UT3_T(5-4-W_JE_ZZ
M)_Z$* )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J%_P#C\B_ZYO\ S6IJA?\ X_(O
M^N;_ ,UH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H4_X_)?^N:?S:IJA3_C\E_Z
MYI_-J )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&T_U3?]='_P#0C4U0VG^J;_KH
M_P#Z$: )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&R_X\X/^N:_RJ:H;+_CS@_ZY
MK_*@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AO?^/.?_ *YM_*IJAO?^/.?_ *YM
M_*IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *ALO^/.#_KFO\JFJ&R_X\X/^N:_R
MH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;W_CSG_PN;?RJ:H;W_CSG_PN;?RJ
M:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;O_5+_ -=$_P#0A4U0W?\ JE_ZZ)_Z
M$*FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&?\ UMM_UT/_ *U35#/_K;;_KH?
M_06J:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (7_ ./R+_KF_P#-:FJ%_P#C\B_Z
MYO\ S6IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB



M_H'W7_?47_Q= %NBJGVN;_H'W7_?47_Q='VN;_H'W7_?47_Q= %NBJGVN;_H
M'W7_ 'U%_P#%T?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 

M $#[K_OJ+_XNC[7-_P! ^Z_[ZB_^+H MT54^US?] ^Z_[ZB_^+H^US?] ^Z_




M47_Q='VN;_H'W7_?47_Q= %NBJGVN;_H'W7_ 'U%_P#%T?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_
M 

M%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T
M?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 
71]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %
MNBJGVN;_ *!]U_WU%_\ %T?:YO\ H'W7_?47_P 70!;J&R_X\X/^N:_RJ+[7

M%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T
M?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 
71]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q= $

M?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 
71]KF_
MZ!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %NBJGVN;_ *!]U_WU%_\ %T?:YO\ H'W7_?47_P 70!;H
MJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z
M!]U_WU%_\70!+=_ZI?\ KHG_ *$*FK/N+B=T 73[K(=3]Z+LP/\ ?]JE^US?


M_P! ^Z_[ZB_^+H MT54^US?] ^Z_[ZB_^+H^US?] ^Z_[ZB_^+H E?\ X_(O
M^N;_ 





01V)!Z@D$&@#4HHHH
LT5Q@^(5D\.GB'2=8EOKRZGLA8I%'YT4T2EG1R7#@<
&*\CFN

LT
NU6




MM4TO^R#9RW]GI

$ ZNBN#NM4U'PAXETBUUC6
M9-4T?5/.C\^\BBCEMI8XFESF)$4H41QRN00.3FH/$'Q%NK7P3J^NZ9X:UC;;
MV#WUI+=QQ)%.@&0Y EW*
$




MM6.-@'_=B4@ECDB0&@#T6BN%\/\ Q#BU?1=

M_


MG?\ VC;6MOY&S'E^29CG=GG/G=


G  Y/6MNB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH \[\6?ZT\2IKZWM_(@U3



FT44 %%%% !1110 4444 %5M3AN+C3YX;&[-G=.A

M7EL_O

7LV^5L@CAQG)W9\O.<#KCMFMNBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH X*]\!7NMO='Q/KHU#=I=UI5N8+,6Y2.XB21_F8/(0B
M] BC!^7FJ6I?#G5-8ANAK'B*VEDET*YT.
V^FF)468QGS2#*Q+#R^1D YXVX
F)9K.
M^ER:<K.92YQ2L9#@ 98G;DC'0UZ-110 4444 %%%% !1110 5D:_8:M=/:S





1Q_

MYW^@QBNBHH \WT#X:3^'M*TM-*UXG5=-N;N:&]O+7SA)'
M)* ]R*EU;X;OJ'AFYM%UI[?7;B_;4FU6.V7*3


M:2RBL;F-M/$D+K&6*.D:N@1P9)/5?FY4XKM** &Q*RQ(KN78  L0 6/KQ3J*
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH










M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44

MLK6O$_\ 9F@Z-J7V/S?[1N[*U\OS=OE_:)43=G!SMWYQ@9QVH Z2BO-;KXB:


US-+

1)%9








;<74E\
MJ2O&%#.\,05@VT9X=D)(.!TRS5_&-]%J.JV^@Z'_ &I#I$227TANQP+)Y@C
MB7:=\FPJV&*#YEYR: .SHKA+?XDZ;=^*;'3+2WE?3[C2Y-3;4GRL2JJQ.%48
M^8[)58D'C(ZDG&EX6\0:QK9M+N;P^+/1[V$S6\[7@:95.GFQ;1LW Y&UGQT
M.* .IHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

K(2



MB+G2KB!/M=[!YDL[(0BH$9EVGG+.RGIQUJEX]\(ZGJ#W(TC3T


M\4]O(LD
JAT=3D


M^




KALG&556R



MB@#Q3P_X-\2:(EA-)#JC1OH\6GR6NG/8LT#))*S*PN 4*

M_A:[/P4O_#&D1SW-Y_9+6=O'/
A=FV852_RKQTSP.*[ZB@#S'_A!;JP\3ZV;



M:957#B1?M

M$%0HVO&P4+Z=
Y\/^)[GPUK6FPV5\UD+*!+.#4Y;4W/F1R!O+22(X





L*R.DT

M46B
D3^2DL)$;?*2-Q8]LD'/;FO5J* /


MKRG4?VL:+XN&U33T58_FE::Z/*C*;B*XD,D9VD\ .O.#GC/-?0-0WEK;

MLUVYN8V!/E





MQ^5:6T:Q11[BVQ%& 

M%%5 V   3TK+M]/TN&\\)0:3X=U#3=6^R7L=\9[*2%YIOL;@[G8#SW+9^=
M2_4_-S@^^NJNC*X!5A@@]Q6'H_A/1](O(KJS@G
\
9AA:XNYKCR4.
K&)&8(


M!&001D'L:FAC2&)(H45(T4*JJ
!0.@ H =1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11


RK&
 9&691D\#/.* -*BN1?XB^


.-N=V
]ZZ74]0M-+L)[[4KF*U


I'X4 7**** BLOQ1X@TSPMH5SK.O77V33;;9YLVQGV[G
M+PH)/S
!P.]1:]XGT;0+2QN=6OHX(+ZXCM;9MK/YLLGW%&T'KZ]/6@#9HKGI



MO?6
]G(Z @%



1H4(!8*BDGDC '+<X!P:JZ5XVT75-;BTBW
M.I0ZC+$\Z0WFEW5J6C4@,P,L:@@%E'7N* .DHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

/KM/M+_
M 
 E_D;7C&TFU#PCK=G:KON+BQGAC7U9HV 'YFO.+_Q%I?B7P_X.T71KM+G6
M$U'39KBQ4'S[58)4DE


/B7XO\/Z[\.O%UIHM_#J
Z
MZ)=R-):@RQQ#RRKR*J


M%[/4- NKS4GO[Z2:

!0.@ ]
M*=0!X+XB\/-K?Q$USP'*CC3+]W\1Y*_*-]L8




M*&PBU#4KFVN]&-W
EY=R3@S+*B[U#DA


^'D4KFSM8KO5]'LK#P?9W$



M/!WB/4KW2(]



M3[=S1$!AM8



M 'C_ (4T#^P?%_PW2[@5-8?P[=1W\O5Y)(X[)


M%LGS032_V7IIYQ]F@8AW'^_*9#[A5KO** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B





MEV_(.

MIVJZIY%[#M\R/[/*V


O )^@KT&RNK?4M/@
MN[9A+:742RQL5(#HPR#@\\@]#6#I?@3P[I=];75G8R*UJQ:VBDNII(+8D$9B







+SP



MM7MK/3K4]@!$)Y
./5;I8&E8Y9C)/+.3U&W!]*MZ3X:TG29[


M&F75_&SR-(H11#@H
Q


\1:?87OQ'\6&
N*]672K)=5CU(0_Z;';FT63<W$1
M8,5QG'51SC/%9.J^]&U/5)]1N!J45W<(D<S6FJ75LLBKG:&6*15.
GJ.] '
M!?#GQ!X@:PTC1M.N;#58;+PU:W[S3+)YUU
S3Q^4&9EV\Q*-S+D$'(.?E9XB




M 22
]3UKR7P5''X:\


M

'R8W8I%

C

M\2^

$L

M/A&XOK;7H[#49?L*WEH]C;RQ 


M;B6Z9HQDA TK

MV2+-DX4NKY5N1D8&





M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** &O%'(R
Z*S(=RDC)4]
CTIU%%

MXS
=V;N[N=4-@^L:F=LP:(I#%;F0*\4J;P!@X4%
'U'%:EUXUUI[.Q2_T&/3
MHM9M+B6UFBU#S)80ENTH\Q?+7:_ X5F Y^;@9W7\#Z6;HW+FXG;[5=7AAD==
6)(O*$<)A&Y



M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****

T
J7T6GVTDZEHXF<,S.
MP&-VU$<@9&2 ,US=U\/-8N-(UK0V\0VZ%JE]<WDJ+I;?:D$TS2E5E
^T$%L
M!O+XQG&:['Q3X?@\0Z2EG+//;2PRQW%M=0L/

5


MK%$M-.$
:^8


M@^#O'L






M*[


M/J:F)7






VJ:2+J.14=V1D3S%*
/


MS18-)C+PKN0Q/
_F]=O6;A
!_LEEX3M_PT-_\ 8-[+


PHVX
O(%/T3

MVLXYYK8WQ$?E&2)BKJ0'






MCE6SG1'EG$C^7&(_+=E8ER%QNR1G (-5?#GB74M5^(NJ:;=6=[IUI;Z3:W



=W2
MI-



I0 'G#$YRN+WA[Q'J-EJO@Q=2\20ZPG







DY.%7N:QO!_B74M8\0ZCI^I6=O:?9M-L+SRXV+LDD_G;T+' ('E+


8RG'(_

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@AX@U'

T'1M2^Q^;_:-W96OE
M^;M\O[1*B;LX.=N_.


MF:69+:VMH #)/


!U32KZ+4+=)B5CE9 R

^4Y:-61


$C VJW/2@#O[C7M'MM6ATJXU;3XM4F&8[.2Y19G'^R





5C^+OB58Z'HOAC4;*U.HIK]Q;QP*LH




@'4
M:U\4H=&\):IK-[I;^=I^KOI4MJD^X_*_


M_;6@-JR[
%#E<[@Y4C(Z@GKCKQ6+X0?6-&U'5;Z\-:H\%WJ]S<I?QS6I



I@
#G!'!Y%=

2:\_B75=*T'0].O5TZ&&622ZU-[=G
@8A4

M-M?N[CP_XDU&ROK6WBADTG6%LTRJN'$B_:8BWWAU5N_T(!V'AGQOHFO:/I%Z






@C!&!@YZUS?A3QM

0


MN^O;PM8+R:UBFFNT3K& ?

ME#+LCI-#JSIO95W QN


D3^2DL



QPWS-?LZXP0K*Y_C(



3
#
S^%?'320E
M?B#D*V3_ 







DBAD8$

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


M)4DE
R=8L-A\P'.!WH [!_B+X:CN)XY+F]2.Z:REN7TRZ6V297
;*9S'Y8

MU[;Q1^8[0INR0@R6V
4DP
GY.





I'X5YY8:A82^







.1QS4FG7UKJ5HMU87$5Q;L659(VW*2K%6&?8@C\*\_\


AMW\.!G^)_&

I)Z9H ][KF]7\:Z+I.




%I&)+J



M6:11&S




/5Y;JV.&5294E_X]I23Y8)& WIBO6497171@RL


E=PX.#D9'7%4H/$6BW
M&KOI4&L:=+JB9WV:72-
N.N4!W#\JI_$+^T_^$$\0_V!O_M;[!-]E\O[_F;#





I)X ZFB6^M(KZRENH$O)U9XH&D DD5<;BJ




H
E


M 

MMW7))ZU=HH @O+*UO?)^V6T%QY


M6.2QZ=*ZBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


*A,H&A8:*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#ZIHHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 






^H%6[WXPV.@?$+Q#I/B^YLM)TBQM+6:





M


(9/AI\5[6+0-6:


%.
'E
MAGM7/2QZOX+^-'BS5;GPCJWB*R\1PVZ65UI\*2^3L3:T4A8@1J3C))QA1UYQ




MF&0R2QG^/RPN\+[D 5\^Z[X%\7V7AS2KK2M

M0/EVHSH2V
#.:Z[QMX;\1^$OB8-9T$:ZFC2Z5!IUO-HFF07\UN(P!Y31R#*H


M



:XV



9W;


K/QKXN^
FG:WXZT_4;6UT6UN9=/
MEN;#[



KE#*&'R \$;L=L4 =[!\=_#=U\3=-\-6=Q'+IU
M];1&*^\N4$W4K 1P[G0JR-N/ W8.,&NOU'XF^#=-\2#0;WQ!:1:IO$;1$,5
M1ST5W V*WLQ!KCO%=OJ6C_M$:!X@CT/5-0TBYT8:2TUA!YHMY#.S;I/[J ,




]U

M


M%NX#8PXP
_
0.* /8XOB3!/XT\
6$$&_0/$=G++I^H-')$[SQG)0HZ@A2G()

M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

UN

\K!T
+)!))F$7TT:!
M&,H\M,1LJC]Y@*.,#GM-%\7ZA?\ C%_#DD-JMY8SW#:@RHPVPVFV9<MPSB5

M9ZO_ 

MJ1Q6


&
MF3-K$

M:EI]K

MY(89![\BO

MHJG::E!=7MS:Q)=K+;G#M+:2QH?]UV4*_P#P$FOG*'Q7XD/@*+P^=4U#^U%*


P=#*2^/LQ4$

M10RD (3*/*0X90


22?:(/MURL
MT



MKXFNO#P6ZN=.@FN;=;B*:SBEA
317\
#;B9#E6#DX&



;7992&B#




?=4\J.@/3%:%% &8?#^C&[NKLZ3IY


L:2)+;HX=4R4# CD+D



MR?4\U7F\':9=2ZO)J
M(DOFU1XFF\_;PD3;HXUVJ
*IR1G)YSG-='10!0N=%TNZU.#4;K3;*;4(!B&Z
MD@1I8QS]UR

V3C)RRJ3ZD ]JU
MZ* 

;PQH#FV+Z'I;
M&V6-(
VD9\I8SF
+Q\H4\@#IVK7HH Q+OPS87-WI$F&BM=+E-Q;V4*HD'F[6
M4.0%SD!VP 0

$$'@@CM4E% &=;:)I







MW' !(&?FKNZ* /
_&M+:Q^)[ZQ7[1)K6IW-UH=DS(WOEVT2L4+X 5GC=LG



MS_\ %4;;C_GK%_W[/_Q5344 0[;C_GK%_P!^S_\ %4;;C_GK%_W[/_Q5344
M0[;C_GK%_P!^S_\ %4;;C_GK%_W[/_Q5344 0[;C_GK%_P!^S_\ %4;;C_GK



M% %: W







M_P#%4;;C_GK%_P!^S_\ %5-10!#MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 
53 ;DSO'YD.%56SY9[









M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AM/]4W_71__0C4U0VG^J;_ *Z/
M_PA&@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AN_P#5+_UT3_T(5-4-W_JE_PN

MH/\ T%:FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&R_X\X/^N:_RJ:H;+_CS@_Z
MYK_*IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&]_P/.?\ ZYM_*IJAO?\ CSG_ .N;
M?RH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H9_];;?]=#_ZU35#/\ ZVV_ZZ'_
M -!:@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *A3_C\E_PN:?S:IJA3_C\E_PN
M:?S:@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *A3_C\E_PN:?S:IJA3_C\E_PN
M:?S:@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AM/]4W_71__0C4U0VG^J;_ *Z/
M_PA&@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *ALO\ CS@_ZYK_ J:H;+_ (\X
M/^N:_P J )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&[_ -4O_71/_0A4U0W?^J7_
M *Z)_PAIJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH A?_C\B_ZYO_-:FJ%_^/R+
M_KF_\UJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&T_U3?]='_P#0C4U0VG^J;_KH_P#Z
M$: )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&[_U2_P#71/\ T(5-4-W_ *I?^NB?
M^AIJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH A@_UMS_ -=!_P@K4U0P?ZVY_ZZ
M#_T%:FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&R_X\X/\ KFO\JFJ&R_X\X/\
MKFO\JFH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H;W_CSG_ZYM_*IJAO?^/.?_KFW\J )
MJ*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&?\ UMM_UT/_ *U35#/_K;;_KH?_06H
M FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H4_X_)?^N:?S:IJA3_C\E_ZYI_-J )J
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J%/^/R7_KFG\VJ:H4_X_)?^N:?S:@:BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AM/]4W_71_\ T(U-4-I_JF_ZZ/\ ^A&@:BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *ALO^/.#_KFO\JFJ&R_X\X/^N:_RH FHHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** (;O_5+_ -=$_P#0A4U0W?\ JE_ZZ)_Z$*FH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@%_\ C\B_ZYO_ #6IJA?_ (_(O^N;_P UJ:@


H$ Z94


64E0
M6 =5)4$C-=90 4444 %%%% !1110 5#:?ZIO^NC_ /H1J:H;3_5-_P!='_\
M0C0!-1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0W?\ JE_ZZ)_Z$*FJ&[_U2_\ 71/_
M $(5-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $
'^MN?^N@_]!6IJA@_UMS_ -=!
<_\ US;^
M5 $U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5#/_K;;_KH?_06J:H9_P#6VW_70_\
MH+4 34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4*?\?DO_ %S3^;5-4*?\?DO_ %S3
M^;4 34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4*?\?DO_ %S3^;5-4*?\?DO_ %S3
M^;4 34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4-I_JF_ZZ/\ ^A&IJAM/]4W_ %T?
M_P!- $U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5#9?\ 'G!_US7^535#9?\ 'G!_

_



M4444 %-D1G VR
G^[C^H-.HH A\E_P#GYE_)?_B:/)?_ )^9?R7_ .)J:B@
M'R7_ .?F7\E_^)J&TA?RF_TF7_6/V7^\?]FKE0VG^J;_ *Z/_PA&@ \E_\

MF7\E_P#B:/)?_GYE_)?_ (FIJ* (?)?_ )^9?R7_ .)H\E_^?F7\E_\ B:FH
MH A\E_\ GYE_)?\ XFCR7_Y^9?R7_P)J:B@'R7_P?F7\E_P#B:/)?_GYE
M_)?_ (FIJ* *=E_V.#_ $F7_5KV7T_W:F\E_P#GYE_)?_B:++_CS@_ZYK_*
MIJ (?)?_ )^9?R7_ .)H\E_^?F7\E_\ B:FHH A\E_\ GYE_)?\ XFCR7_Y^

M/K0Y%UJ1WI&?2.+[J#T'..QKT     8 [4:+S%:4M]#RNR\+?%*.UC2;X@V)
MD YSI





OAG




OQ!L2C


/8KN_O/*CX8^*N


5I
+N


U[Q67J^D:=K:W%EJ]E;WMH\:9BGC#KU;GGH??K2=I?%_D95
*







2H5:?\*=UVEK^._WW)$C9U#)=2
I&01L(
M/Z4ODO\ \_


MY^9?R7_XFCR7_P?F7\E_P#B:FHJCJ(?)?\ Y^9?R7_XFCR7_P?F7\E_P#B
M:FHH A\E_P#GYE_)?_B:/)?_ )^9?R7_ .)J:B@'R7_ .?F7\E_^)J&RA?[
M'!_I,O\ JU[+Z?[M7*ALO^/.#_KFO\J #R7_ .?F7\E_^)H\E_\ GYE_)?\
MXFIJ* (?)?\ Y^9?R7_XFCR7_P?F7\E_P#B:FHH A\E_P#GYE_)?_B:/)?_

M 
31=_ZI?^NB?^AIJ (?)?_ )^9?R7_ .)H\E_^?F7\E_\ B:FHH A\E_\
MGYE_)?\ XFCR7_Y^9?R7_P)J:B@'R7_P?F7\E_P#B:/)?_GYE_)?_ (FI
MJ* (?)?_ )^9?R7_ .)H\E_^?F7\E_\ B:FHH A\E_\ GYE_)?\ XFCR7_Y^
M9?R7_P)J:B@F\+_;(O])E_U;]E]5_V:F\E_P#GYE_)?_B:'_X_(O\ KF_\
MUJ:@'R7_P?F7\E_P#B:/)?_GYE_)?_ (FIJ* (?)?_ )^9?R7_ .)H\E_^
M?F7\E_\ B:FHH A\E_\ GYE_)?\ XFCR7_Y^9?R7_P)J:B@'R7_P?F7\E
M_P#B:/)?_GYE_)?_ (FIJ* (?)?_ )^9?R7_ .)H\E_^?F7\E_\ B:FHH 9&
MC(3NE=_]X#^@%/HHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH *AM/\ 5-_UT?\ ]-35#:?ZIO^NC_^A&@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH AN_\ 5+_UT3_T(5-4-W_JE_ZZ)_Z$*FH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@&#_6W/_70?^@K4U0P?ZVY_PN@_\ 05J:@ HHHH **X'Q)\6OGA_
MQ!

_\


M %KXNK:N;/PKX=
_& ;TOWYX)7^8HY/
.==G]QZI17F8UCXJX&?WA[/_80;
M_E_MCXJ?]MX?\ _!@W^%'*'.NS^X]%LO\ CS@_ZYK_ J:O)H=:^+@FM%A







J

MY$_7(_RR_P# 7_D=E17$VNH^/# AN-#TD2_Q 7)7]
G^9J7^T/&__0$TK_P+

?THYUV#ZY'^67_ (_\CLZAG_UMM_UT/\ ZU<

@W:+I0._C_2SR=I]OK1S^0EC(
MO[
O_ 7_ )';45Q-UJ/CP0.;?0])




K ]B#P15\U_B(Y+
M?#H9?A_Q1H7B*!)=#U:ROE=0P6&8%P



5L


M5-4-E_QYP?\ 7-?Y4 34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $-W_JE_ZZ)_Z$*F
MJ&[_ -4O_71/_0A4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0O_ 






M * G_DW/_P#%TGR/6[^[_@E+G2LDOO\ ^ =W38I$E7=$ZNN2


F^$/@J2
JFDO$QZ.EU-D?FQ'Z4[4^


M2_


 [Q6#*

SIPO+YV7



M/DM$CV96#*&4@J1D$=Z\2UKXE^*(?B*=+T[2MUL)O)CLIHMDDPSC?O/0'!(/
MW0.N:[3_ (5+X)_Z O\ Y-S_ /Q=(?A)X)Q_R!?_ ;G_P#BZMQ@_M/[O^:


M3P1_T!/_ ;G_P#BZ;C3VN_N_P"9QK5(RYU%?FOQ3,#X/\ @G6_&JZC=ZY


U'4X(4TK6I=)=&)=XX5DWC'3#=*YJ

70H4TK7?W?\$NK
X]#Q^E='X(\/:G
.Q$J:IM*R=_PM+%C_
M (1/Q1_T/=Y_X Q5ROQ+^'GB3Q!XIT^^TZ_1X8XHX_

M72B#Q[H'^HGL/$]FO\$P^RW./0
/E/U/-6+/XCZ4DZ6OBWO= O&X:A$51C









M7^5 $U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!#=_ZI?\ KHG_ *$*FJ&[_P!4O_71
M/_0A4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0O_P ?D7_7-_YK4U0O_P ?D7_7
M-_YK4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !117/
1WVL0HW(.%8Y8<=Z .AHKGO#WB

?$P)&2/LXX_6N\HHYX_RARR_F.$_P$^O?^A*\3
M?^ R_P-03?$/4DG@1/ WB1D<D.Q@P5]


/%NL7$UKH

,%T3+L/=C\Q_$UKUE:[XBTG0H
M]VJWT,!(R(R<NWT4<G\JY_\ X2#Q%KGR^&]&^QVS=+W5,H/58QR?8]*QE4U
MUU9E/$TJ3Y%J^RU?X;?

MP9J=U)+.S2:B=/C+NUN






M:Q



%QH.HDW5F4SBVF
M/+Q=.AQD8]AU-7-&^
^BZA?7






# G.%W?=ZG'4#TKN=!T33M T\

M(NTM=3T35[:Y=0ZQ21J&922


M=S:C[*%*49WE)K1Z:/NDDOQ;.2DUGQSJD43:1X?L=




-NC
M_P#(3T\&:W/RD99?O)^.:]!J&X 
EN#R/



*3'KM=0
M0

M.CHHHK




M
8P_9KHQ3//&[?P6QUQ1?N2J2G-Q@U;I?2_WG945Y#J/QDDL?$D&FW/AZYM
ME#*EPL\F)4+8^ZH&












4S77ARYN-#OB
0W,??8W*_4=
M1^-6K+_CS@_ZYK_*K3OL=<91FN:+NB:BBB@H**** BBB@ HHHH **** (;O
M_5+_ -=$_P#0A4U0W?\ JE_ZZ)_Z$*FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M%_\ C\B_ZYO_ #6IJA?_ (_(O^N;_P UJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***

MY;;D+D*65HEX++D

E_[^M_C1]F
M3^]+_P!_6_QJ:B@'[






MF3^]+_W];_&B[_U2_P#71/\ T(5-0!#]F3^]+_W];_&C[
G]Z7_OZW^-344





MU[







MXW+W=PWF3


MLV;=OG_-G/KTQ[8_&NXHH]C#M^8+



^A-:4

[_AKO_ *&SQ#_X$#_J&J^%-=TT1:CH^OZ


O#@CMS


MO_?UO\:FHH&VWN0_9D_O2_\ ?UO\:A2V3[9+\TO^K3_EJWJWO5RH4_X_)?\

G]Z



M!8N_V&Y


MDT



M4UKTO9G??9D_O2_]_6_QJ&TMD\IOFE_UC_\ +5O[Q]Z319[VZTR;5+);&]8
M'S+=91*$Y('S#@Y&#^.*\JU7XNOHOCB;1[G3XUTNY
4T[%O


M(9#]F3^]+_W];_&C[



/95Z?\.=UVE_FM?O3+GV9/[T

MIW6/2=9B']UC;RG\_E%'

M_P_K?XUR#^.VL$8Z_X?U?3PHRTBQB:(?\#7_G1_$[PDR*S:HR$C)5K:7(]



M JTHVO)D-RO:*
O^W_%/B?Y?#&F#2-/;_F):HGSL/6.'^1;@U7TSX5Z)-=RZ



M9#][/7&

MB?\ 0PZ+_P 1_QHOY!]7C_S\C^/^1VUW_JE_PNB?\ H0J:O-=%\1:YHNNC
M0?'LT
DM[

^E4T[F=6DZ3L];[-;
****9D%%




I/UK/FE/X=%W_K]3J]E1P_\7WI=ELO5_HOO1R;^KOQ'+%=

&.9.'!';UQZ$5I+WHJ7R
X










MV][!%/ _#1R*&4_@:XR]\&7^EAI/!&K2::SGYK2=O

&*G\_PH]Z/F)R







MH6=L=)CN!;R7;3XP

-AO'^KM82

M+V=#C[?*ISY2'^X.
GOV[&K'BO4KOQ1K
GA+P]
T42 ?VOJ$?_+O&?\ EDA_


GZC!^I-=97
MGM[_ 

M=Y9?\>

MPHHHK0Y@HHHH *AO?^/.?_KFW\JFJ&]_X\Y_^N;?RH FHHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** H9_\ 6VW_ %T/_H+5-4






M^N:?S:IJA3_C\E_ZYI_-J )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&T_U3?]='
M_P#0C4U0VG^J;_KH_P#Z$: )J*** BBB@#F_'GAR\9:2EE?220M%()8IH\



VL7D=I%-)Y2





(89_#=SK]OIRZ=K[^5'%;(XEL9&C:6-9'+$29%20J88CJ.:

MI%R^O7TDOBX*R_3_EU93D+$.

MDYKOPZEF4



MK+PS9V



M2.]@:/2-4M([B&\
)D-M+RKJ7P3ANIQG&5XQ7KFE:K8:O:BXTN\M[N _QPR!

M1110 4444 %%%% !4-[_ 
_P#'G/\ ]<V_E0!-1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %0S_ZVV_ZZ'_T%JFJ&?_6VW_70_P#H+4 34444 %%%


M15^T7\J_'_
CV;7VG^'^1P

M^#K
.5!;_B8HO/TYQ]
2(W@VS\D*#_ &@@Y_WN_P!




M-2X26Z!3B]F7JA3_ (_)?^N:?S:IJA3_ (_)?^N:?S:I*)J**IZGJEAI4/FZ




MM/\  /AZU*/-9?;K@  S7CF8MCU!^7]*Z6VMH+6(1VL

8Z)&H4#\!1^\?9
M?C_D'^RP_FE]T5_[=^AQLOB;Q/=2Q'2/4XMRWS-?3+$Q&/[N?E_6IO[8\9?
M]O:_P#@P7_NQHH]G+^9_A_D-XJGLJ,?_)O_DCCO[8\9?\ 0KVO_@P7_H8
MM:\;FXF5_UKY8QM_P!-4?KW_(5V]%'LW_,_P_R!8N'_ #YC_P3?_)''?VQ



MC265#')&XRKJ1@@CN*\L\+SR_#3Q3%X2U*1W\


M

MD-C$8E[,Q/)SOW8.3Z_08J7:7Q/\/\C2G4PE2:CRQ2\U+_ .3.KT+Q5?-K



B101(9))'.%10



]2:ZRBBDW=W9222LB%_^/R+_ *YO_-:FJ%_^



M++Y4,,[2RLK AE8@^O6@#9KF/%6BZC/K6D:[H1M&U+3EF@
%V[1QSPR[=R

*0N8E2%8UX+
MJHCC!R4R 2
$XK


MS2T9SSQ=*G)QD]5ZG5_9+?\ YX1?]\H;2UM_*;]Q%_K'_@']XUS7_=?]2M
MXK_\%W_V55;3Q\/
EB'AGQ*Q1BQV66&6)Y&[C_]=+VD2/K]#^;\'_D=K]DM
M_P#GA%_WP*/LEO\ \\(O^^!7*?\ =?]2MXK_P#!=_\ 94?\)U_U*WBO_P %






V











\(





MBWB2X_X^O$T$2GJEMIL8_P#'CS7

C).?M)'\@!7


UV




M[X%344 0_9+?_GA%_P!\C[);_\ /+_ +X%344 0_9+?_GA%_WP*AGM;?S;

M +X%344 0_9+?_GA%_WP*/LEO_SPB_[X%344 0_9+?\ YX1?]\C[);_ //

M9+?_ )X1?]\HI-,L)$V26-JR^C1*1_*K=% TVMCNO'AVZSYNBZ?D]2DH












M_P#GA%_WP*/LEO\ \\(O^^!7GD/QB\/V[K%XELM;\.3'C&IV#HI/LRAACWXK


U?LEO_SPB_[X







MOU6V

PB/A_Q*)20H

M7&4DK\N^J=OQ-SXAG_A

4&05@![
_'X8ZC(KTZU

M6KA'O?#5Y+!L8&33HFE+R CHIP 



B.J7\9V(& )!V\Y /YUS9\1:=OM




@C3\@_P#C






M^26?41=6ER;6XL[]XY'M)% .T2* 74JRL&8L2&'(Y  .JHHHH **** BBB

[.99
YWN.A.?

K]#JPZH).5:[[)?F=EJ
TUM87


69[MVF



MUTI51Z^4O5C[_P#ZZN:%X'L+)TN]6DDUC5 .;J\)?'IM4D@8_$UC[1R^!?/I

JGWF




6\@.<@@@XXY&?U -2UU1TTZ
ML9+V57;H^W_ [K[CHZ*\VMO$FO\ @I8[7QM;-?Z6F$36[-2V!V\].H/^T/U/




'[UCM5YOGMI#_LRCC\^GK7=5!?6=M?VKVU];Q7%NXPT<J!E;Z@
MU?M%+XU?\R.1Q^!V_(D@ECGA261)(G&5=&!##U!'6GUYW<_#5[*^CF\'Z_?
MZ! 6+36L9




MW%FBYQ_NL
_0\5/_ 

OQ_R#GE_

ME?X?YG=T5Y[9^_%4$3*?']\V6+9-FC=?=F)_I4__(^*?\ H?+S_P  (J.2

\53VSQCQ_?*6'46:*?S4@C\#


DBJZ

%6&

=[IK&UE1O[WR8!;W8&F_\(CXI_Z'R\_\ (JK

M5_JVC\:Z*G\+X@U-?K]V3'_ 'T?:N@\(_$?PYXGN#9V]T]EJRG;)IM^GD7
M-Z;3U/\ NDU2^W_$/2O^/K2-(UN)?XK*X-O(1[A^

UJ)G@0@[5+2'GH1P ..E=+_ 


M^HL54 DZ?$V?Q8DG\32Y5W'S/M^1ZC38HHXE*Q(J*3GC S7FW_"^-/^BFZ
MA_X+8?\ &JUY\/?&\[0%?BAJ*^7('.-/C7..WRL,_0Y'M1RKN'-+M^1Z==_Z
MI?\ KHG_ *$*;?V-IJ-N;?4+6Z@)!




S@BM[=!A(HD*H]@.!4


M.T

' 4$[@#\W



ME+K+JUV./_X7/\/O^ADM_P#OS+_\30?C/\/@
_\ 26__?F7_P(KN?[/L_^


);S


U


M'MV@5X8AGGS3P!]


 ?8# _MRS\/Z/9;/LNEV,13[K
M+ H(_'&:B]1[67XFJCA(?$Y2]++\7?\ (Q_^%A^%?^@Q%_W[?_XFC_A8?A7_
M *#$7_?M_P#XFNE^RV__ #PB_P^!1]EM_\ GA%_WP*+5.Z^[_@BYL)_)+_P
M)?\ R)R




M .%I^_^@[#_ -^I/_B:ZJ?2[X55GL;6558
 \*L 1T/(ZU)]BM?^?:#_OV

1G+1R*O_
M 'T5Q77?8K7_ )]H/^_8JO-HNESRF2?3;*20KLW/ A.WKC)'3VH]X%+#]8R^


^?X?TS



MN_\ 5+_UT3_T(5-4-W_JE_ZZ)_Z$*FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@%
M_P#C\B_ZYO\ S6IJA?\ X_(O^N;_ ,UJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
W*CI53




MO^)I?GJ=-K5Y;Z?I[W-[
D-O&R

M # %*TJF^B_$MRI87X+3GWZ+T3W?F]/+J9N@Z)I^@V0M=
MUBCZLW5G/JQZD
MUI445JDDK(XISE.3E)W;BBBF2%%%% !1110 4444 0P?ZVY_PN@_\ 05J:

MHH *A3_C\E_ZYI_-JFJ%/^/R7_KFG\VH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MH;3_5-_UT?_ --35#:?ZIO^NC_ /H1H FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****





M *Z)_PAIJR[O6-

2XU&S_ -8G_+=?[P]ZF_MG3/\ H(V7_?\ 7_&ILQW1



U2

X'J OR_@:UO!_AK4]%O;




MC0/*_IA1S^?%8-P?$WC&

EE


M34 0_9+?_GA%_P!\C[);_\ /+_ +X%344 0_9+?_GA%_WP*/LEO_SPB_[X
M%344 0_9+?\ YX1?]\C[);_ //+_O@5-10!#]DM_\ GA%_WP*/LEO_ 
\(
MO^^!4U% $/V2W_YX1?\ ? H^R6__ #PB_P^!4U% %.UM_-N?W$7^L'\ _N





MGA%_WP*/LEO_ 







MLEO_ 

MLEO_ 

MA^R6_P#SPB_[X%'V2W_YX1?]\IJ* (?LEO_ ,\(O^^!4-E:V_V.#]Q%_JU_
M@'I5RH;+_CS@_PN:_RH /LEO_SPB_[X%'V2W_YX1?\ ? J:B@'[);_ //







MU0P?ZVY_ZZ#_ -!6IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ALO^/.#_KFO\JF


MFAU32KQ=2/Q+==_/_/[SNZ***HY HHHH *A3_C\E_PN:?S:IJA3_C\E_PN
M:?S:@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *A3_C\E_PN:?S:IJA3_C\E_PN
M:?S:@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AM/]4W_71__0C4U0VG^J;_ *Z/
M_PA&@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *ALO\ CS@_ZYK_ J:H;+_ (\X
M/^N:_P J )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&[_ -4O_71/_0A4U0W?^J7_
M *Z)_PAIJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH A?_C\B_ZYO_-:FJ%_^/R+
M_KF_\UJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH





SAN[9OX
NFW<F+B%?^F4G\0']T^F!1JMQ\E*K

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&R_P/.#_KFO\ *IJALO\ CS@_ZYK_ H FHHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;O\ U2_]=$_]%35#=_ZI?\ KHG_ *$*FH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@%_^/R+_KF_\UJ:H7_X_(O^N;_S6IJ BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBN+UB[U76/'$WA



+_OL4?:[?_GO%_P!]B@:LG3-&T^WU.[U6&V5=0N2R2S9.64-
MP







M8Y_W\7^K;^

ML4?:[?\ Y[Q?]]B@:BH?M=O_P ]XO\ OL4?:[?_ )[Q?]]B@:BH?M=O_SW



M7^K3^



M=Y]KM_\ GO%_WV*/M=O_ 









M+_OL4 35#:?ZIO\ KH__ *$:/M=O_P ]XO\ OL5#:75OY3?OXO\ 6/\ QC^\

]X






M.

MOA/_ *&+3/\ P(6BZ']7J_RO[F=-17

M$8B@;Q!IYWL%&V7=@^^.@]SQ1=!]7J_RO[F=)=_ZI?\ KHG_ *$*FKE+GQYX
M4:



M  GOA/\ Z&+3/_ A:/\ A/??_0Q:9_X$+1=]A5_E?W





M !^2_P#7-/YM4U0I_P ?DO\ US3^;4 34444 4]7TRRUC3YK'4[:.YM)1AXW




M
Z#_ - 32_\ P$C_ 


M@)'_ (5HW?\ JE_ZZ)_Z$*FHL@]I/NS%'A/PZ)FE&@Z4)& !;[)'D@?A3_\
MA&=!_P@)I?_ (1_P%:]%%D'M9]V9'_
:#_T!-+_\!(_\*;%X4\/0H$BT
M+2E4=A:1_P%;-%%D'M9]V9'_
Z#_T!-+_\!(_\*;+X4\/3(4ET+2F4]C:1
M_P%;-%%D'M9]V9'_
:#_T!-+_\!(_\*/\ A&=!_P@)I?_ (1_P%:]%%
MD'M)]V9EIX?T:SO4N[/2KWND4JLL5NB

M^:U-4+_\?D7_ %S?^:U-0(**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AM/\ 5-_UT?\ ]-3
M5#:?ZIO^NC_^A&@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AN_\ 5+_UT3_T(5-4
M-W_JE_ZZ)_Z$*FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&#_6W/_70?^@K4U0P
M?ZVY_PN@_\ 05J:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;+_ (\X/^N:_P J
MFJ&R_P/.#_KFO\ *IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&]_X\Y_\ KFW\JFJ&
M]_X\Y_\ KFW\J )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&?_6VW_70_P#H+5-4
M
_\ K;;_ *Z'_P!!:@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *A3_C\E_ZYI_-J
MFJ%/^/R7_KFG\VH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H4_X_)?^N:?S:IJA

M2-T50
DFN%\6D_B/69O&NK1,@E4PZ3;N/\ 46__ #T(_O/U^A]#3/%#-XU\
M4+X6M6;^QK K/K$JGB1LY2W!]\9/T]17H4:+&BI&H5% JHP /05.[.I_N:=
MOM2_!?\ !_+U%HHHJCEBBB@ HHHH **** H;+_ (\X/^N:_P JFJ&R_P/
M.#_KFO\ *@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AN_P#5+_UT3_T(5-4-W_JE
M_PNB?\ H0J:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (7_X_(O^N;_S6IJA?_C\
MB_ZYO_-:FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AM/]4W_71_\ T(U-4-I_JF_ZZ/\
M^A&@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AN_]4O\ UT3_ -%35#=_PJ7_KH

MJ )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J%/^/R7_KFG\VJ:H4_X_)?^N:?S:@
M:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *A3_C\E_ZYI_-JFJ%/^/R7_KFG\VH FHH

P^F


M5#:?ZIO^NC_^A&C[2G]V7_OTW^%0VERGE-\LO^L?_EDW]X^U %RBH?M*?W9?
M^_3?X4?:4_NR_P#?IO\ @:BH?M*?W9?^_3?X4?:4_NR_\ ?IO\* )J*A^T
MI_=E_P_3?X4?:4_NR_]^F_PH FHJ'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO_?IO\* )J*A
M^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_ -^F_P * [_ -4O_71/_0A4U4[NY3RE^67_ %B?
M\LF_O#VJ;[2G]V7_ +]-_A0!-14/VE/[LO\ WZ;_  H^TI_=E_[]-_A0!-14
M/VE/[LO_ 'Z;_C[2G]V7_OTW^% $U%0_:4_NR_]^F_PH^TI_=E_[]-_A0!-
M14/VE/[LO_?IO\*/M*?W9?\ OTW^% $U%0_:4_NR_P#?IO\ C[2G]V7_OTW

MH FHJ'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO_?IO\* )J*A^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_ -^F
M_P * )J*A^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_P!^F_PH ++_ (\X/^N:_P JFJG97*?8
MX/EE_P!6O_+)O3Z5-]I3^[+_ -^F_P * )J*A^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_P!^
MF_PH FHJ'[2G]V7_ +]-_A1]I3^[+_WZ;_@:BH?M*?W9?^_3?X4?:4_NR_
M]^F_PH FHJ'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO\ WZ;_  H FJ&]_P/.?\ ZYM_*C[2
MG]V7_OTW^%0WMRGV.?Y9?]6W_+)O3Z4 7**A^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_ -^F
M_P * )J*A^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_P!^F_PH FHJ'[2G]V7_ +]-_A1]I3^[
M+_WZ;_@:BH?M*?W9?^_3?X4?:4_NR_]^F_PH FHJ'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[
MLO\ WZ;_  H FJ&?_6VW_70_^@M1]I3^[+_WZ;_H9[E/-MOEE_UA_Y9-_=;
MVH N45#]I3^[+_WZ;_C[2G]V7_OTW^% $U%0_:4_NR_]^F_PH^TI_=E_P_
M3?X4 345#]I3^[+_ -^F_P */M*?W9?^_3?X4 345#]I3^[+_P!^F_PH^TI_

M_P * )J*A^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_P!^F_PH FHJ'[2G]V7_ +]-_A1]I3^[
M+_WZ;_@:BH?M*?W9?^_3?X4?:4_NR_]^F_PH FHJ'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[
MLO\ WZ;_  H FJ%/^/R7_KFG\VH^TI_=E_[]-_A4*7*?;)?EE_U:?\LF]6]J
M +E%0_:4_NR_]^F_PH^TI_=E_P_3?X4 345#]I3^[+_ -^F_P */M*?W9?^
M_3?X4 345#]I3^[+_P!^F_PH^TI_=E_[]-_A0!-14/VE/[LO_?IO\*/M*?W9
M?^_3?X4 345#]I3^[+_WZ;_C[2G]V7_ +]-_A0!-4-I_JF_ZZ/_ .A&C[2G

M[NY3RE^67_6)_P LF_O#VJ;[2G]V7_OTW^% $U%0_:4_NR_]^F_PH^TI_=E_
M[]-_A0!-14/VE/[LO_?IO\*/M*?W9?\ OTW^% $U%0_:4_NR_P#?IO\ C[2
MG]V7_OTW^% $U%0_:4_NR_\ ?IO\*/M*?W9?^_3?X4 345#]I3^[+_WZ;_C

MZ;_@:BH?M*?W9?^_3?X4?:4_NR_P#?IO\ @:BH?M*?W9?^_3?X4?:4_N

O
MEJ%*XP/4\UTE% '
Z3X1CLM5M=0O=8U;5I[.-H[07TD9$ 8 
1L12S$#&YRQ
MQGGDUTU%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4-I_JF_ZZ/_Z$:FJ&T_U3?]='_P#0C0!-
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0W?^J7_KHG_H0J:H;O_5+_ -=$_P#0A4U
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0P?ZVY_ZZ#_T%:FJ&#_6W/_70?^@K4U !

M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %0WO\ QYS_ /7-OY5-4-[_ 

M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5#/_K;;_KH?_06J:H9_];;?]=#_ .@M0!-1110



M44 %%%% !1110 5#:?ZIO^NC_P#H1J:H;3_5-_UT?_T(T 34444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !4-E_QYP?\ 7-?Y5-4-E_QYP?\ 7-?Y4 34444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% $-W_JE_ZZ)_Z$*FJ&[_ -4O_71/_0A4U !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 0O_ 
?D7_7-_P:U-4+_P#'Y%_US?\ FM34 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %0VG^J;_KH__H1J:H;3_5-_UT?_ -- $U%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110!#=_ZI?^NB?^AIJAN_]4O\ UT3_ -%34 %%%% !1110 4444 %


M110 4444 %0VG^J;_KH__H1J:H;3_5-_UT?_ -- $U%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 5#9?\>
MW%Q?'PKJDEI 0-EOY7V8J$4=27+

70!;J&T_U3?]='


M_P!]1?\ Q= %NBJGVN;_ *!]U_WU%_\ %T?:YO\ H'W7_?47_P 70!;HJI]K
MF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!]U_
MWU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q='VN;_H'W7_ 'U%_P#%T 6Z*J?:YO\
MH'W7_?47_P 71]KF_P@?=?]]1?_ != $L'^MN?^N@_]!6IJSXKBX5YB=/NL
M.^1\T7]T#^_[5+]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!]U_
MWU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q='VN;_H'W7_ 'U%_P#%T 6Z*J?:YO\
MH'W7_?47_P 71]KF_P@?=?]]1?_ != %NBJGVN;_H'W7_?47_Q='VN;_H'W
M7_?47_Q= %NBJGVN;_H'W7_?47_Q='VN;_H'W7_?47_Q= $ME_QYP?\ 7-?Y

M]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T
M 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 
71]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %NBJGVN;_ *!]U_WU
M%_\ %T?:YO\ H'W7_?47_P 70!;J&]_X\Y_^N;?RJ+[7-_T#[K_OJ+_XNHKF

A ^:+T_WZ -BJGVN;_H'W7_ 'U%_P#%T?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_
M ,70!;HJI]KF_P@?=?]]1?_ !='VN;_ *!]U_WU%_\ %T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?
M]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T
M 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 
71]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %NH9_];;?]=#_ .@M
M47VN;_H'W7_?47_Q=12W%PSPD:?=81\GYHO[I']_WH T**J?:YO^@?=?]]1?
M_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*
MJ?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 
71]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %NBJGVN;_ *!]U_WU%_\
M%T?:YO\ H'W7_?47_P 70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;
MJ%/^/R7_ *YI_-JB^US?] ^Z_P^HO\ XNHEN+@7#O\ V?=;2B@?-%V)_P!O
MWH T**J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T
M?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ ,71]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %
MNBJGVN;_ *!]U_WU%_\ %T?:YO\ H'W7_?47_P 70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\
M71]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;J%/^/R7_ *YI_-JB^US?] ^Z_P^HO\ XNHEN+@7
M#O\ V?=;2B@?-%V)_P!OWH T**J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T
M6Z*J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 
71
M]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %NBJGVN;_ *!]U_WU%_\ %T?:YO\ H'W7_?47_P 7
M0!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;J&T_U3?]='_]-1?:YO^
M@?=?]]1?_%U%;W%PB$-I]UDNQ^]%W8G^_P] &A153[7-_T#[K_OJ+_XNC[7


MG!_US7^51?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 




M?=?]]1?_ != %NBJGVN;_H'W7_?47_Q='VN;_H'W7_?47_Q= %NBJGVN;_H'
MW7_?47_Q='VN;_H'W7_?47_Q= %NBJGVN;_H'W7_ 'U%_P#%T?:YO^@?=?\
M?47_ 
70!;HJI]KF_P@?=?]]1?_ !='VN;_ *!]U_WU%_\ %T 6Z*J?:YO^
M@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 2O\ \?D7_7-_YK4U9[7%P;A'_L^ZVA&!
M^:+N1_M^U2_:YO\ H'W7_?47_P 70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!]U_W
MU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_P!]
M1?\ Q='VN;_H'W7_ 'U%_P#%T 6Z*J?:YO\ H'W7_?47_P 71]KF_P@?=?]



D$I$KL1$A('RH%' X

M -Q)'&

#ALC










[\1:AH\$<[36,,4L\V!Y2F3=M3.<[L+N(Q@!EYYH U**** BBB@ HHHH


BF$R_)R

MJ.Y8I;2NIPRH2#[XKAOASXT_M7PYI
?5_PP+36+J<1HJ24.. /FW1
M,<8 Y&/8 [VBN'\&^*IO$?BRY:25='GT+3M3M8)8U5XS.TY)8C)R55 1D@8

M6WS7.X!M^

M5ZXY!_$ Z:BN*UGXAV6F?VK*-)UB\T_2Y/(NKZVBC
1]0\77

(UY!SY@Z?-
@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHK$\;Z^GA;PAK&N21&86%L\XC!QO('Y[9.!F@#;HKSCQ%-XH
M\)^%I?$U_KIOY;)!<W^G&VB2V,8/[Q82J^8K*=I9VSM&1S70)XPBN-5GM-.


 W1G&=Z5F@C=@CKB@#TFBO/H

UHP^/K'[=%8WVG

MZZ-I)

?



MM4C6:

M/0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %


M]GWO


<9'2O/O\
MA4.EVV@:/9:3J6JVM]I
L%Q:W

;SBO3** /)_


X'2MNB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH YKQ-X2MO$.M65Y?2AK2&PO;6U



M5([&:PFTMM.GL=&T5XO

MS?HBZ)K4.F@QO'
LUD+@

BV&
MD8\G9G[

MU6[$OV631Y&7S)A=DNPWE+%D,6# L#N QE:]EHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *K




V]_8H8@ZV$D6\E0<-&QD?

M 8[JB@#&\'Z$OASP[:::)OM

\SL7DD(YQN9F.

M0 4444 %%%% !7&W'AG7HO$6M:AHNOV-E!JIB:1)=


M0?O
?^ T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS
M1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:
M^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T
M 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?
MVM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_
M /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']
MK6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__
M 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?
MHJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:U
MKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS
M1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:
M^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T
M 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?
MVM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_
M /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']
MK6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__
M 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?
MHJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:U
MKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS
M1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:
M^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T
M 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?
MVM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_
M /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']
MK6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__
M 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?
MHJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:U
MKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS
M1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:
M^K_]\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T
M 7Z*H?VM:^K_ /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJA_:UKZO_ -\T?VM:^K_]\T 7Z*H?
MVM:^K_\ ?-']K6OJ_P#WS0!?HJA_:UKZO_WS1_:UKZO_ -\T 7Z*H?VM:^K_
M /?-']K6OJ__ 'S0!?HJ*WGCN(]\3;A_*I: BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ JGJ\;R6,@C!)X.!W%7** .-HKL#&A.2BD_2D\J/_GFGY@
















M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


/VT1

!

M

M0MU8H9;2=94##J
J2
[MKF6X

8GVAMK =#M93@]B#WJ56##*D$9(XH 6BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB




G'RL=S9(Y.X^M 'FNG^(/%8TU+\F^FM+G2K

9100I$S9#%N@P17:VGAS0[*2YDL]&TVWDNE*3M%:HAE4]0Y ^8
M'N#1JOA_3-3L&M+BSMPGV62SC80H6BBD4*R)D$ $*O&
':
@XH Y7XYVD&I?



MOY/$

M[Z:0'W2O2?L%I_:/]H?9;?[?Y7D?:?+'F^7G=LW8SMSSC.
TFGV%GIMO]GTZ

26. 

.
_
MCBN


MYH+

[6J
M%X@OW0K8R


47^RO#UL+8N

_:4AM419\C!W@#Y

+2/.0K


MEG!;Z!X8:;%Y @CAEG:-HOL\6!RB[B7(XW*HY(..Q\

MKJYE= OFO*Y8_+S@ $*!Z**@TSP3X4TJ^BO=+\

M.1^- 'E^E?9?\ A5_P_P#LWD_\)%_;%IN^[YOVOSO]-W8YSL\_?[9K
U'2
<\ @


?

M%UJ=XUW-(5VX&U41 

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H

M6A2QR:]J ?P^D7_$RNE-ZY




XQWSCFM)-8L7UV71DGSJ45NMV\(1OEB9F56

M/B*WUKQ9J
#0W=_)!9;''S*MM$J.
_\ 79IZ /1M
U.TU-+AK&;S5MYY+:4[
M2NV1#AEY S@]QQ6)/X\\.07

@%6N OE*03@@L
'B
MN7\%^(M&B_X2;1&U_2[37)]:OT@MI+N-9][2'81&3N/.



MN@QZIK0U2YAL].A^P6VJRVUPC[$5FBA7


P49) +


@\PWA!((.TMC )'/8TRPU#4+?QUJ
.HRS:?X
M4?Q'*KW=M
4:6[





3XC@@N-.6_D01VYOU14%N&V




0(]-UJWB_X];?6KZ. 9R OG

4
M =A1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110

MI!(SV!(&!Q6A10!G2:/;/XA@UD-*EY';/:$*PVR1LRMAACD@KP1C&YO6M&BB


M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H



UG:&
M


8[T :]%9NAZS;ZS







M!![@@C@T 7:*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **

M?B#G\Q]:G_LSXA?]#!HW_@$?\:[NBJ]J^R^XCV:[O[S%UG3KW4?!5]IDTL3Z

S0:*='<6%T

$GS@




GABN()(9XTEAD4
MHZ.H964\$$'J* .+^)D;:_\ #V)M-MIKM;F[TV=8UA9F:/[9 Y)3&0 H).1P

'P^'IM ?1!;6%QK6I6MII]N
M([[2)9 ?+5%+6]T,VQR663N#P





L[?]]';I:6X:6U&.65

 D*+A

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *






YB:18?


M$9EVGG+.RGIQUJEX]\(ZGJ#W(TC3T


^Z:75+.^L$E9X]^BF225XY(L'!1]RE\
O(;M(7C0J^VV*QC+ '

MH#':&_BNYSDGC&-H'!VP@ '(R =1K7Q2AT;PEJFLWNEOYVGZN^E2VJ3[C\K\
MR[MO3R?WN
=.



YPQ!F$@X/(V9]JP[FW\?
M:'X!L_#.@:
EU?Z; +2.]


$LL


!D:1+HR


*:-HIY;:6&

(



MTY[(3*=
GU$RFY2+'ERPQ[/G(49\[.XL



C#V;UKSV_\(:I/H/Q$CCT


M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11


M%2T44 %%%% !44=O!'/+/'#&DTN!)(J@
^.F3U.
G%2T4 %9ESX?T:ZU./4K
MK2-/FU&
@I=26R-*I'3#D9&.W-:=% !45M;06J









M7I-2L=9N=0$

MVRWTN6.3[3-;XW*3.'VH[+R%\M@

M\NUED6(3*&C$CHI2


M+6988'366TJRCBC=GF(1&'RC))^9B2   



CAA6XN]0OHK.&)GV [LL[9P?NQH[=.=N.^
X'&0#LZ*X'7/B1IL%K%+IDQ+

M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 5R6N^ =*UK59]0N[G5$FFV[EAO'C084*

M_/0+B61[S6@86W+_II//U()'X8-6/^%6Z'_P _FM?^#!Z[RBERKL;?7*_\
M[
RYT:WG\
RZ&7E^RO9FR+

MR]U:RR--=F AHQY10+%EE4GYWZ$#KQZ'15'.W?5GB]Q\


Z[I5\-!L8[S39[2*.&:6?
W8KE2OF$%/E4[B<Y&3ZW10!








MLI%C#J/E/ERAHPV5!W;0I.#QZ910!QOPX#S6WB/5(@QBU/5[BXMQ(2 R(J0J

;:=X+UN/3M$\-W<VFMX;TB[BGBG1Y#<SQPOO@B:
KM7:53+



M.

M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BH[B:*VMY9[B5(H(E+R22

Z1Q2/( L
MC.0$523@EB0 !U)&* +-%8^,_[:J=

CC


M@
NT%E!/0%AZU8H **AM[NVN9;B*WN(99;9_+


J01DCB@!:*JZ=J-CJ=K]ITV\MKRVW
GFV
M\JR)N4X89!(R#Z5%_;.E_V1_:O]I67]E[=_P!L\]?)VYQG?G;C/'6@_10
M#D9'(HH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBN4USQG_9.J367_-^);WRMO[^SL?
B?*@_*VX9QG






MY!CV*& /G-D
6Z#&*[.T\.:'927
EGHVFV\ETI2=HK5$
JGJ'('S ]P:N+I]


(W\7]9\9-YAM]&LM.AOE12Q-I.URKD
%6\]%SM1\CYE&YL \#<?6@#YX






M2?PYHTNI^8)OM;V


M
'+XST]Z /
IV<EIJ5I;
MW=K)]^&XC$B-]5((- 'BOBGQ0+?QAXMU#PD[V=SIVCNFKEX0H2X6=! [ @JQ
M
?G$






K;3M.#G!



MLTSVXO+-)##%)(9/*RP.55F..G&/3- '

'




M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH

9Z'*@


MN;=59H_*DC.492I!&

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#__
!V0$!
end







begin 644 safm-20201031_g4.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  8$!08%! 8&!08'!P8(A *@D)

TH,4H*2C_

H&A8:*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H
M*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*C_P  1 
\!00# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#ZIHHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


@G Z9Y]?3O'7BFP\%^%-0U[5=YM;1 VQ/O2
2 J+[DD



BT[6-5BM?
FMY9?M2

M6TTC7/$-I:ZBQ 


M.3&(YV8_NPIS][C)/;!(!VUE\0]OQ#\6Z7JDNGV_A_1=/M[Y+P9W$2+N8LVX



BO//)QM^^1MQ@].N?:JOQFL;N_^$WB:SLH)KR\EL61(H(R[R-QP
:W@5D1PR!XH9B1OW!1D\D&N<
M\-?&/Q+KOPO\2:WJUSH?A[4-+U&U$SV<[Q(5W!D4R-NY(X'Y=1D1_W6K[


 /O'.0:

M9VJ3G''-=MH.@Z@/BO\/KRYTJ[%K9^$U@EGDMFV03XQL9B

MQ/'M=5[F7;NP1QC-==JDVI^&?CAJ7B%O&N:SIW]A06XEL+02
C[AD+N(#'
#/'GA


FS

8YQQG.\.6



M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


^'-(\+Z4FF^']/@L

M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %


MU*WGGM9IKC4M/M9F$ B3=@
@;RR[8 )(PN\YR : /2**S= N/M_AVPF#S!I;


M+[-K*^

74%;V



:Y_P=XZU74-!O9=*OK*2&VBU#5Q=:F))/M$'VZY6.-#O4
MHJI$ 6.[:&0;: /::*\GG^)^H00W:OIL1O;**XU.XMPK;C8+;+-&1SPY:2.

&PP?H



MQK%OXFD\

Z*0&1,J6+Y7  QEL$ [VBO*)+^_6\DU3^T;M]6C\2Q:5
M]B6Y80_9RZ(5\G.W/E,9MV-WOCBJ^L7=[IH\17WA;5M4N;'3=,N([V[NKE[F
M-KLLI#1!B5#1*)2P0!?FD97  /7Z*XOPINL?&6J:1:7]W?:8FGVMT&N;E[E
MHI7:53B1B3AE1&VYP.HP&KM* BBB@ HHHH **** BBLG7O$6F:$;=-1FE\

#(]: -:BJ&EZQI^J:2FIV-U'+8
K-YWW0
M-I(;=G!4@@@@X(((-9VB^
=#UJ^2ST^ZE::5#+#YMK+LZ#&6B=UR 9'*$]
M: .@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***


P^']&-W=79TG3S=7:&.XF^S)OF4C!5VQE@0

M=OD^R1[FW





GH.I
M[5?HH *SQHFE#R!IECY/E#R_LZ;?+!R$QC&W/..F:T** 
T:#HXO;F\&E:

MI8D#H

MJS7ZR7IU)X3


9]ZUJ* *UI86=F[/:6EO [(D9:*
M-5)1



MY2S7-I'*X3).T




M0C#

MXJIJ* (=MQ_SUB_[]G_XJF3&YC0
)(3EE7_5GN0/[WO5FH;O_5+_ -=$_P#0
MA0 ;;C_GK%_W[/\ \51MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 
54U% $.VX_YZQ?]^S_ /%4;;C_

M+_OV?_BJFHH AVW'_/6+_OV?_BJ-MQ_SUB_[]G_XJIJ* (=MQ_SUB_[]G_XJ

MX_YZQ?\ ?L__ !5344 0[;C_ )ZQ?]^S_P#%4;;C_GK%_P!^S_\ %5-10!#M
MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 


M/6+_ +]G_P*HVW'_/6+_OV?_BJFHH AVW'_ #UB_P_9_\ BJ-MQ_SUB_[]

M]8O^_9_^*HVW'_/6+_OV?_BJFHH AVW'_/6+_OV?_BJ-MQ_SUB_[]G_XJIJ*
L7_?L_P#Q5344 0[;C_GK
M%_W[/_Q5&VX_YZQ?]^S_ /%5-10!6G-S%!)()(254MCRSV'^]3]MQ_SUB_[]
MG_XJB]_X\Y_^N;?RJ:@';<?\]8O^_9_^*HVW'_/6+_OV?\ XJIJ* (=MQ_S
\7







K-GRSV(_P!KWI^V
MX_YZQ?\ ?L__ !5#_P#'Y%_US?\ FM34 0[;C_GK%_W[/_Q5&VX_YZQ?]^S_


M_?L__%4;;C_GK%_W[/\ \54U% #(Q*?,=&';:A']33Z** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;3_5-_UT?_T(U-4-I_JF_PN
MC_\ H1J:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AN_]4O\ UT3_ -%35#=_PJ7_KH
MG_H0H FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H7_P/R+_KF_\ -:FJ%_\ C\B_
MZYO_ #6@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *A3_ (_)?^N:?S:IJA3_ (_)
M?^N:?S:@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AM/]4W_ %T?_P!-35#:?ZI
MO^NC_P#H1H FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H;+_CS@_ZYK_*IJALO^/.
M#_KFO\J )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&]_X\Y_^N;?RJ:H;W_CSG_ZY
MM_*IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *ALO^/.#_KFO\JFJ&R_X\X/^N:_
MRH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHH)P


2R:M=_V!ISC_CTM/^/AA_M.?N_A^(J'-;+4XY8V'-R4

#I^.*QY?^$T\2/%)





M9(I%#HZG(8$9!%.

MBB@&?\ UMM_UT/_ *U35#/_K;;_KH?_06J:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** (7_ ./R+_KF_P#-:FJ%_P#C\B_ZYO\ S6IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M (;3_5-_UT?_ --35#:?ZIO^NC_ /H1J:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AN
M_P#5+_UT3_T(5-4-W_JE_PNB?\ H0H FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MH7_X_(O^N;_S6IJA?_C\B_ZYO_-: )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J%/
M^/R7_KFG\VJ:H4_X_)?^N:?S:@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AM/\
M5-_UT?\ ]-35#:?ZIO^NC_^A&@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *ALO^
M/.#_ *YK_*IJALO^/.#_ *YK_*@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AO?\
MCSG_ .N;?RJ:H;W_ (\Y_P#KFW\JFH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBL?Q!X





MIJ@HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** *VHQ)/:-%
BO$[*K*PR&!8 @UR'AF6


MTT+PK&IUB^CCE8@%/GD.>^T
M
3^(M%
H4;C]C)R?KQ_(5Z#11R^8?6;:1A%?*_YW.#_LSXB?]##HO_@$?\:K







M%_PIEMK7C9X$:7PM:AR.?].5?TYQ^='.OZ0?787MRR_\!E_D=M17'?VQXS_Z




M4
0



MUCDNBD?X*N


Y[D

+&

<__7-OY5-4-[_QYS_]<V_E4U !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0W?^J7_KHG_H0J:H;O_5+_ -=$_P#0A4U

E5!IWC3Q-SJU]'X:TYO^773V$ERP]&F/GW6NM\/Z%IGAZP6

MXFN&.Y[F?][

NBHHJDK&$YRF[R=V%%%%!)#/_ *VV_PNA_\

M )K4U0O_ 
2__ #\R_DO_ ,34U% $/DO_ ,_,OY+_ /$U\+_ &R+_29?]6_9?5?]

MS\R_DO\ \31Y+_\ /S+^2_\ Q-344 0^2_\ S\R_DO\ \31Y+_\ /S+^2_\
MQ-344 0^2_\ S\R_DO\ \31Y+_\ /S+^2_\ Q-344 0^2_\ S\R_DO\ \31Y


31Y+_\_
OY+_\ $U-10!#Y+_\ /S+^2_\




M_P#GYE_)?_B:FHH A\E_^?F7\E_^)H\E_P#GYE_)?_B:FHH A\E_^?F7\E_^
M)H\E_P#GYE_)?_B:FHH A\E_^?F7\E_^)H\E_P#GYE_)?_B:FHH A\E_^?F7

M (FB]_X\Y_\ KFW\JFH A\E_^?F7\E_^)H\E_P#GYE_)?_B:FHH A\E_^?F7
M\E_^)H\E_P#GYE_)?_B:FHH A\E_^?F7\E_^)H\E_P#GYE_)?_B:FHH A\E_
M^?F7\E_^)H\E_P#GYE_)?_B:FHH A\E_^?F7\E_^)H\E_P#GYE_)?_B:FHH


;7
UNVR
M?5+C9]FA]UP
(K_@B,%'L/Y<5)+\/[&5[C0[V^TB[;G=:R8
MC)_VDQ@CVXKLJ*.1/H<6)A'%/FK*[_+T[?(\_AU+Q/X9C \2I)J=@.3?VJS


M-'DO_P _

31Y+_\_
OY+_\ $U-10!#Y+_\ /S+^2_\
MQ-'DO_S\R_DO_P 34U% $/DO_P _

M #\R_DO_ 
31Y+_\_
OY+_\ $U-10!#Y+_\ /S+^2_\ Q-'DO_S\R_DO_P 3

M^2__ #\R_DO_ 
31Y+_\_
OY+_\ $U-10!#Y+_\ /S+^2_\ Q-'DO_S\R_DO
M_P 34U% $/DO_P _

31
MY+_\_
OY+_\ $U-10!#Y+_\ /S+^2_\ Q-'DO_S\R_DO_P 34U% #(T9=TK
MO_O ?T I]%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M$-I_JF_ZZ/\ ^A&IJAM/]4W_ %T?_P!-34 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4-
MW_JE_PNB?\ H0J:H;O_ %2_]=$_]% $U%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


M#_KFO\J )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&]_X\Y_^N;?RJ:H;W_CSG_ZY
MM_*IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *ALO^/.#_KFO\JFJ&R_X\X/^N:_
MRH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;W_CSG_ZYM_*IJAO?^/.?_KFW\JFH

MBC6_&OB+C0M%BT*R;I=ZL
M2RT;2I+W4[F.WMHF1F=SZ

M'(DFQT7N%_\ K$S#X;P37]EJGB76-0UO4+:9'3SRJ0 [AP(@

VE7<DB'((JQ7!ZAIE

MZ41E?1[DT:[D_9U%::_'S7E^74GG_P!;;?\ 70_^@M4U0S_ZVV_ZZ'_T%JFJ


M#[8HT[K[T9?7\/?EYU?U/?Z*\O@^*]Q!&KZUX'\36L9ZSVD*WD*^Y=#_ $J]



U1;KPYX*?E+




MPMD=O /Q (]1HW_V=067Q6U&YMEE_P%=^+QDG[MJ.ON0?TKU*BE==@Y9=S
MS3_A9^H_]$\\8_\ @(O_ 
55*\^*NHVIDF'P\\7-PB[6M0




J.G;MCM[?QS-K



R..O+GD\]JUJ*:BEJ73PL(/G
M?O2[O?Y=OE8****HZ0HHHH **** BBB@ J&R_X\X/\ KFO\JFJ&R_X\X/\
MKFO\J )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&]_P/.?\ ZYM_*IJAO?\ CSG_
M .N;?RJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H;+_CS@_PN:_RJ:H;+_CS@
M_PN:_RH FHHHH **** BBB@ HKE]4^('A72YYX;W6[6.:!S')&I+LK#J
*


S:=X9$FT;@TTH.??!(_(TN8KZK);R2^




MN;==6Z#/V60@CS%']TYY'_UA7?P2QSPQS0.LD4BAD=3D

:UINGZOI%O9G5+-[VSDMK
MX7.439N$@V+M/[Q<%=R_[73(!V5%%% !1110 4444 %%%8GB+Q1IF@[8[N9I
M+M_]7:0+OFD/;C^9P*3:6K(J5(TX\TW9&K:?ZIO^NC_ /H1K.U_Q+I&@1[M



M1R)[ZA]2C-\U9N3\]%]RT_





MX1JSHW]7?\DCR2?3=+
AEL?!_BK39C_RTLR4/ZL1^E9NK6^OSVKQ+9Z_?V^T


M&&_M9%SV:*0'_P!!J7)+=F-3$T:3Y9S2?FT==4*?\?DO_7-/YM7-?\+$\*?]

MZ*Y3_A8GA3_H





M:1
QZ^IB8_EGU^][#4-[:P7UI-:WD

ACDBD4
KJ1@@@]16D;1TZ&\:
*


M:_RJ:H;+_CS@_PN:_RH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;W_ (\Y_P#K

DT\B1Q1J6=W.%4#J23T%
M#Z\[UGQ'J/BO49M!\#R^7#&=E_K0&4@'=(O[S^XZ?J(+F^U'XD3R66B2S:?X

M'6HQP^L]9]NWKY^7W]C)\
^M\.VRQV-A$\_5[F91)-(W=BQY]\# ]JZ.BB


A@4;((K




M51N%%%% !1110 4444 0O_Q^1?\ 7-_YK4U0O_Q^1?\ 7-_YK4U !1110 44

'MZG10 4444 %%%% #9(UD #%AC^


[0/YD1D0







MH. 
 'Z=:ZZ&.)8X(TCC7@*B@ ?@*6K14O84YR2O)=.GZ?Y'D/Q4?QE/:Z

MFR.#S@
3UQQ7I=0W?^J7_KHG_H0HY=;W+^MKD5/D6GK_ )F3X;?4KRQ=]=TU


MYN[=C'.[&.GYU[75:ZT^SN_

I.
MIZ?X?F$,=O/DL$KR1. RND[%6!Z$$'FO%/'



#):7'_75O\ &IJ\
MS^*.KWNLZI:^ ?#
QCU'44\S4;I.?L-GT8_[[= /?MD&FE=BE+E5S+TZ%?BC

M*TN$0V5I&(XT'H.Y]23DD]R2:OTY.^PHQMON0_9D_O2_]_6_QJ*Y%M:V\D]S
M.T4


M/'X5T.6XLU.(]1N[J2.)^Q(7@D9]#GZ5;B\



C2N3ZY)Z_2MF/2+&) D=NJ(.BJ2 /UJ]15**6QOA3IJT(I?(I
M_P!F6G_/'_QX_P-5VTFQENI4DMU==B'#$D=6]ZU*A3_ (_)?^N:?S:G8OE7

00/3

G
87'P[U+PY--JGPSU V):1VFT2Y=C9W&&



G]Z7_OZW^-9/B[PIHOB[3?L6O6
=S$

G]Z7_ +^M_C7G7V/XN?\ 04\'?^ \







M?AM


M_6C_ (77X/7B=]4@D[I)ITP8?DM')+L'M(]ST7[
G]Z7_OZW^-'V9/[TO_?U
MO\:\V_X7MX!2X\JXU2YM_EW;I;&8#Z8Y_3%2?\ ]/AS_T


M&C[
(\:KKDD@<X++93X3W.4''TS4G_  O3X<_]#%_Y
M(W/_ 
;HY)=@]I#NCT7[

M 

G]Z7_OZ


MHY)=@]I#NCT7[


M]+_W];_&C[
G]Z7_ +^M_C7F\WQV^'J1DQ:W)._:..RGW'\T _6N=\9_';2$
MGBT_P[?PVXF'SZG=P2E(ACJL04N3]0!GUI--=#:E#VMVFK+=]%\STOQ9XCT;
MPO;*^IW


M?X\?#Q9TC&N2





X'9
M( O'&




M?9D_O2_]_6_QKPGXI?$*_:]@?PCXA=[&1?GABM3&T3+WW


M]F3^]+_W];_&C[


G]Z7_ +^M
M_C7)1?$[PF\89M3:
$T3<NI-(<_=6W

]#U'_UJRX/'5SJ3RQ:'X:U6ZEC8HQGP(I]Q)P



F\ ^%Y8RC:-;@'^Z64_

MK?XU-16ARC(XEC)*ESG^\Y;^9I]%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%


M'4NW&[Z+U_+UKRW5M-CNIHOAOH=UY5A JWOBC4@^W8F ?)#= 7 _!1W^:LVG

M$ ^QJF_Q:\$+UUQ?PMIC_)*7
NYLL+7:NH/[F=U4-W_JE_ZZ)_Z$*XC_ (6Y
MX



OWY&UACR)/0CD#/ICV'H&M&^&D
M7ATE86OQ$Q@68$H7QP#@BO M!OK#0\P7]N4\#:].8;FW/']B:CGYE_V8V/(]







M2_\ 7-/YM0!-1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %0VG^J;_KH_P#Z$:FJ&T_U


^E.HHH

_LJCEC]!7

M5TKP_8^=J5W:V%L


M]*6K+;H4OA7

MMG:P65K%;6D


MOBUH6L*T=CI6K7MZCYBM4M0[MCHXP2 !ZGD5TEAX:-CHFJ6^J:G?:P;V-A
;
@_P FA\W0</JT(RY[

MB&1F@)
4L;E73.

MNT

9)ZFJ6LZSI^BVIN-4



M6^FVHT7291@W5V


MXA


W@+K


L8+/5T1Q'-%E%+


)*D

MIJ FRQI-$\4J*\;J596&0P/4$4ZB@#A?#4C^%-?/AJ[=CIMR6FTN9ST[M3


MP4444 %%%% $+_\ 'Y%_US?^:U-4+_\ 'Y%_US?^:U-0 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110!#:?ZIO^NC_^A&I7=8T9W8*BC)8G  ]:BM/]4W_71_\ T(UYS\:/%MMI


-S2/A=JWBZ]BUO6FATJQG*%+-03(LJ
MJ]L?* 
GGN1GBO==


MA?6JB^%V]-/R
FP\-:'IYC-CH^G6[1YVM';(K#/7G&:U%BC3[B*OT&*=15&
MI2EJV%9'B31-
UNQ\C5;&WNHBZ_ZQ 2
L 2#U!QQD5KU#=_ZI?\ KHG_ *$*




V$%Y9@ 1R.#Q+ZA
MQV([\]:ZVBF9*3BFEUT/&_#L;I<3?#/QK*\EU AFT/4SPUQ OW2#_P ]4'!'
M< ]ADY][JU[X7\5&[U!G;7;=5BGCGRM1@Q@2 C[KXQUXROKD'3\5Z3=ZYJM
MUX:UJ]:'68Y6U/PUJ^ C(PY
60.V








QQ.?NQ#YI&^BCFN
\.W?

M3XYI%A:\N$\QX]Q R$!P
9]3]*Z671#I0AM=:^(=Y#
X+(LEPD+/SU&XDD?C




/Y1U\95@[0J\WR
M//\ 7M(\-:!+!%K'BK6;22?_ %:O?MDCUX' ]SQ5F/1]8\)R/J'A^ZGUO39L


M_*@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AO?\ CSG_ .N;?RJ:H;W_ (\Y_P#K

-;M=8U-#NB@QBUM?9$[G_
M &FYZ=^:[BEJS;FIT?A7


8








]/H1D$&FUU0

MRR!M&#6Y6%1Y1!S\N!Q^%39WN=$*E'V7)*/O=RW/_K;;_KH?_06J:LKQ&=2%
M@IT

;)D@.

YPC4BXS5TSBM&
MU^^T74(M$\7
OFN=MGJ0&([D=@W]U_Y_D3VM4]8TNSUC3Y;+48%GMY!RK=CZ

M4SP/XCU/6M0
=]JGAB=O(





MKYCM#7'S6\A_V91Q^? ]:/9/[+N'M%]I6.YJ&[_U2_\ 71/_ $(5)#+'-$DL


-?@O\ #Y5
M'AN# &.9Y3_[/7+:Y\
?OA351J,GAVUO/#LQ7$;*SO9G_GH#G)7U'_ -:O

AXV[@CG';-=!+&DT3Q2HKQNI5E89#



T*NGFG^ESMJ0 2


MU2!?*#6FTL&X)&[NVW.
GK]*Y+X8^$-6UKS+SXA+J-U';.!9VNH3
REN=S
C
M=?X0








 \'
M'=*UB32]3U)+6\0*2LJ

$


K[7=0\%P7'B&-EU

[.]

M




J!_#


8]

MHHH **** BBB@&]_X\Y_\ KFW\JFJ&]_X\Y_\ KFW\JX[Q'XHOKR];1_!D

MO#MKX?M76)FGO)SON;N3F29^Y)]/0?UR:VZF
&WS3W_(UJUXPBZ-#;J^LO\
M)=E\WY%%%%:G&%%%% !1110 4444 0W?^J7_ *Z)_PAIJAN_\ 5+_UT3_T


DXZ\^^?
M5: 000#P0::=B91YC%\'^*-*\7Z'#JVA7/GVLA*G(VM&PZJRGH1_@1D$&M
MJO-?$/PZFTW47U_X;3PZ'K.!YUF%Q97H'\

M6K631/%



C)&
8R#^'/M7HFEZYI6K#.F:C:7?J(9E8CZ@'(H30]*CU5M333K1=1



\=*\T^'4?Q0



25QL?HPX/UKK:\2\9?%'1+K48-/U+P
UU090 <DB0


MS


4V#: 1M=LY(P0
9IN@^%]9




M0Q/)+%;I&@+
S*  !W)K@KGQQ;:K







UJZW\


MS3XF^#K*WL5\3:#IUO#K.DS)??N4=48

=ZK5&
72Q$[27+)]
M;W5_GK^)Z+]DM_\ GA%_WP*/LEO_ 
\(O^^!4.C:C;ZOI5IJ%FVZWN8EE0^Q


MJRM&#VK@?L=QX(DDNK:W-_X9:1S+!MWRV7S'YDSU3U'_UR?1ZAM/\ 4M_U











MD@K1[=_7N0_9+?\ YX1?]\C[);_ //+_O@5-13

\(O^^!1]DM
M_P#GA%_WP*FHH A^R6__ #PB_P^!4-E:V_V.#]Q%_JU_@'I5RH;+_CS@_ZY
MK_*@ ^R6_P#SPB_[X%'V2W_YX1?]\IJ* (?LEO_ 
\(O^^!1]DM_P#GA%_W
MP*FHH A^R6__ #PB_P^!1]DM_\ GA%_WP*FHH A^R6__/+_O@4?9+?_GA%


MJ:B@G=VMOY2_N(O]8G\ _OIOLEO_SPB_[X%%W_ *I?^NB?^AIJ (?LEO_
M ,\(O^^!1]DM_P#GA%_WP*FHH A^R6__ #PB_P^!1]DM_\ GA%_WP*FHH A

M.UO19G/2

4\1()21 RG'3@USFK?#[PAJP/V_
MPWI4C'JZVRH__?2@']:J\7N3:2V.A6VM74
D
+*1D$**7[);_\\(O^^!7G



I'&@VZG\PV1]126_@SXC1P1H?BB054 YT&!__


MIC!!'H:\W;PA\1/M


11WE^?\ D<T
M95PR_?KF@K:M*_H[;KS^_N7OA_=?$+5M%9OLFC[!(0MQJL#I(P[A50#('J1Z

MR0]MI

601_LM@GZ]/K6@/A9=7/_ %?'WC&XSU6&]$'ZA5^E4H)?:.RKC/





(QVBBBH*BBB@ HHHH ***







#Y&;!IECI.CRVNF6D%I;K&V(X4CIUXZGWK2J&]_X\
MY_\ KFW\JFJCF;;=V%%%% @HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *ALO^/.#_KFO\JFJ



MVYXF=;G66'[N



M &#^HKT&BESQ6T?O\ Z0^23WE_7XG!1ZQ\08XU\[PMIDSD#/E:@$P?QS3A
MXI\8QC_2/ 
H';RM5A?] .*[NBCG7\J_'_



GQ6\(;@EQJ





M'[OS#]YY'4VUQ#=0)-;2QS0ORLD;!E;Z$5)7 K\
K'3OF\
:MJVB2==L%P9(
MF/JR-G/YTN?B%HN.-*\26Z^G^B7#?^RCDB_A?WZ!SR7Q+[M3O:*X!_B?8:=
MA/$VE:OHDI.,W%N7C8_[+KG=^5=EI6K:?J]N)]+O;:[B_O0R!\?7'2E*$HZM
M#C.,M$R[1114%D,_^MMO^NA_]!:IJAG_ -;;?]=#_P@M4U !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 0O_Q^1?\ 7-_YK4U0O_Q^1?\ 7-_YK4U !1110 4$ @@C
M(-%% '%7?@V]L]7-WX2U4:/#-DW%OY7F1
W9E0\ _E4HT[QK%]S7M
G_ .NM



M5-_UT?\ ]-34 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4-W_ *I?^NB?^AIJAN_]4O_


K#!'Y&JA+E=R9QYE8+*Z@OK2*ZLYDGMY5#I)&V5

W=22SPD_W@22/7\0*]%ISCRO38(2Y

M110!%=V\5W:S6UR@D@F1HY$;HRD8(/X&N'^%=Q+IRZIX2OG9KG19ML#-UEMG



 [)!E7'WHV'1A[@UC^=9N9OM&BZV<:UI^%D;M/'_#*O






MLJCUV6RZ(****9D0WO\ QYS_ /7-OY5-4-[_ 

M0 4444 %%%% !1110 5#9?\ 'G!_US7^535#9?\ 'G!_US7^5 $U%%% !115

M*AVW&I.



AO?
M^/.?_KFW\JFJ&]_X\Y_^N;?RJ:@ HJ.YN(;6WDGN98X8(U+/)(P55 ZDD]!7

IJ/J:?BCQU;Z;J9T
M31K:75O$3 ;+.'A4R




O1RM





MW_@


KR#





MC./0XR/Q':NFKS[QU:S^&=:B\9Z5$SQH!#J]N@_UT'028_O)_+V!K6'O+D?R
M
Y^Z^=?



MSJ\MXM ^
]A?)&J0Z_926TC?]-X\
#[94*
=S7HM3'L=&*2YE..TE?\ S_&X

M $CV-=Y5?3;.'3M.M;*V7;!;1+#&/15  _058H2LAUJGM*CE_5N@4444S(X?



M*** BBB@&]_P/.?\ ZYM_*IJAO?\ CSG_ .N;?RJ:@ HHHH **** BBB






@P11P0I%!&D<
M2 *J(HJ!T  ZGT5$IN7H7&B%%%%24%%%% !1110 4444 0W?^J7_KHG_H


MC[);_\ /+_ +X%344 0_9+?_GA%_WP*AN[6W\I?W$7^L3^ ?WA5RH;O_5+
M_P!=$_\ 0A0 ?9+?_GA%_P!\C[);_\ /+_ +X%344 0_9+?_GA%_WP*;)8
MVDD;));0
C JRF
$$'M5BB@#S3P\(?!/BEO#6HB/^QKXM-I-Q*!\C$_-;ECZ
M$Y'U]3BO1?LEO_SPB_[X%9?BKPQI7BFQCM-:MS-%')YJ;7*%6P1G(/H37-_\

M7_? J%[6W^V1?N(O]6_\ ]5JG'XI\/R F/7=*8 X.+N

M3

_P# J/\ QH7Q+H331Q+K6F-+(=J(+I6/H!GFCE?
M8?,NYH?9+?\ YX1?]\C[);_ //+_O@5-14C.!^,&G!?:ZM901_:]'N8K]
M J@;@C?



\(O^^!4U%
M$/V2W_YX1?\ ? H^R6__ #PB_P^!4U% $/V2W_YX1?]\C[);_\\(O^^!4U







^H^)YT;[)X



MX$A(7QCN






M$./R!Q]3@5/_ 


M_P !Y*A32_' N96:X\.&(@;08&P#WQQG\R:=_P )=XI_Z$.]_P# Z*H(_&?B
MQKN6(^ ;W8J@@_;$[^^
'\#1]5??\1_VDE]B/_@/_ +?]F^
_P#GMX:_\!Y*
M/[-\9_\ /;PU_P \E1_\)=XI_Z$.]_\#HJ/^$N\4_\ 0AWG_@?%1]5??\1?
MVBOY(_\ @/\ P!MIH?C.2!1=ZMH\#Y.3'90_J /TI;7PCK4]M$;CQ3)M*#
MAL(H\#' R/YU#::Y\0-7MP]GX;TW2021NU*Y9SU_N* P_&EM?#7B_4;:$ZEX
MP-K 4'[C3K14(&.TA^:CZK%?%+\7^@/
JCUA!+_MR/ZJX:GX!LOL4CZQXFU9


MDW/_ /%U8_X5=X

MSO.3O9V_++''X5+_ 



M_P!\C[);_\ /+_ +X%344 0_9+?_GA%_WP*/LEO_SPB_[X%344 0_9+?\


\(O^^!4U% $/V2W_YX1?\
M? H^R6__ #PB_P^!4U% $/V2W_YX1?]\C[);_\\(O^^!4U% #(X8HB3'&B
M$]=J@4^BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&
MT_U3?]='_P#0C4U0VG^J;_KH_P#Z$:FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H;O\
MU2_]=$_]%35#=_ZI?\ KHG_ *$* )J*** BBB@ HHHH *YZ^\$^&K_ %%K



MUJO9-ZQU.;VJ6DM#T&H4_P/R7_KFG\VJII&NZ5K;M*U*TN^
D0RJQ'U .1
M^-6T_P/R7_KFG\VJ&FM&6FGL34444AA1110 4444 %%%% !1110!Y_\:-3:
M'PW;Z);LR7FNW6

M*?S?SV_!+[R:BBBJ.4**** BBB@ HHHH **** H;+_ (\X/^N:_P JFJ&R

M\P[3Y





C#!4C((K@?!W_ !)OB+XJT
_+

MM7V7W(/9KN_O9YZ^@_$/[9&R^




?F.?N\=:ZGPCI*Z%X8TO3  #;
M6Z1OCN^/F/XG)K1M/]4W_71__0C2C-I6:7W&F)2J592BW;IKT6B_ XK^U/B#



UE+X2USQ01+XXU+R[(
M\C1]/8I%CTDD^\_TZ9'!KK-#\.Z/H4*QZ1IMM:A1C






M_OL4 345#]KM_P#GO%_WV*/M=O\ \]XO^^Q0 6G^J;_KH_\ Z$:FJG:75OY3

M5#]KM_\ GO%_WV*/M=O_ 

M /'Y%_US?^:T?:[?_GO%_P!]BH7NK?[9%^_B_P!6_P#&/5: +E%0_:[?_GO%




MY_\ $#_B;^

U'2BO'VB$






]XO^^Q1]KM_P#GO%_W

MY[Q?]]B@ N_]4O\ UT3_ -%353N[JW\I?W\7^L3^,?WA4WVNW_Y[Q?]]B@
M:BH?M=O_ 




MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;3_ %3?]='_ /0C4U0VG^J;_KH__H1J:@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AN_]4O_ %T3_P!%35#=_ZI?^NB?^A@:BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *A?_C\B_PN;_S6IJA?_C\B_PN;_S6@:BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@!&4


M ZIW9TOW*7\S_!?\%O[AU0VG^J;_KH_P#Z$:FJ&T_U3?\ 71__ $(U1S$U
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5#9?\ 'G!_US7^535#9?\ 'G!_US7^5 $U

<'_7-?Y4
M 34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $-[_ 
_P#'G/\ ]<V_
ME4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0W?\ JE_ZZ)_Z$*FJ&[_U2_\ 71/_
M $(5-0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $
_^MMO^NA_]!:IJAG_ -;;?]=#
M_P@M4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0O_Q^1?\ 7-_YK4U0O_Q^1?\
M7-_YK4U !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% $-I_JF_ZZ/\ ^A&IJAM/]4W_ %T?_P!
M-34 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4-W_JE_PNB?\ H0J:H;O_ %2_]=$_]%



M&\)_\2'XC^(M/RVNH@:O:#MEOEE'_?0!QZNY3_ (_)?^N:?S:E'8UQ
5&H
MW'9ZKY_Y;$U%%%

-7?5
=K
MG3BM)JG_ JW^?XWH;3_5-_UT?_ --35#:?ZIO^NC_ /H1JCF)J*** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&R_X\X/^N:_RJ:H;+_CS@_ZYK_*@:BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH AO?^/.?_ *YM_*IJAO?^/.?_ *YM_*IJ BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH *ALO^/.#_KFO\JFJ&R_X\X/^N:_RH FHHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** (;W_CSG_PN;?RJ:H;W_CSG_PN;?RJ:@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** (;O_5+_ -=$_P#0A4U0W?\ JE_ZZ)_Z$*FH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@&?\ UMM_UT/_ *U35#/_K;;_KH?_06J:@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** (7_ ./R+_KF_P#-:FJ%_P#C\B_ZYO\ S6IJ BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** (;3_5-_UT?_ --35#:?ZIO^NC_ /H1J:@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH *AN_P#5+_UT3_T(5-4-W_JE_PNB?\ H0H FHHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** H7_X_(O^N;_S6IJA?_C\B_ZYO_-: )J*** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@#@/BH#I
+_31_9URIZAX


,=9C*7^J +:Q-_P NUH/N*/=OO'UX]34O70Z<.E]:6RV\WT_
MS?\ P3J_#6CPZ!H-EI5J[R0VL8C5Y/O-ZD_C6E115'/*3DW)[L*AM/\ 5-_U
DT444 %%%% !139
M)%C +!CG^ZI;^51_:4_NR_\ ?IO\* )J*A^TI_=E_P_3?X4?:4_NR_]^F_P
MH +3_5-_UT?_ --353M+E/*;Y9?]8__ R;^\?:IOM*?W9?^_3?X4 345#]
MI3^[+_WZ;_C[2G]V7_OTW^% $U%0_:4_NR_]^F_PH^TI_=E_P_3?X4 345
M#]I3^[+_ -^F_P */M*?W9?^_3?X4 345#]I3^[+_P!^F_PH^TI_=E_[]-_A

M=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_ -^F_P * )J*A^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_P!^F_PH FHJ
M'[2G]V7_ +]-_A1]I3^[+_WZ;_@:BH?M*?W9?^_3?X4?:4_NR_]^F_PH F
MHJ'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO\ WZ;_  H FJ%_^/R+_KF_\UH^TI_=E_[]-_A4
M+W*?;(OEE_U;_P#+)O5?:@Y14/VE/[LO_?IO\*/M*?W9?\ OTW^% $U%0_:
M4_NR_P#?IO\ C[2G]V7_OTW^% $U%0_:4_NR_\ ?IO\*/M*?W9?^_3?X4 3
M45#]I3^[+_WZ;_C[2G]V7_OTW^% $U%0_:4_NR_]^F_PH^TI_=E_P_3?X4



C@5



ITY4


M_PL?_EDW]X^U %RBH?M*?W9?^_3?X4?:4_NR_\ ?IO\* )J*A^TI_=E_P_
M3?X4?:4_NR_]^F_PH FHJ'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO_?IO\* )J*A^TI_=E_[
M]-_A1]I3^[+_ -^F_P * )J*A^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_P!^F_PH FJ&R_X\
MX/\ KFO\J/M*?W9?^_3?X5#97*?8X/EE_P!6O_+)O3Z4 7**A^TI_=E_[]-_
MA1]I3^[+_P!^F_PH FHJ'[2G]V7_ +]-_A1]I3^[+_WZ;_@:BH?M*?W9?^
M_3?X4?:4_NR_]^F_PH FHJ'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO\ WZ;_  H FHJ'[2G]

MG]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO_?IO\* )J*A^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_ -^F_P * )J*

MW_+)O3Z5-]I3^[+_ -^F_P * )J*A^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_P!^F_PH FHJ
M'[2G]V7_ +]-_A1]I3^[+_WZ;_@:BH?M*?W9?^_3?X4?:4_NR_]^F_PH F
MHJ'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO\ WZ;_  H FHJ'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO_ 'Z;
M_@ N_\ 5+_UT3_T(5-5.[N4\I?EE_UB?\LF_O#VJ;[2G]V7_OTW^% $U%0_
M:4_NR_\ ?IO\*/M*?W9?^_3?X4 345#]I3^[+_WZ;_C[2G]V7_OTW^% $U%

MH FHJ'[2G]V7_OTW^%'VE/[LO_?IO\* )J*A^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_ -^F
M_P * )J*A^TI_=E_[]-_A1]I3^[+_P!^F_PH FHJ'[2G]V7_ +]-_A1]I3^[
M+_WZ;_@ ?\ X_(O^N;_ ,UJ:J;W*?;(OEE_U;_\LF]5]JF^TI_=E_[]-_A0
M!-14/VE/[LO_ 'Z;_C[2G]V7_OTW^% $U%0_:4_NR_]^F_PH^TI_=E_[]-_


M2

5[



PQ
M+;V\GE12G^\P SGZ$5M:3X'\

M=

MHH **** BBB@ HHHH A?_C\B_ZYO_-:FJ%_^/R+_KF_\UJ:@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@&T_P!4W_71_P#T(U-4-I_JF_ZZ/_Z$:FH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** H;O_5+_P!=$_\ 0A4U0W?^J7_KHG_H0H FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** H7_X_(O\ KF_\UJ:H7_X_(O\ KF_\UH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** H4_X_)?\ KFG\VJ:H4_X_)?\ KFG\VH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** H;3_5-_UT?_T(U-4-I_JF_PNC_\ H1H FHHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** H;+_ (\X/^N:_P JFJ&R_P/.#_KFO\ *@:BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH AO?^/.?_KFW\JFJ&]_X\Y_^N;?RJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** H;+_ (\X/^N:_P JFJ&R_P/.#_KFO\ *@:BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH AO?^/.?_KFW\JFJ&]_X\Y_^N;?RJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** (;O\ U2_]=$_]%35#=_ZI?\ KHG_ *$*FH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@&?_6VW_70_^@M4U0S_ .MMO^NA_P#06J:@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** (7_X_(O\ KF_\UJ:H7_X_(O\ KF_\UJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@&T_U3?]='_]-35#:?ZIO\ KH__ *$:FH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MH;O_5+_ -=$_P#0A4U0W?\ JE_ZZ)_Z$* )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ J%_\ C\B_ZYO_ #6IJA?_ (_(O^N;_P UH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** H4_P/R7_KFG\VJ:H4_P/R7_KFG\VH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** H;3_5-_P!='_\ 0C4U0VG^J;_KH_\ Z$: )J*** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ J&R_X\X/^N:_RJ:H;+_CS@_ZYK_*@:BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH AO?^/.?_KFW\JFJ&]_X\Y_^N;?RJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* H;+_CS@_ZYK_*IJALO^/.#_KFO\J )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M&]_X\Y_^N;?RJ:H;W_CSG_ZYM_*IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AN_
M]4O_ %T3_P!%35#=_ZI?^NB?^AIJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AG
M_P!;;?\ 70_^@M4U0S_ZVV_ZZ'_T%JFH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M%_\ C\B_ZYO_ #6IJA?_ (_(O^N;_P UJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***

M1^2$1UZ



M\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q='VN;_H'W7_ 'U%_P#%T 2VG^J;_KH__H1J
M:L^WN+A$(;3[K)=C]Z+NQ/\ ?]ZE^US?] ^Z_P^HO\ XN@W153[7-_T#[K

MHO\ XNC[7-_T#[K_ +ZB_P#BZ +=0W?^J7_KHG_H0J+[7-_T#[K_ +ZB_P#B

#_?]J -BJGVN;_H'W7_ 'U%_P#%T?:YO^@?=?\
M?47_ ,70!;HJI]KF_P@?=?]]1?_ !='VN;_ *!]U_WU%_\ %T 6Z*J?:YO^
M@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1
M?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 
71]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %NH7_ ./R+_KF

M=?\ ?47_ 
71]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %NBJGVN;_ *!]U_WU%_\ %T?:YO\
MH'W7_?47_P 70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z
M!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q='VN;_H'W7_

M1=B?]OWH T**J?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 
71]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %NBJGVN;_
M *!]U_WU%_\ %T?:YO\ H'W7_?47_P 70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!
M]U_WU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U
M_P!]1?\ Q='VN;_H'W7_ 'U%_P#%T 6ZAM/]4W_71_\ T(U%]KF_Z!]U_P!]










M_:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 
71]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %
MNBJGVN;_ *!]U_WU%_\ %T?:YO\ H'W7_?47_P 70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\
M71]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;HJI
M]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q='VN;_H'W7_ 'U%_P#%T 2O_P ?D7_7-_YK4U9[7%P;
MA'_L^ZVA&!^:+N1_M^U2_:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 
71
M]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %NBJGVN;_ *!]U_WU%_\ %T?:YO\ H'W7_?47_P 7
M0!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_WU%_\71]
MKF_Z!]U_WU%_\70!;HJI]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q='VN;_H'W7_ 'U%_P#%T 6Z

6IP-)Y



J


M! Q'RE8UEEXY.U1T-=1JOC2*SUVYTFRT;5]5NK:TBOI#8I$4$4C.H(+R+D_N
MV^49)XP#S@ ZNBN4T;QUIVMZS;:?H]K?7BS6
&H_:D1!D,N\*6+,#F
@KC
M/(X.&QU= !1110 4444 %%%% !117+_%+5;W0_ASXCU32YO(OK2QEFAEVJVQ

#^(H ZBBO#/'?Q(U^R^$MN^E3I;^,AY\-X_DJ1 UH;F38P*X)50.#




!)/!(RJYY.
6%[I\XM[JUNPF^-BBNO*,RD%74@ACU[5MT %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M17#^.?%4WAGQ-ICS22G2(](U34;R)%9Y/LX@9=I..0'? R <\]L1?$;QI_9
M7AS5H]+

Y
MH U**\M\&^





TOCZR5;&.#3-5N;^ZN9;
M/[%%'&)8IHTWNC[G#CG=N*D$'.#F@#L**R/#.OVWBTN)8(;BUGM9VM;JUN
M542P2J 2K;25Z

M
GL=C

M&RGFW[)&.


MS[7##&5*@D$T =3165X8URW\1Z/%J=C%.EI
BT5POA_P(<6KZ+IEQ;Z1?WFHSV*7MU9V7EL;5267Y
9+\
M+



M9VJ. !DX ')ZUMT4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% 'G?BSX76GB5-?6]OY$&J:C


M6NG+'(OS?N6E8R

MCJ^A_:?LO]H6SV_G[-_E[AC.W(S]

M$










M:-6Z** BBB@ HHHH **** N=D\*6MSJ?B*?42EW9ZU;PVTUJ\? 5%=3DYY


M.B@MIEC;Z9IMI8648CM;6)(8D'\**  /R%6:** BBB@ HHHH **** N&_
MX1+7X+G7(].\2VUEI^JW;W3^7II:ZA+*JD)*92@.$X)C.,UW-% 'G5U\+-+A
MNK2;1X-)18++3O)U331?1^7$6*
N74J_P [9.2&XR. :T3X

M: +]%4/[6M?5_P#OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_ +YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_
MM:U]7_[YH_M:U]7_ .^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_\ OF@_15#^UK7U?\
M[YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_P^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5
M_P#OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?_ +YH OT50_M:U]7_ .^:/[6M?5_^^: +
M]%4/[6M?5_\ OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?\ [YH OT50_M:U
M]7_[YH_M:U]7_P^: +]%4/[6M?5_P#OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_ +YH
M_M:U]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_[YH_M:U]7_ .^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_\
MOF@_15#^UK7U?\ [YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_P^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4
M/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_P#OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?_ +YH OT50_M:U]7_
M .^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/[6M?5_\ OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7
MU?\ [YH OT50_M:U]7_[YH_M:U]7_P^: +]%4/[6M?5_P#OFC^UK7U?_OF@
M_15#^UK7U?_ +YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_[YH_M:U]7_ .^: +]%4/[6
MM?5_^^:/[6M?5_\ OF@_15#^UK7U?\ [YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_P^
M:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_P#OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?_
M +YH OT50_M:U]7_ .^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/[6M?5_\ OFC^UK7U?_OF@_1
M5#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?\ [YH OT50_M:U]7_[YH_M:U]7_P^: +]%4/[6M?5
M_P#OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_ +YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_[YH_M:
MU]7_ .^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_\ OF@_15#^UK7U?\ [YH_M:U]7_[Y
MH OT50_M:U]7_P^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_P#OF@_15#^
MUK7U?_OFC^UK7U?_ +YH OT50_M:U]7_ .^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/[6M?5_\
MOFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?\ [YH OT50_M:U]7_[YH_M:U]7
M_P^: +]%4/[6M?5_P#OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_ +YH_M:U]7_[YH O
MT50_M:U]7_[YH_M:U]7_ .^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_\ OF@_15#^UK7
MU?\ [YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_P^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[
M6M?5_P#OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?_ +YH OT50_M:U]7_ .^:/[6M?5_^
M^: +]%4/[6M?5_\ OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?\ [YH OT50
M_M:U]7_[YH_M:U]7_P^: +]%4/[6M?5_P#OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_
M +YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_[YH_M:U]7_ .^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?
M5_\ OF@_15#^UK7U?\ [YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_P^:/[6M?5_^^:
M+]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_P#OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?_ +YH OT50_M:

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHJK'J5C+827T5[;/91[]]PLJF
M--A(?+9P-I5@?0@YZ4 6J*P=2\9^%]+N4MM3\2:+9W#HLBQ7%]%&S*WW6 +



E\K4M4L;.7R6

)D&^55QN95SD@;ER1TR/

2S


M):*@2]M9+Q[1+F!KM(Q*T(D!=4)90Q7J 2K#/JI':D@OK2XEEC@NH)9(9?(D
M5) Q23:&V$#HVTAL'G!!H L445!9WEK?645Y97


M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


?+N'/_?()_2I

?6M%HM3DDTVVE8\VTD^(+7Q'XBM]


MHX(4BA1(XD4*B(

K;?
W@Q#D
MO@Y/ KU2V\.Z+:ZK)JEKH^G0ZG)G?=QVJ+



M@N'D

]E:ZCJ]DLVMB)7C#&P@
M*PH#D!Y-I 9@54$=6917JUWX6\/WEG9VEWH6E3VEF +:&6SC9( .FQ2
+T'3



=JS;;PUH5KI4^F6N





M?D*JAT:-25^=L+GTP
UZ=!I&FV]REQ;Z?9Q3HTK+(D*JRF5@TI! SEV +?WB




MY:

MBGEF3.

_\ PD=ZHNM.%O (XD-O-(8X
:7KEJUG/I\L$0BC1;2252I[\
M_NP#N8@Y/ KL]/\ AZD?B2SU:_ETIY+2X:[#V6E):SW$Q1T#SR!CYF%D;@*H
M).?:NK;1K*.RMH+SLK5K)&%B5ME*VC%@*+QMX8C QD$CH: ,/X33/+X!TV
M.1I'^RO/9(TA)9DAGDB0DGKE4!SWKKJS/#&CP^'_  ]I^DV\CRQVD*Q^:_WI
M/O.?<G)/N:TZ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHK$\07.

2.AKH-/O[34=.M


MCXP68 #'6N\)02Z3I7P\O[34-2$FH:Q-9W$+7
M6'ENT:R*

MXM(K R2*!%B



?-=1DC(&!QZD9Z#FGZE-K
=[:K
MIEAI]Q9L1]HEN+UX9(QGDHBQ.'.

M9/[ES%Y+Q'Z;E /L30!V7B#QKX?\/Z@]CJ^H[2RDU%HA#)(1;Q_?D.U3P


')C?@'/'/45S7P\
MM5\+?##3&U4F.2*S-[?
J
#6=:?^SO&-EI=O'-J

M!?RPEUBO(EB4LC!@$#$+@C X'!(







ID$




M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5EZUI4VHR026VKZCIDD(8;K0Q


MGW-:-%% !1110 52US2[76]'O=



M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

MSR2(^!G')C;'/0C.* .@HKCI?'6Z_GM=



Z*.1S6SX=UFWU[1;?4[-)DMYMVU95

MK6GP)

M6





M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KGO$]IXEN)X3X=U*QLX@I$BW
+9;IKR





ZMK5G1GB&


M_'Q92PF2-&D\QMK 

MF\S[21M6(Q[LIN&\$X4[LF]/H\QDNXY=$U3QXVLM-!KVCE%M_M.Y&%SC8L

82);R)HBX(VD.H++G@XR
XS46C:
M




5S@W? 7A3^Q--^%5ZFBR65^L4D6KSM;LLJQ_8Y3MG8C(42!  W . ,=*
M]0TKPCHVE7L%U:6\_FVZLEN)KN:9+=6X(B1V*Q\<?*!QQTK7UTAUQN;.[4
MO;W$;12*&*DJPP1D$$<'J#F@#E_A#_R3/PZ5&(3:JT(Y_P!423'U_P!C;77U
M';PQ6UO%!;QK'#$H1$48J!@ #TQ4E !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%


MTU#5[K5YP[
;JY #D'H..
N#_LGQ+IOA'7?-EHC77VR6]%IJ?VB);=([F6

?B[7M1U.ZM=!T#3KE;6TMKJ1KK5'@9C
K
$
G6N$U;PG<
MP^)M5,^@^)=4L9[TM8)M)UA;)&\M'5Q(GVF+/4=5;O^/2VWA*\U3X.IX4UZ
M2&WO9M


M:Y@5NCRQ%0JC&

MBY*ECF






BR-R@G(QG/EYW=/:O

M\


$KD'E2P# 'BKEYXDT.RTVWU&\UG3;?3[C'DW4MTB12YZ;7





F@#*/CF333KL/B73%L[S2K.*^

M:#XWN=+N9+?Q5HS:?.;)[^W6SF-YYRH55XQA%/F@R1_* 0=W#'!KGM
\-ZQJ


4 4M(^(&H:Y9:*NC


T%N^EP:I%-
P#/'++
B@ICCB(-G/1\$#%.T[QBEW
MK-YI[60C
&L-I*N;F

MY?#-A;V\EEJ4UF?-5YF=&$
B






MNPH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****


MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHKBM)\

MQ:9?:#86]C86ETWVRQEEWM*C





I3
M8'RIPV3QC.1D ZBBBN^)/C:\\(Z]X5BCMX)=+OYW34)75B\$0
:B12#@ -



Y$3^7
M(Q1$+!0W&X@#T-;.I37LFDO+H2VLMW(JF'[4S+%@D?
=H)X!)QQG&
C.0 7Z

M$VGZU'H^K1:1=WM]8S7-C+;B2WA$T6W=#)N
AQ^\4AP.0&^44 =O17GUUXNU



M



CTFPN=1G4W%[)

MJBQ^80




UUE% CD]*B\:1R6-IJ$NAM;0
!/




Z@VR_NBROCYMP!P
M5SD&[9^]1A\/V5@TUH9H?$3ZNQ#MM
+7CS!1\OW]K 8Z9SSCFO0** 
S4M$






IT9=)O\ 69]1

1&



MD1AG=@$X*EAT/6L-/AL]MXZ\
V@DBGO/ME9_+;;(H*Y4K\W./NYKV&B


CK6_10!YKHO@K5

?#7@S6Y]-\06?


M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%






M'0


1G8D<0OZA@'1PK$


!I/F33:K%L5B]LGEJS D9



M!D8[NHQTYR



M$178
6D$?W'1AASD


OE QL3CYAYF['\




(]D<8 $FX% =QYST/A/0&T.+4)+F[^V:CJ-TUY=W C\M7D*J@ID[5(B@
M9)XR2230!Y;_ 




MH]G/9:IY-M#=W
-NP@^SP

*21O:3DY[C/%96O_  _N[#3=0U:S:TGU*6S


M[1OIOLSZ.; 7CZ-+8*':97PL



=Y3RY&P2J. &P02
K69\1_&.IP:EI5KX6N4BA@O+!]3G









M)R :U/A98ZE?$VHZKYA;5-3^TPM);-;
Z+!#'N\IB6C&8VPK'=@ GDT =U
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
61110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?_V0$!
end







begin 644 safm-20201031_g5.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0   0 !  #_VP!#  8$!08%! 8&!08'!P8(A *@D)

TH,4H*2C_

H&A8:*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H
M*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*@H*C_P  1 -^!00# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#ZIHHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 


@G Z9Y]?3O'7BFP\%^%-0U[5=YM;1 VQ/O2
2 J+[DD



BT[6-5BM?
FMY9?M2

M6TTC7/$-I:ZBQ 


M.3&(YV8_NPIS][C)/;!(!VUE\0]OQ#\6Z7JDNGV_A_1=/M[Y+P9W$2+N8LVX



BO//)QM^^1MQ@].N?:JOQFL;N_^$WB:SLH)KR\EL61(H(R[R-QP
:W@5D1PR!XH9B1OW!1D\D&N<
M\-?&/Q+KOPO\2:WJUSH?A[4-+U&U$SV<[Q(5W!D4R-NY(X'Y=1D1_W6K[





M26)ECEGX7&_IN/4@'(S7




M86





M(EYX
CM? @U6ULA?O(5N_)



G=U/IZU)\0/!]SXF_:!M$NM.O'T*Z\+RV
]
MZL#&&-V:?C?C:'&Y2!G/2O+-8^'/BT?!C7+K5].U+4?$]SJ5M9)#';O+*+2U
M!C0A0
[203G'(VMDYS0!]-^+_B'X5\'W

[MBOG&TR8V!L\8+9S5;Q3\8O GA7
&D8!&?E'3I6G\4KG6;GQ)X?\)ZQX9\6:MX/T6&2
M_FTK3GG_ +4N%C4A=WF

M]'4
;'<$Y)N(96?<\H)!4)G. .QW 'V%7(+\2


GAW]H35[]?#NI

M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
B#PYI4'BBY\116NW6+BW6TE
MN/

UKT44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 45
M%=DK:S%200C$$=N*^;-%\6^([GP)X;T235-1.J6K66J7FH&5O
GLYFA
:E\Y

M

P$




QR#CL



$C(H ];HKR4_$/7K'1;*^U&#3)FUB&:/

MKVYM8DNUEMSAVEM)8T/^Z[*%?_@)-?.4/BOQ(? 47A\ZIJ']J*5U@ZCYS^:;
M L& 

M/(V_##


QR#

M_!WCK5=0T&]ETJ^LI(;:+4-7%UJ8DD^T0?;KE8XT.]2BJD0!8[MH9!MH ]IH

8&1D]:WYO'&L6_B:3PS.UBVH)+)


ML44H+= HCC.Z- 

M@J[8RP(&

L:2)+;HX=4R4# CD+DXSTSQ6C10!B-X2



MR?4\U7F\':9=2ZO)J(DOFU1XFF\_;PD
M3;HXUVJ
*IR1G)YSG-='10!0N=%TNZU.#4;K3;*;4(!B&ZD@1I8QS]UR

".U244 9UMHFG6UW?W,-K$LM
M\D<=Q\HPZHI55(Z8 )%0:9X7T#2DE73-#TJS66,Q2WM(XPZ'JIV@9'MTK8H



8

I&';&6!  P:+G0='NHI8KG
M2K:.6..&1)+9&#I&244@CE5+$@=!DXZUI44 8LGA/PY+:I:RZ!I#VR!PL36
M4910WW@!MP

[[



M^E;%% %+2M)T[1X&ATG3[2QA9M[1VT*Q*6]2% YJ[110 4444 %%%% !1110
L7_?L_\ Q5344 0[;C_GK%_W[/\ \51MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 
54U% %: W





ML7_?L_\ Q5344 0[;C_GK%_W[/\ \51MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 
54U% $.VX_YZQ?

C-R[RKYD(V-M_U

M%5-10!#MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 

A
M-S(A8R0C#





L7_?L__%4;;C_G
MK%_W[/\ \54U% %:<W,4$D@DA)52V/+/8?[U/VW'_/6+_OV?_BJ+W_CSG_ZY
MM_*IJ (=MQ_SUB_[]G_XJC;<?\]8O^_9_P#BJFHH AVW'_/6+_OV?_BJ-MQ_
MSUB_[]G_ .*J:B@';<?\]8O^_9_^*HVW'_/6+_OV?\ XJIJ* (=MQ_SUB_[

ML_\ Q5344 0[;C_GK%_W[/\ \51MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 
54U% $.VX_YZQ?]^S_

M[;C_ )ZQ?]^S_P#%4;;C_GK%_P!^S_\ %5-10!#MN/\ GK%_W[/_ 
51MN/^



V#@9H N45R7P



M_*IJIV5U;_8X/W\7^K7^








MA^UV_P#SWB_[[%'VNW_Y[Q?]]B@:BH?M=O_ ,]XO^^Q1]KM_P#GO%_WV* )
MJ*A^UV__ #WB_P^Q1]KM_\ GO%_WV* )JALO^/.#_KFO\J/M=O_ 
]XO^^Q



]XO^^Q1]KM_P#GO%_WV* )J*A^UV__


G6(_3B*0_R6G?\+$\*

MTZ?^.U&8=*
XF





M'+_



Y3_A'_ !=_T.W_ )28
M?\:BM_#GB^./:WC4@Y)YTV-^_J3G\.U=A]KM_P#GO%_WV*/M=O\ \]XO^^Q1


&'RMC[V??O^-=

I^AH3=[
=&K4]HZ5:U]U;JNOW?JC9HJ'

]XO^^Q1]KM_P#GO%_WV* )





M* BBB@ HHHH *AG_P!;;?\ 70_^@M4U0S_ZVV_ZZ'_T%J )J*** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ J%/\ C\E_ZYI_-JFJ%/\ C\E_ZYI_-J )J*** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ J&#_6W/\ UT'_ *M35#!_K;G_KH/_05H FHHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** H;3_5-_UT?_ --35#:?ZIO^NC_ /H1H FHHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** H;+_CS@_ZYK_*IJALO^/.#_KFO\J )J*** BBB@ H

JM:%)7F['4URVL^
K:WO

MSVXR

5OD-O&D42#HBA54

MU_\ @
-W_0/_ #]A7:W?^J7_ *Z)_PAJ'B?18-?T2YT^X^7S%RC]XW'*L/


TBBB@ HHHH **** (9_\ 6VW_ %T/_H+5
M-4,_^MMO^NA_]!:IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH A?_ (_(O^N;_P U
MJ:H7_P/R+_KF_\ -:FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ALO^/.#_KFO\JFJ&R_X
M\X/^N:_RJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *AG_P!;;?\ 70_^@M4U0S_ZVV_Z
MZ'_T%J )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J%/\ C\E_ZYI_-JFJ%/\ C\E_
MZYI_-J )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&#_6W/\ UT'_ *M35#!_K;G
M_KH/_05H FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H;3_5-_UT?_ --35#:?ZIO
M^NC_ /H1H FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H;+_CS@_ZYK_*IJALO^/.#



M **** BBB@ HHHH AO?^/.?_KFW\JFJ&]_X\Y_^N;?RJ:@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** (;O_5+_P!=$_\ 0A4U0W?^J7_KHG_H0J:@#A_&


N[:&\M9K:Y
M0203(4=#T92
$5PW@C4Y=U7PIK(DC$+LNFW
W N8L\*#T) ([^W:H^%^3.

M% !1110 4V61(HWDE=4C0%F9C@*!U)/I3JJZII]IJNG7%AJ




MFJ%/^/R7_KFG\VHVW'_/6+_OV?\ XJH46X^V2_O8O]6G_+
^K?[5 %RBH=MQ


54


YQA%RD[)&Q17#KXNU;5 /\
MA&M$GO(VZ75U']GA(]02V6'T%/DT#Q1JZ_\ $Y\0K8Q'K;Z7&5_\B'YJCGOM

 -#LR&-C:7

S'U.YB/TJU:^%=(:-B=(T4

C_QIB^+?#K.Z#7=
RN
Y


%Z
7\223Q;X=C7<VNZ81D#Y;I&/Y T__A*?#_\ T'=*_P# R/\ QJM)
MX1T:1<-H^C 9!^6Q4'CZ&G?\(IH__0'T3_P7I1[P?[5_=_$G_P$I\/_ /0=
MTK_P

?GG%1_\(IH__0'T3_P7I33X1T8R!_['
MT;(!'_'BN/RSBCW@?UKIR_B6?^$I\/\ _0=TK_P
C_QJ&S\4: MI &US2@0B





M^?\ @5'*^K#V%67Q57\DE^C?XG++I7CN]NF-YK^G:?;
OW;*W\P@^@WC(^N?
YYUG6-9U+/5);HI'^KC'YUNC5+8W#0#5=.,ZJ&:,,-P!Z$C?G%2_
M;8_^@A9?Y_X%1[-=06I/X[R]6W^&WX&7%X1\/Z;9S&STBS5UC;#M&'8<?WF
MR:Z&&*/9!&D:9SM10!^0K-O;V/['/_ 


M/_Q5










MJ-MQ_P ]8O\ OV?_ (J@:BH=MQ_SUB_[]G_ .*HVW'_ #UB_P_9_\ BJ )



  =A45E_

M?#[_ *%NW_[_ $O_ 
57H5%'/+N'LX]CSN7X*_#Z2-D_X1R%=PQE9Y01]#NH





S\//$MA_R ?B1KT6.@U**.^_





MYM_*IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH AO?^/.?_KFW\JFJ&]_X\Y_^N;?
MRJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;O\ U2_]=$_]%35#=_ZI?\ KHG_

3R=1MW$]G..L<J].?0]#

MHHHH **** BBB@%_\ C\B_ZYO_ #6IJA?_ (_(O^N;_P UJ:@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@&R_X\X/^N:_RJ:H;+_CS@_ZYK_*IJ BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ J&?_ %MM_P!=#_ZU35#/_K;;_KH?_06H FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** H4_P/R7_KFG\VJ:H4_P/R7_KFG\VH FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH

M6NRCY+9#\L?^U(?X1W_PZTFTM69U:T*


ZWX@G_
M +1UV09+D#RH?0(N.W3/\J[&ILY;['*J=3$ZUO=C_+U?^)_HOFV4])TRRTBR
M2TTVWCM[=.B(/U)[GW-7***O8[8Q45:*L@HHHH&%%%% !4-I_JF_ZZ/_ .A&


M&E%QKB:AX@OL@FYU2\DE;@YZ @8]L5Z':VT%I;I!:0Q00(
+'$@55'L!P*EH



*1]/T][..X3WLA:
LG&X(HX+ 9YZ=*]/U.U-



WF2


(?#_P'



M[122UM9NQZK13(#(T$9G55E*@NJG(#8Y KQGQ_\ %'Q+H.K6UM'H4=@ARX^U

<__ %S;


M@A?

?&
MR2ZUV6+7+&*#37#&)[=6


M\4?4%NTHU&24C'R);2;CS[J!^M9][\8OD%C/-;W
]Q.BY2 0.ID/IDC _'



N#^M8%YX-U*WM9H-%UZ


M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %87C?5[[0_#%]?Z3ISZC?1I^

O3M1U75/


MW01A0 %@9    &.0#LJ*** BBB@ HIDD

M FHJ'[);_P#/+_O@4?9+?\ YX1?]\@ LO^/.#_ *YK_*IJIV5K;_8X/W$7


M+WP^AE\FUO1J%QC(BLK*25C^(7'ZU2BWLB7.*W9Z917E4_Q$OKR!SX=^&WB*

<\4G%K;?U1C5Q*@K05Y
M=%M_2/4M1\1W_B.\ETKP80(T.RZU9AF.+U$?]YO\^XZ#PQX;L?#MHT=HK27$
MIW3W
IW23-ZL?Z5P%CK7C:PM([:S^$


!
M_;%OUS_?V[3_ +O7O5C_ (27Q[_T2:+_ 



M_? H^R6__/+_O@4N=]- Y$]]1\$,5OD-O&D42 *B(H55 Z  =!3ZA^R6__
M #PB_P^!1]DM_\ GA%_WP*DLFHJ'[);_P#/+_O@4?9+?\ YX1?]\@:BJ







UU_9PX



M9K:*);4MQUW9P0/0FO6OLEO_ 



MK:W!J
6M%X8X(TFDN23-\@QN4@8).
]N2:[:_P#ASX9U+4I[_4K&2ZN9G
C&


M'[);_P#/+_O@4?9+?\ YX1?]\F9DJ(J*%10JCH 


E_IVS(N)F6V$ASU4L

M] 



GX8K8^R6__
M #PB_P^!1]DM_\ GA%_WP*<:23N]7YDU

MX1?]\C[);_\\(O^^!6ARDU%0_9+?_GA%_WP*/LEO_SPB_[X% $U%0_9+?\
MYX1?]\C[);_ //+_O@4 %W_JE_ZZ)_Z$*FJG=VMOY2_N(O]8G\ _OIOLE










#<5*RE^C:[='\NQ*/$&
MN^&_D\56/VRQ7_F)V*Y 'K)'U'U''IFNLTK4[+5K1;G3;J*Y@;^*-LX]B.Q]

:BH?LEO_P \(O\ O@4?9+?_
M )X1?]\@:BH?LEO_SPB_[X%'V2W_YX1?\ ? H FHJ'[);_ //+_O@4?9+


M_? H FHJ'[);_P#/+_O@4?9+?\ YX1?]\@:BH?LEO_P \(O\ O@4?9+?_
M )X1?]\@:BH?LEO_SPB_[X%'V2W_YX1?\ ? H FHJ'[);_ //+_O@4?9+



91?_4TB16^(OC!F  )^U+S^8)_6G?\*PU'_HHGC#_ 


M!'BO4 ?NRR6@MX6]




M:QF5%QVRO7\

MX2G_ .0M_:^K'N;W49FS_P!\E?\ (K0_X6MX6_Y^+S_PE_^)H_X6MX6_P?

M+6WLXA%:0101#HD2!1^0KA(/B[X5FDF42WR^6VW)M'.[W& 2/QP:F_X6MX6_




M8/:P?4[RBOG_ 

ML4NH?:;:[Z2Q);R2*&]F Y'ZU$(RG?E6QUXC#RPT8RJ-+F\STJJ5KJVG7=]-




M4]1+Z8D$RP.L@
GS
K






M?^ 4O_Q--T)[-

DD)@CC@+?
9;Y^
M0,T<=?]X 5-_P +6\+?\_%Y_P 4O\ \30J$TK<K*K8YUJGM)2U.FG\.:+-
M826,FE6/V208:)8%53Z=!5K2=,LM(L8[/3+:*VM8_NQQC ]S[GWKC_\ A:WA
M;_GXO/\ PE_^)J%OB[X56[2#S;[+*6W?9'P/;&



 ?F:(/BUX5EA2


H(R?P!J;_ (6MX6_Y^+S_ 
 I?_B:

M4R*5


26-AIDFUAZ%W4G]*G]Y
XK
MGSKOB#Q#\OAK3_L%DW_

SA)-



MIT4?GBNJZ=*\^M?C#X-NTW6M_/


MYJ






9=OX7B)X;GICK@]

=.:Z;3-=T

MT^YD
D^N:L\A.2Y\O)_';25-Q^VG\F:RJT*FOLW%^337W/7\3U*BO
;GX8ZE



?&_B38R!0OG\Y'OTQ
M^'XU/_P@-]_T.OB;_P %_PHY(_S!S2_E.U?_C\B_PN;_S6IJX!O =[]IC7
M_A
_$O*







H?R\#&=O?USWSCC%+)J'Q&MT9YM
\-
BC+
+F10!]34\QT?5G_
OO._H

T;5D



MX6-X1_Z#]E_WT?\ M[^QM,_Z!UE_P!^%_PH_L;3/^@=9?\ ?A?\*+T^ST^

9]LYI_\ PL;PC_T'[+_OH_X5L_V!HWG^
M?_9.G^=MV^9]F3=CTSC.*E_L;3/^@=9?]^%_PHO3[
+5.Z
'_A8WA'_H/V7_

_Z!UE_P!^%_PJH= T


+5.Z
S_ (6-X1_Z#]E_WT?\*;+\2?!\
M4;.VO6AC)V[F/X #)KH/[&TS_H'67_?A?\ F3:%I$T;1S:5821L
%6MT(/



MNS]#.4



MGBOA7WAR2?Q/[CAK?X;:9/
EQXDO=0U^Y4Y!O9CY:G_9C& !['-=?I^GV6G0





M1Y;ZZZ?.[-JZN(K2VFN+F18H(D






M

M  D@#)ZT44 %1W
\5K;2W%S(D4$2EY)'.%50
DD^E5M9U2RT;3IK_5+B.VM(



MYUSR=HKK^B[LT&^+/@X!5M+^:ZD/2*WM)2WY%13?^%AW5W_R!_!OB.Z]'FMQ


M6V6W$@/8
C3-7AFT36AP;.^&W


GC-%%
M% $-[_QYS_\ 7-OY5
  
  #KQ4-[_QYS_\ 7-OY5-0 4$ @@C(-%% !1110
M $ D$@9'2BBB@ I

M[OT6[_+S+VH^







MZV_\ BJ@O
M?!WQ+-K(+?XGI)+CY5?0X(P?^! DC\!7J5%'._Z2#V:\_O9Y@NK_ !/\/JJZ

M0-(FV2WF613\PZ%216E7F'B#X*^#+Z_@UULIM*N8W SILI@5MQ S@<#&3C;




PM8
MA




M:U_-+H^]M/0^D**\-NO&GQ:%HEW8:#H-]:R+NCDMH)9@P_X!
3^! /M4'B+Q

M6?Y
]YHKQ;PKX@^*WB:U74=
]=]<6=M<RPRW%M#++#N\IW0
4W#:VTGID
M$@XZBH;'2=.L/(^PZ?:6WD0_9XO)A5/+BR#L7 X7(!P..* +M%%% !1110 R

HMT&


M%LKD6F]W8\VL;SXB:U&T5O8:9X?M55 D]RWVB4KC^$*2I/U ZX[&IX?AR+QU






M6
&)+#3'/*@])9!ZG!P/\G^,G@CQ%XJUBPGTB2![*&()Y3RECEB2^.F




MFG2BH^TJ[=%U?_ [LK:5X;U;Q/J4.N^-8(A%&=]EHQD/EV_HT@Q\[_7I^@]!



M_6N:N/AAKM@;G4] \3-!K
J@RHD(ABG/HVT]?]K'7ZYK)5&W[JNCOEAJ3C^^



MY^2_\!7_ 


ZPW650D?Z5)Z










M_P#Q-%[_ 

M0!#NN/\ GE%_W\/_ 


M 


MP_\ Q-344 0[KC_GE%_W\/\ \31NN/\ GE%_W\/_ 
34U% $.ZX_YY1?]_#_

MPK?P[_SPN_\ P+D_QI7EV
U4Q5M81_\  G_\B=47N 3' .I
I_^)I0]P1D
M10D?]=3_ /$UR
OPT\.21.AANQN&

XHB^&GAR.)$$5V=HQDW3C/Y'%


G.


MU[X/(Z9[T.4ET+ITJDZ




M.20(X21U'FGC_P =KPSQ[\
];BL-)_L&-[N8*5O!%.P!?(PP#MTQGZ5Z;\._



MH #R
'I7.:QX'\






M

M+!UCCB#;=S'U.#@8![5Y5IX\1?%?4HM5AEMM-TVT?R0K$R^4P )(0C#
=W4X

(FAT8C-CI!)VXQQ))TR?3Z]AP?0='TJQT:Q2STNUBM



YSE4?-)W84444$A1110 5#!_K;G_K



MTK&52I*K+FD%%%%
SBBB@ HHHH **** H;+_CS@_ZYK_*L3Q#XNTO1)1;.







E)71S5:4J4W:LT%%%%,SBBB@

+7O$=Y9:+X<M-2U'3 J7.HS7K6+0
ZAA%'-&C2[]I4D#
(O!$89Y#NO])SB.['=D_NR?3K^8;J/GB33_$^
MF\TV0Y4[)H9!MD@?NKKV-?1E5*22]I3UC^*\G_ )]39HHHIG.%%%% !111
M0 4444 %0I_Q^2_]<T_FU9_B#Q'I'AZ 2ZS?P6JGE58Y=OHHY/XN5O?$]]X
MB:\L_!=F\PEB\DZE-F*&'[PW+D98C/8=N]2Y)$5:D:*BY_:VT;OWMZ=38U[Q




B

)(
M\=3;0K.!^1%5&^+7A^RF/]I6NKV/FS!?])LV39\H&3SVQVR?:CF0+!UGM&_I



[:N0\9^+SI5S%H^AV_\ :7B2

]W/W

D[S]ISCT[C'Y&EM[_QJ(SLT72R-


M'J)I)&Q_WP2/U-3?8O'
W^LU71K?_KC;N_\ Z%1[6^T6-X/E=I5(_??\DSL:
MK7]_::? 9K^Z@MHA_'*X0?K7(W?AOQ;=P
DOC)H]Q'$-@B8Y[





<'_7-?Y5

M4/\ M8Z'V'H*W?WBR\2Z4E]I['9G8Z

-&^ 2I_
5HO_Q^1?\ 7-_YK7&^



M9+
6[QP1Q!#%([NIVHK?
1][.

MX
LT:)M07$:%&CW)&V

8:-

M1?\ V




M\-/FJV1R6







ME323T[=/NV(?LEO_ 

M_/+_O@5-10!#]DM_P#GA%_WP*KQV-I(]RLEK Z^8.&C!'W%JIKOB?1M4_V
)IXXSUM]



M5U]\K6^2//=*^)^IZA*UK:^!OMURJY\RTES&W.
\Q\#ZFJM[J'C?5IB+_P /






M_GA%_P!\C[);_\ /+_ +X%344 0_9+?_GA%_WP*/LEO_SPB_[X%344 9'B

M)KJ;TJW*G2O%]/U79_TR**RN(4F@2WEBD4
CH%96!Z$$=13_LEO_SPB_[X



$7_? H^R6_\ SPB_[X%344 0_9+?_GA%_P!\C[);_\
M/+_ +X%344 4[VUM_L<_PXB_U;?P#TJ;[);_\ /+_ +X%%[_QYS_]<V_E



M0_9+?_GA%_WP*/LEO_SPB_[X%344 0_9+?\ YX1?]\C[);_ //+_O@5-10
M!#]DM_\ GA%_WP*/LEO_ 
\(O^^!4U% $/V2W_YX1?\ ? H^R6__ #PB_P^
M!4U% $/V2W_YX1?]\C[);_\\(O^^!4U% %-[6W^V1?N(O\ 5O\ P#U6IOLE

 3_C3]
MM#N9_P!GXG^1G5_9+?\ YX1?]\C[);_ //+_O@5QTOQ&L8[B*(Z-KVZ3.

MIS[4U5@W9




M9^\%Y&[

#L/]XD9 /;(KURBAQN
PKH9/ M]</ -5\8:_.6?#WE6W7[I/0

M5MSL%&
'M-T!H].@Q(_
L[G=+*?5F/)_E1=O;07M:U


M$D4*#:J(H55'H *DHJE%(VI4(4M5JWNWN_Z[;!1113-@J%/^/R7_ *YI_-JF
MJ%/^/R7_ *YI_-J )J*** BBB@ HHHH ***S?$6M6F@:7+?7[D1KPJ+RTC'
MHJCN32;25V5$JDE&*NV4_&/B!=!TP-@GU&X/E6=L 299#TX'.!GG_ZXKA

F3^62*N^$]%N[B_;Q'XB3_ (FDZX@MSRMG


M35S6E6E2E=?-='ZF3X2UJ+Q%X;T_58N+F%795.0C]&7\&!'X5K5YQHQ_P$


MV* .Y\Z








M_?P__$T;KC_GE%_W\/\ \30!-4*?\?DO_7-/YM1NN/\ GE%_W\/_ 




M_P#Q- $U%0[KC_GE%_W\/_Q-&ZX_YY1?]_#_ /$T 35#:?ZIO^NC_P#H1HW7

MQ-0V37'V.#]U%_JU_P6A]/]V@Y14.ZX_YY1?\ ?P__ !-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\
M30!-14.ZX_YY1?\ ?P__ !-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!-14.ZX_YY1?\ ?P__ !-&
MZX_YY1?]_#_\30!-14.ZX_YY1?\ ?P__ !-&ZX_YY1?]_#_\30!-14.ZX_YY










M\/\ \31NN/\ GE%_W\/_ 
30 /\ \?D7_7-_YK4U4W:X^V1?NHO]6_\ RT/J




C

#':?P\LFHZ'DM)ICMF2



UI(Q6)E2?+7B_5)M/[KV

N5MH^NP;2#(WH%SG\/8U5'BW5-6^7P

4[PMX=OK#5)=6\0W
-YK%S)L$D6=D401L(N0
#/

M


0^K-W-:E2H.6L_NZ?\$VEB(TER8?3N^K_ ,EY+YMA1116IQ!1110 5#!_
MK;G_ *Z#_P!!6IJA@_UMS_UT'_H*T 34444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !4-
MI_JF_PNC_\ H1J:H;3_ %3?]='_ /0C0!-1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

M[_QYS_\ 7-OY5-4-[_QYS_\ 7-OY5-0 4444 %9?BC1+;Q'H%[I5Z/W-S&5W
M8R4;JK#W!P?PK4HH'&3BU*.Z.+^%^MW-_I-QI.LG&N:-)]DN@3DN!]R3W# =



&I3MHSLJ4?;/GHZWZ=4^NGY6/0**S]&UK3-

M_PN;?RJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;W_CSG_PN;?RJ:H;W_CSG
M_PN;?RJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;O_5+_ -=$_P#0A4U0W?\
MJE_ZZ)_Z$*FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&?\ UMM_UT/_ *U35#/
M_K;;_KH?_06J:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (7_ ./R+_KF_P#-:FJ%
M_P#C\B_ZYO\ S6IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;+_CS@_PN:_RJ:H;+_CS@

C:_)G#/X8\4W=UY.H^+IF
EHH X[6?AQX=U&X^U6]M)I5^.5NM-D-N






MJ&]_X\Y_^N;?RJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (;O\ U2_]=$_]%35
M#=_ZI?\ KHG_ *$*FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&?_6VW_70_^@M4
MU0S_ .MMO^NA_P#06J:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** (7_X_(O\ KF_\
MUJ:H7_X_(O\ KF_\UJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **










=7_E\WH;_@G1&T+08H)VWW
MTQ

'^MN?^N@_]!6C[);_\
M\(O^^!4


_P#'G/\ ]<V_E4U4[VUM_L<_[B+_ %;?P#TJ;[);_P#/+_O@4 345#]


MU;?P#TJ;[);_ //+_O@4 345#]DM_\ GA%_WP*/LEO_ ,\(O^^!0!4O-TB
M]S]LTNPN


M/+_ +X% $U%0_9+?_GA%_WP*/LEO_SPB_[X% $U%0_9+?\ YX1?]\C[);_



M;_\ /+_ +X% $U%0_9+?_GA%_WP*/LEO_SPB_[X% $U%0_9+?\ YX1?]\C
M[);_ //+_O@4 #_ /'Y%_US?^:U-5-[6W^V1?N(O]6_\ ]5J;[);_\ /+_
M +X% $U%0_9+?_GA%_WP*/LEO_SPB_[X% $U%0_9+?\ YX1?]\C[);_ //
M+_O@4 345#]DM_\ GA%_WP*/LEO_ 
\(O^^!0!-14/V2W_YX1?\ ? H^R6__
M #PB_P^!0!-14/V2W_YX1?]\C[);_\\(O^^!0!-13(X8HB3'&B$]=J@4^@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&R_X\X/^N:_
MRJ:H;+_CS@_ZYK_*IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ J&?_6VW_70_^@M4U0S_
M .MMO^NA_P#06H FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H4_X_)?\ KFG\VJ:N

M35#:?ZIO^NC_ /H1H FHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** H;+_CS@_ZYK_*I
MJALO^/.#_KFO\J )J*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&]_X\Y_\ KFW\JFJ&
M]_X\Y_\ KFW\JFH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@&]_X\Y_\ KFW\JFJ&


<'_ %S7^534 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !4,_\ K;;_ *Z'_P!!:IJAG_UMM_UT/_H+4 34444 %%%% !12%@ 2 3T
M'K4

5H:/X*T?3I_M4D+W]

M@ HHHH *A@_UMS_UT'_H*U-4


M (;O_5+_ -=$_P#0A4U0W?\ JE_ZZ)_Z$*FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


M:21R[L68DDEF)Y/Z4 7Z*** BBB@!DCLA&V)W_W2/ZD4SSG_P?:7\U_P#B




I$7



B'

M7_XJCSG_ .?:7\U_^*J:B@'SG_Y]I?S7_XJCSG_ .?:7\U_^*J:B@'SG_Y
M]I?S7_XJCSG_ .?:7\U_^*J:B@'SG_Y]I?S7_XJCSG_ .?:7\U_^*J:B@'
MSG_Y]I?S7_XJCSG_ .?:7\U_^*J:B@'SG_Y]I?S7_XJH8)G\VY_T:7_ %@[
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M-+_JU[KZ?[U7*ALO^/.#_KFO\J #SG_Y]I?S7_XJCSG_ .?:7\U_^*J:B@'

MA\Y_^?:7\U_^*H\Y_P#GVE_-?_BJFHH A\Y_^?:7\U_^*H\Y_P#GVE_-?_BJ
MFHH A\Y_^?:7\U_^*H\Y_P#GVE_-?_BJFHH A\Y_^?:7\U_^*H\Y_P#GVE_-
M?_BJFHH A\Y_^?:7\U_^*H\Y_P#GVE_-?_BJFHH IWLS_8Y_]&E_U;=U]/\

M7$+PW$:2PR*5='4


M .*JG;:E9ZOH1O\ 3;A+BTFA9DD0\'@_D?4'D5I51RM-.S(?.?\ Y]I?S7_X


^TOYK_ /%5-10!

M_P#Q5344 
C=G)W1.G^\1_0FGT44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444

M %%%% !1110 5#/_ *VV_PNA_\ 06J:H9_];;?]=#_ZU $U%%% !1110 4

<'_ %S7^5 $U%%% !1110 4

_\ 'G/_ -<V_E4U !1110 4







MK]D:.Y_D14F@_$G0]6UF72IDO-*OTP%AU*(0-(3V4$GGV.#SQFGS(3PM6S:5
MTNUG^1VM%%%
YPHHHH **** BBB@&?_6VW_70_^@M4U0S_ .MMO^NA_P#0


18JN6.2S%7C;CY3DB@#IZ*YF#QG8/X



+LSSTZ%XH\(_/X7O3K6E+_S

M:RZY\
JV$5[IMS'<VLHR
MDD9R#_\ 7]NU-.YG5HNG[R=XO9_UL_(M4444S$**** (9_\ 6VW_ %T/_H+5
M-4
_^MMO^NA_]!:IJ BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH A?_ (_(O^N;_P U
MJ:H7_P/R+_KF_\ -:FH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

MS9&!@'FNTHH \O;PCJ\WP[N_TUJJWEY'-J,EXESMA6[DNC/Y (Q( V-X7H
M

MS@_ZYK_*IJ (?LR?WI?^_K?XT?9D_O2_]_6_QJ:B@'[,G]Z7_OZW^-'V9/[
MTO\ W];_ !J:B@'[
G]Z7_OZW^-'V9/[TO_ '];_&IJ* (?LR?WI?\ OZW^



G]Z7_OZW^-'

M_P!_6_QJ&TMD\IOFE_UC_P#+5O[Q]ZN5#:?ZIO\ KH__ *$: #[
G]Z7_OZW

M[^M_C1]F3^]+_P!_6_QJ:B@'[,G]Z7_ +^M_C1]F3^]+_W];_&IJ* (?LR?
MWI?^_K?XT?9D_O2_]_6_QJ:B@'[
G]Z7_OZW^-0V5LGV.#YI?\ 5K_RU;T^
MM7*ALO\ CS@_ZYK_ H /LR?WI?^_K?XT?9D_O2_]_6_QJ:B@'[
G]Z7_OZ



MVR?8Y_FE_P!6W_+5O3ZU-]F3^]+_ -_6_P :+W_CSG_ZYM_*IJ (?LR?WI?^
M_K?XT?9D_O2_]_6_QJ:B@'[,G]Z7_OZW^-'V9/[TO\ W];_ !J:B@'[
G]
MZ7_OZW^-'V9/[TO_ '];_&IJ* (?LR?WI?\ OZW^-'V9/[TO_?UO\:FHH A^

MO\:+O_5+_P!=$_\ 0A4U $/V9/[TO_?UO\:/LR?WI?\ OZW^-344 0_9D_O2
M_P#?UO\ &C[
G]Z7_OZW^-344 0&UC(()E(/4&5O\:X/5?!5YH5Y)JO@&46T

Y3PCXGT[Q$9;8K=6.K
MV_%SI]S*RRQ'U'/S+[CU'3-=+]F3^]+_ -_6_P :YGQWX'T_Q=#\LDEEJ-N
MVZ^MP!(F

.A^.TCMKN0[;74T&+:\^I_@?U!X
M^F1E7MN:NE&JN:COU77Y=U^*_$[?[
G]Z7_OZW^-'V9/[TO_ '];_&IJ*HY2
MG/;)YMM\TO\ K#_RU;^ZWO4WV9/[TO\ W];_ !HG_P!;;?\ 70_^@M4U $/V
M9/[TO_?UO\:/LR?WI?\ OZW^-344 0_9D_O2_P#?UO\ &C[
G]Z7_OZW^-34
M4 0_9D_O2_\ ?UO\:/LR?WI?^_K?XU-10!#]F3^]+_W];_&C[
G]Z7_OZW^-

M** BBB@ J&?_6VW_70_^@M4U0S_ .MMO^NA_P#06H FHHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** H4_X_)?\ KFG\VJ:H4_X_)?\ KFG\VH FHHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** H8/\ 6W/_ %T'_H*U-4,'^MN?^N@_]!6@:BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH *AM/]4W_ %T?_P!-35#:?ZIO^NC_P#H1H FHHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** H;+_CS@_ZYK_*IJALO^/.#_KFO\J )J*** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@&]_X\Y_^N;?RJ:H;W_CSG_ZYM_*IJ BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH AO?^/.?_KFW\JFJ&]_X\Y_^N;?RJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** (;W_CSG_ZYM_*IJAO?^/.?_KFW\JFH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@&[_U2_\ 71/_ $(5-4-W_JE_ZZ)_Z$*FH **** BBB@ HHHH *I:SI5

MHW]^

M FI:-K



MO^@?=?\ ?47_ 


M@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?
M=?\ ?47_ 
71]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %NBJGVN;_ *!]U_WU%_\ %T?:YO\

MJGVN;_H'W7_?47_Q='VN;_H'W7_?47_Q= %NH;3_ %3?]='_ /0C47VN;_H'









M:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?]]1?_%T?:YO^@?=
M?]]1?_%T 6Z*J?:YO^@?=?\ ?47_ 
71]KF_Z!]U_P!]1?\ Q= %NBJGVN;_

M?W2/[_O4OVN;_H'W7_?47_Q=)I


M'Q8\






^CZS'J3
M:BNF'3S'$TR3-TR$D2%I13\P8@$\XP2-[POX@@\0VUX\=K=6=Q9W+6ES:W

M2-




2Q

$



MEENU5! JR(70[BV3D#& ?7CFN@H **** BBB@ HHHH ***XOXQZGK&D_#V

49R&!'1R.1WH [2BO&/%_Q*U.?0/!\WAQQ:WM


)+?Q1K6GZJ\

L4$:


M2]E@B12[.)XT!!.#T8\9 I?B)XK?2;'5++36EAU6WM(;Q9MBL@1YQ'CG//#=

*

M*Y .THK*\-:Y:^(=


]CB6*5/[QQ+N4#()5MKXZ*<&@#




MM/\ L\(V6LD'EJOF-MSYF[//(/'.1U7AS0?[%O-?N/M/G?VKJ!O]NS;Y688H

M*0NY2K LW(;!#'(Z8[.B@#@D\#ZCINL#4/#6KZ=IC'3(=-: Z2&A&R260R*B
M2(%)



M# DB0 CID&O8** 



M!1110 4444 %%%% !6)XRT'_ (230CIWVG[-FYMKCS-F_P#U

9'7R\9S
MQG/.



;

5'& !F
MFZCX#U/6)=2N-:UZVENKRRALLVVGF*.


DX#8))
M 'IM% 'GGP^M=6N?&GB'7-4=Y8+BSM+.*5]/DL [1M
S;(97CS%Y8G)+8X

A3C]YN.S

G  Y/6MNBB



)B1SZAS%1[;C5BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KG9



MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **9-*D

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M:UKZO_WS0!H450_M:U]7_P^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_P#O
MF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?_ +YH OT50_M:U]7_ .^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/
M[6M?5_\ OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?\ [YH OT50_M:U]7_[
MYH_M:U]7_P^: +]%4/[6M?5_P#OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_ +YH_M:U
M]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_[YH_M:U]7_ .^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_\ OF@
M_15#^UK7U?\ [YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_P^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/[6M
M?5_^^:/[6M?5_P#OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?_ +YH OT50_M:U]7_ .^:

M: +]%4/[6M?5_P#OFC^UK7U?_OF@_15#^UK7U?_ +YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_
MM:U]7_[YH_M:U]7_ .^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5_\ OF@_15#^UK7U?\
M[YH_M:U]7_[YH OT50_M:U]7_P^:/[6M?5_^^: +]%4/[6M?5_^^:/[6M?5
M_P#OF@_15#^UK7U?_OFC^UK7U?_ +YH OT50_M:U]7_ .^:/[6M?5_^^: +











M'_SS3\A1Y4?_ #S3\A0!R%%=?Y4?_/-/R%'E1_\ /-/R% '(45U_E1_\\T_(



M'_SS3\A1Y4?_ #S3\A0!R%%=?Y4?_/-/R%'E1_\ /-/R% '(45U_E1_\\T_(









M #S3\A0!R%%=?Y4?_/-/R%'E1_\ /-/^^10!R%%=?Y4?_/-/R%'E1_\ /-/R








MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

M@K Y8Y(/05T7@WQ(OB+1)KV:U-C/;7


M[0/+9)))5]


M-6U5=
2TEF*LF68F0G;G'E+YF





M'\0;71?B'H7A:2W5_M\





M4)'4;E)&: +M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %








^UF22'[
M0D8DBN%(09!RN_)&0

4*
[RINA.
M'B*JL8W9?
C'IDUZM10!YC\0M!N=:O+\CP6;C4UCV:7K=C?102PDKP9'+)(@

A$?@G/&!U J&#




M?3(KBZ%^2RC9%)93Q9P3DY:11P#UST%=K10!XWX




(D$T):
[LX
M

+MQGFNUHH \-U3

MO[_0]
ETRQDNKFRUTO6M/-19'2.0%E#,P7=C/5@1UKK** /%O$UKJPU*;5



M/0CUJ:@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH


$]*Q]=\#7[V^D:%:1.9?\ A#K_


T
UZ+I9HE9$
MDMKR:V;:V


% Z 9
M8GCKQG.!0!;HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB







E<Y8

MVV^T7]Q%;P;TC\R1MHW
P51GU+$#\:LT %%4]-U.TU+[5]BE\W[+.]M-\I7;
M(N-R\CG&1R.*JZ]XCTG0)M
BUB\6U?4KE;.UW*Q$DS=%R 0
XZG H UJ*R-0

\
*M&AUT:/)
M=D7WF+$0(9#&LC+N6-I NQ7*\A2P)!''(K;H **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***



B^&+D^



MURQ@CL[C2S&SW

MBNY$AV/=6\;JT0(1P5=OO GTQBO4]%\6^&]=NVM=$\0:1J-TJ&0PVE['
X4$


V@
 2@';!I^)=1O[7QC/-X?N+V




UU]ML+=M5NT:QO

L(A

M:7$K*TGS12B))'





I #M9

MXI\06LUG=7M_/I44(D*/#'#I]RLQ5E(*EIS-R#A4Z$5W'P3O]$L/6G:/#J

M0-C=@=


M-V
'BKZQXCNO@Y/JL,+_P#1'3Y)(@EN59F&=LBQ'HQ4!PA[G%=Y10!XW;Z

;9E


MGD9O[Q8KDGWH XJ;^RO/^*__  D_V??N7?YV
WA:ZC1HDF* NB,064-U )5<CO
MM'I0!Q7@+_B?^*?$7BQ\M;M)_9.FGM]G@8^8X_WYM_/<(M<AXEDN;K6]<UW



MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 

M:R6(&0HM9LGVY2A/BYX)9%)UDJ2

M8+K?Q 5B RZ^6(/4 V=K@_2M[PQXHT?Q1!/-H5Y]JCA8)(?*=
$C/\0%5M:\





M#D'9^Y=

\_^
M'_A;0O$/@;1/$&L1B[UR^@CO+C5#(R7


MB5EE^T2VPN)5MI9





!)OHS5[[HVD_P!F


MS






D!$CLS
2[







Z:986NEZ?;V.GP);VEN@CBB0<*HZL__ (1?1_[$N=(^Q_\ $NN)

MHD]
ML EQ?^2R-B4L2NPD$


*1O-=<K!
9HA@$#Y96]
M^AR.*XWQ1\/[K6]4OE2TTZVM+RZBGENH[^Y!9592UH!Y+2_)M$A;(X..
$


\8P







D'IC'''O6WX3UG4[C7-;T37#9S7


M !D\4 :M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% .JNC(ZAE88((R*$541410JJ


S
ZD@9^;.

@9D0GD@'D\G)H QKJ*]\




9R!$H!!&


D+JKQ30R
5QD'[RR'G!QY?.
B@#.\1^


M@-D'C#GICMS7%:GX2?1'T@^'H/$#R6MO- ;O3KFT64HT@D\N1)P$9222& W+

BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

[G<1*

:S[,LLBC)Z
M8%0Z;X]FLKG5QK5EJ5Q90ZXVG+?Q11&W#NB1*WS!V&YP-RJV
\FM'3O!^L:

MVL1ZKYGD9V;)XIO+QNYSY6-V1][..





M^Z3N- &Q?^.;.R^VR2Z?J+6FG[?[1ND6
QV)*JY63Y\L55@6\L. #UJMJ'
MQ$L;*[U:

8)HW/PU@GU6]O





XSD\'/-=!K_ 
+8-9\#Z?X=FU-HS:7S
MW?VE(.721Y/




MI:?\.&@U3[7-?6
.8@9'FE*$*?,W#8'BP ,$YS71?\ 9-I
MGB;7+/4I9+TJ]G#I]G:1+YLTDD19P@R

OWM-7A2TCT^[

_Q#LH;BX$FDZN+*VU%=

M_O-[*6=1E5.






MRW%_;QQF%9MRJ4 




M4]/BT\:W#%96MS/=6A-ANF4RNSM%*_F 20DL=R;5+ #+9&:[3Q9H-QKVCVL$


UCW_ 
4KFWU9KB/2


-K$A

MEX GL?$VG:K?6EE9)ID
D5M%!J%S?

+G$2 C)SGY157QSH%WJW

VB91.90\4WELPWD%H+<8(VT =$?B3I



\2^$]&F:.270M(N9+N6$DINFD18U!('41
MRGG'W: /3Z*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH




TW
MPVGA\7\FGQQV<&HB\BCM7@0!5=P3YJOL RJQL,CKBL_4_.IR^&?$
$&GQF^



4T(E5;FZ\R*XCWNJ9V*5(+



?L4M@HA






Y.*=;Z'XGO$?29[2


M&G10/?V\^HB&5'EB67RXE\LA\!@-S% 3D \&MZU\46YU/7+?45CT^WTI8&DN
M+B=57]ZF[YNRXZ=2#7)?$+0;G6KR_(\%FXU-8]FEZW8WT4$L)*\&1RR2(%8D

#J!4













M-19'2.0%E#

NY5;)X)7D
M ]1S3](U;3M:LQ=Z/?VFH6I)436LRRH2.HW*2

M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** L7Q1IVLZC! FA:[
M_8TJ
3))]C2X\P8Z88\?6MJB@J
G!\R_S_

7POIVLZ=!.
MFNZ[_;

X=)N9_M6CZS_9UO(L5QJ0@18(B2!G#


Z'#K%M=
M1OIDL NDN,X4QE=V[VXKBX[EOOBG5;U=(U.YTO4K&U-F;*SDE97B5E\AT S


M



6 \]\G[Z[LY^]

']&?5AJK:1I[:H"+PVR&8'&/OXW=..M:
M=% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 0W-K;W7E?:8(IO*D$L?F(&V..C#/0C
MUJ:BB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *;-&DT3Q3(KQ
MNI5E89# ]013J* *^FV4&FZ?;6-FACMK:-88D+%MJ*


M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 52TW5;+4IM0BLIO-DL+


NKEFB#;2Q6
M.-BHR0/FQ6WH6L6&O:9'J&DW*W%I(64.%*D
I*LI4@%2" 017B.CWESX8

MU\_V]01'=2/



M4GU768+76;.RNXWC70I+O79X5DB
2&.185C=;H


MZY=K:07-S':1.R
P

M]*T_4;Q8;W596ALXMC







MO$8KRYU#5=&T_3M;U6;PS/XB:WM+R.]DWW






L_
M[P



MW






I #M9&C(+2;206;YAB@#V

M;%'&D5W(D.Q[JWC=6B!.KM]X$^F
5[=0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%


M$O[
VD9N_ML=UY8SUV*/U/ K:^'WB'Q!JWP_;4[[3OM6J*S+(@^U*
8;)X
M7J1G&/EKNZ*GE=[W.F6(INGR*FD[WOK]V]_Q
;PUJ&KZA!
VN:)_9$B
 B?:

$N(HI59X6(R X!RI(YP:M5\\WFKW7@G
^6&HV.
MH_:/[/O+:Z^S3-;S^1*K^5*N-T;8/RL,C(/(S5JOGWP4VH^;*^\/:<UU+<7



+-;U[40\7A33Y+?2=86$A[AO*/GQ/M(^6(O,%.T[B,'@
M@#W6BN

6MS-<0VU
MS#++;L$F2-PS1
5# 






GV[5]6ETZ2=+A].
D?D
R$

^N&!&:O44

;=@&


+MR
@\9




6GB#1[FQQ%:R7%N;)KE(@9%MG9?-B5N


MMG\V!Y(PQB?!&Y2?NG!(R.Q-$UC:37D%W-:P275NK+#
\8+QAL;@K=0#@9QU

$G/!!R
^H+/!'A6

M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
D* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH __9
end











  xml:lang=en-US
  xmlns=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31
  xmlns:iso4217=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:safm=http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031
  xmlns:srt=http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2018-01-31
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31
  xmlns:xbrldi=http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink




            


            
            




            


            




            


            




            


            




            


            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            


            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            


            




            


            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            
            




            


            




            

                



            




            


            
            




            


            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            



        


        




                


                




        


        


        


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=i807d4f8ce3234366a574865d82e7fa7f_D20181101-20191031


      contextRef=ib4744a9dd64c45a1b10f0ca51e75aa20_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=id9d1566a9d894c189b119d076bf0f952_D20171101-20181031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031



      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=i2de6fad7f9264143b8a54a1688ef0572_I20200430
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xL2ZyYWc6Nzg2NDJlZGNhZDdlNDBmYzk1ZmM4NzIxODA2N2E1YTcvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjo3ODY0MmVkY2FkN2U0MGZjOTVmYzg3MjE4MDY3YTVhN18zMDMz_e8422258-bfc7-4e37-80a9-38376a57c767


      contextRef=idf683c9756074dd182e700b7b5d4bd97_I20201210
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xL2ZyYWc6Nzg2NDJlZGNhZDdlNDBmYzk1ZmM4NzIxODA2N2E1YTcvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjo3ODY0MmVkY2FkN2U0MGZjOTVmYzg3MjE4MDY3YTVhN18zMTA5_807bd018-a449-467c-a005-fd6dd82cfe01


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfNS0xLTEtMS0w_9d5fcff5-1cb6-4202-8b87-300139925ceb


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfNS0zLTEtMS0w_4d24e583-a5e2-408c-9f36-161d36cd0a40


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfNi0wLTEtMS0wL3RleHRyZWdpb246MzQyM2M2MDRkNTdmNDY0MWIwMTJlNGU4ZTBhMWIyZjZfMTY0OTI2NzQ0MTc0Ng_87559936-e6c8-4f9a-9fac-202405e195c7


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfNi0wLTEtMS0wL3RleHRyZWdpb246MzQyM2M2MDRkNTdmNDY0MWIwMTJlNGU4ZTBhMWIyZjZfMTY0OTI2NzQ0MTc3MA_1419f1c2-8160-4734-a73b-2dd73219df4f


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfNi0xLTEtMS0w_3559394c-0f44-4dc8-a512-ce3e1c0e803d


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfNi0zLTEtMS0w_3314c8ef-a544-4689-8332-2c26994ba277


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfNy0xLTEtMS0w_7fa77c77-d910-4028-a88e-fce6d771f3a7


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfNy0zLTEtMS0w_d4f13cf7-8f58-4095-9abf-c4f47e8ad616


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfOC0xLTEtMS0w_48800452-abf6-4f43-8946-fc1b5a7fe861


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfOC0zLTEtMS0w_fba9e681-05a8-44c4-b77a-372e5813d267


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfOS0xLTEtMS0w_d3229f65-7232-4f55-9ebe-8c9cddeeeeee


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfOS0zLTEtMS0w_0112c67a-d84e-4943-b411-b2e1bd07ef68


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMTEtMS0xLTEtMA_e062c643-af46-4a7d-b062-c826b8fcf848


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMTEtMy0xLTEtMA_e5b0b62c-cf12-4a30-935d-a0ee9fa0cfd6


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMTItMS0xLTEtMA_c12ccbb8-e8a4-4c51-9726-8110b6d5ca55


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMTItMy0xLTEtMA_efff6939-14c6-4f0a-b4bf-c1c9a3fca1a6


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMTMtMS0xLTEtMjk_2239f431-b5f3-4482-b4b8-ada255988b36


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMTMtMy0xLTEtMjk_28538226-9406-4c26-92ff-3a246a57dae3


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMTQtMS0xLTEtMzY_d5b5a6cc-b266-41ba-9acf-fccd500653bb


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMTQtMy0xLTEtMzY_0515d0e5-915a-477e-8989-191a0f709310


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMjAtMS0xLTEtMA_de95c170-7a1d-42ff-90fa-4272972138fa


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMjAtMy0xLTEtMA_1b061de5-9857-4eb3-b7f3-aa5e65d6c17f


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMjEtMS0xLTEtMA_5d29fe86-77b8-4816-9ad5-089c2c48dbb5


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMjEtMy0xLTEtMA_9cc7202d-a202-4a9b-bcf1-623cafa8f515


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMjQtMS0xLTEtMA_9e65234b-f0e2-4107-be7e-e7b2fc969580


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMjQtMy0xLTEtMA_9a2c109e-df38-42e0-993d-1a7cd1179790


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMjUtMS0xLTEtMA_bb63c712-40ad-4290-98f2-91c71ad5ffa7


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMjUtMy0xLTEtMA_353f2e84-2560-43f1-a330-3630c04c2950


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMjMtMS0xLTEtNDU_597c21f0-e8a3-4453-8c4c-6f71301a2c88


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMjMtMy0xLTEtNDU_f6d9217d-745e-4c3b-86ca-bdaaf0838d71


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMjktMS0xLTEtMA_a9b8aa79-9b73-4bce-ba5e-8d7656aa3848


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMjktMy0xLTEtMA_e9e73742-6af1-4739-b779-7a587b677a8a


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzAtMS0xLTEtMA_977265d7-0ce5-4746-9634-ed7041625dcf


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzAtMy0xLTEtMA_e9acd01b-3baa-44cc-b8cd-c0a9ca1d96cd


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzEtMS0xLTEtMA_d4649332-0efd-4b33-91a5-29efbf19de36


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzEtMy0xLTEtMA_a881d938-1a62-48cd-a4b6-2439c991cdc7


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzItMS0xLTEtMA_fdaa9cde-687e-4e8c-8086-5be7346228a1


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzItMy0xLTEtMA_18ba5003-f215-4e5c-9441-e38db2b13e74


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMjktMS0xLTEtNTAw_58bbee75-2f0d-42f3-a877-2dba496aaf1f


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMjktMy0xLTEtNTAw_a6951c95-c8e1-4e14-91be-a15255a72db9


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzMtMS0xLTEtMA_ca251b55-c7b0-4eaa-bb06-3ddb6bd73f1f
      unitRef=usd


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzMtMy0xLTEtMA_a707ae24-8851-4318-9966-ba2ab8004615
      unitRef=usd


      contextRef=i5983264b15e849ba880b258bad94c945_I20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzYtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmFmMDllZDA0MjkwMTRjYmU4YzZmZWYwMmU2OWVjNjA4XzE2NDkyNjc0NDE3ODM_0081ad09-ef05-47c2-ac1d-4db11c833809


      contextRef=ib11ebd4f3f5849889a6f64f739488cac_I20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzYtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmFmMDllZDA0MjkwMTRjYmU4YzZmZWYwMmU2OWVjNjA4XzE2NDkyNjc0NDE3ODM_3b5e9db5-d0ef-4e1b-a90f-4b2e2c902238


      contextRef=ib11ebd4f3f5849889a6f64f739488cac_I20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzYtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmFmMDllZDA0MjkwMTRjYmU4YzZmZWYwMmU2OWVjNjA4XzE2NDkyNjc0NDE3OTM_dbdca448-0051-44f3-844d-24ce5b39fb5e


      contextRef=i5983264b15e849ba880b258bad94c945_I20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzYtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmFmMDllZDA0MjkwMTRjYmU4YzZmZWYwMmU2OWVjNjA4XzE2NDkyNjc0NDE3OTM_e2c8ec88-0ce6-4a99-afab-730a93ac2142


      contextRef=i5983264b15e849ba880b258bad94c945_I20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzYtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmFmMDllZDA0MjkwMTRjYmU4YzZmZWYwMmU2OWVjNjA4XzE2NDkyNjc0NDE4MDA_5606cf2e-841e-4bfa-9986-b84fafdf6722


      contextRef=ib11ebd4f3f5849889a6f64f739488cac_I20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzYtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmFmMDllZDA0MjkwMTRjYmU4YzZmZWYwMmU2OWVjNjA4XzE2NDkyNjc0NDE4MDA_8f43ba0b-3474-467b-9ec4-1e3f9b084129


      contextRef=ib11ebd4f3f5849889a6f64f739488cac_I20201031
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzYtMS0xLTEtMA_aacb0005-2276-480a-bc60-0a3d4c6cfd85
      unitRef=usd


      contextRef=i5983264b15e849ba880b258bad94c945_I20191031
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzYtMy0xLTEtMA_d00ba795-bc7b-429d-a31f-1e716e5c699b
      unitRef=usd


      contextRef=ib702a7bcc6d24065ab09dc224c5b72af_I20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzMtMC0xLTEtNTMvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjo3MDA2YTJlOTk5OTc0OThjODk4NzViOGQ2YzNhYzU4YV8xNjQ5MjY3NDQxNzc4_0e68768e-4985-443b-9968-160114d454eb


      contextRef=i24c2d64fbb544cc0beea169833dc3177_I20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzMtMC0xLTEtNTMvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjo3MDA2YTJlOTk5OTc0OThjODk4NzViOGQ2YzNhYzU4YV8xNjQ5MjY3NDQxNzc4_49a26e65-d2ea-4dee-a2ad-a073473b03c0


      contextRef=ib702a7bcc6d24065ab09dc224c5b72af_I20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzMtMC0xLTEtNTMvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjo3MDA2YTJlOTk5OTc0OThjODk4NzViOGQ2YzNhYzU4YV8xNjQ5MjY3NDQxNzg2_1dbd2897-089b-4c48-adbb-cd170f4ded17


      contextRef=i24c2d64fbb544cc0beea169833dc3177_I20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzMtMC0xLTEtNTMvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjo3MDA2YTJlOTk5OTc0OThjODk4NzViOGQ2YzNhYzU4YV8xNjQ5MjY3NDQxNzg2_f74af7ef-5f75-4e34-b371-23a69f1e5315


      contextRef=ib702a7bcc6d24065ab09dc224c5b72af_I20201031
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzQtMS0xLTEtMTU5NA_1431e7f9-204c-4607-a91b-349f353c80b2
      unitRef=usd


      contextRef=i24c2d64fbb544cc0beea169833dc3177_I20191031
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzQtMy0xLTEtMTU5Ng_681b1884-5d31-4918-bcff-df9e1759064c
      unitRef=usd


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzctMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcyMjNmNmQxNzdlYTQxYjg5NTdlOWUwMjA4OWNjNDc4XzE2NDkyNjc0NDE4MDI_34b4bcdb-7618-4f0a-90c9-7f32b37a3308


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzctMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcyMjNmNmQxNzdlYTQxYjg5NTdlOWUwMjA4OWNjNDc4XzE2NDkyNjc0NDE4MDI_e6026ef7-3258-4924-b7b1-eb96ea966031


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzctMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcyMjNmNmQxNzdlYTQxYjg5NTdlOWUwMjA4OWNjNDc4XzE2NDkyNjc0NDE4MTY_3d87a518-7a76-4d46-8efd-9abc7a857f37


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzctMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcyMjNmNmQxNzdlYTQxYjg5NTdlOWUwMjA4OWNjNDc4XzE2NDkyNjc0NDE4MTY_c7d16b2f-5670-4ca3-bfe4-c304d66660f0


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzctMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcyMjNmNmQxNzdlYTQxYjg5NTdlOWUwMjA4OWNjNDc4XzE2NDkyNjc0NDE4NDM_6e1e8c0c-c4f8-4bc1-acc7-5122a9c09ee9


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzctMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcyMjNmNmQxNzdlYTQxYjg5NTdlOWUwMjA4OWNjNDc4XzE2NDkyNjc0NDE4NDM_f7f08ddb-950e-4c0a-bfaa-543863b4c791


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzctMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcyMjNmNmQxNzdlYTQxYjg5NTdlOWUwMjA4OWNjNDc4XzE2NDkyNjc0NDE5MDM_649e2409-1dce-417a-858f-63310b45c756


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzctMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjcyMjNmNmQxNzdlYTQxYjg5NTdlOWUwMjA4OWNjNDc4XzE2NDkyNjc0NDE5MDM_6f3015d6-92d4-4b2f-89cf-113af520b163


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzctMS0xLTEtMA_7ee027e5-7e13-46a1-85c0-31d98f8cdedc


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzctMy0xLTEtMA_a6b63181-d70e-4f34-b3bc-3c0790aaeb3a


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzgtMS0xLTEtMA_c5061e6a-1d4f-48f5-ae94-ad0da1f950fc


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzgtMy0xLTEtMA_c8b7f401-e53d-490e-96b1-54c9a7cc99f9


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzktMS0xLTEtMA_b71e3b61-e315-4b0c-bf14-27c5137aa343


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfMzktMy0xLTEtMA_ab3401f9-aa37-4e08-9038-4b6a419e1690


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfNDAtMS0xLTEtMA_e92636cb-1d08-49df-b5dd-5dafe0ebe99e


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfNDAtMy0xLTEtMA_8083282c-cabc-49db-af0c-44bd90c8441b


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfNDEtMS0xLTEtMA_a5a14de4-85f5-4bb2-be08-5bb1d0fc991e


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV82NC9mcmFnOmY2NjUwOWUwYzMzMjRlNjlhN2VlMDRlNDRlNmZiMTlkL3RhYmxlOmU4M2E0OTE2MWNhMzRlNDM5NDUxMWRkYjk0ZDBlMGNlL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZTgzYTQ5MTYxY2EzNGU0Mzk0NTExZGRiOTRkMGUwY2VfNDEtMy0xLTEtMA_51f6002c-eb12-4f10-83ea-44398841f0a9


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMy0xLTEtMS0w_8e8c98bc-e841-4f30-8474-8a97807e5802


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMy0zLTEtMS0w_202cd3d1-803a-4781-98ad-ca0fb12ba89e


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMy01LTEtMS0w_6dac7441-ae68-4a62-a38a-80dbf094b268


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfNS0xLTEtMS0w_4352f4bb-4051-4569-a69c-ac1d2a051eb2


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfNS0zLTEtMS0w_d7170546-825e-4c32-a4c0-0b3f03f4fc59


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfNS01LTEtMS0w_5190e798-163a-43ba-a6c3-01103f657c03


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfNi0xLTEtMS0w_f8643ab0-9979-4404-8be6-c092314214b7


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfNi0zLTEtMS0w_395fac29-20e6-4a40-bd80-62144cf217fa


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfNi01LTEtMS0w_cc3535a6-6a68-4d67-826f-eafe7803d66a


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfNy0xLTEtMS0w_50108e90-a979-47c6-bffd-15e794d41662


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfNy0zLTEtMS0w_82879404-5a0c-46f5-a662-77f9afeacb5b


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfNy01LTEtMS0w_30a23d39-3e36-4723-a5c2-93235209209d


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfOC0xLTEtMS0w_8206f20f-dda7-410d-ac0a-679cb4bd0f84


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfOC0zLTEtMS0w_9289f5a5-c175-4d95-a3a0-7508358da98b


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfOC01LTEtMS0w_8941b008-eb61-4ea6-8c23-c192d296dfd6


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfOS0xLTEtMS0w_18dbd19f-0f82-4d89-ab91-19f6aebbe491


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfOS0zLTEtMS0w_8ac10478-5b59-4134-a4f0-b3cce67a58ee


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfOS01LTEtMS0w_c65fbc62-3c1c-4df5-9e53-00da31e8aba6


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTEtMS0xLTEtMA_eb6d79d1-3779-4d72-ae2f-9c745e5a5527


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTEtMy0xLTEtMA_eab3dc2f-be2c-46e2-831a-6fd5fa517f1a


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTEtNS0xLTEtMA_bfc3d715-a18d-4ac9-8307-8a0a9f247317


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTItMS0xLTEtMA_5b99b49d-fdc2-4b71-81ca-6a703af84d3f


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTItMy0xLTEtMA_0af296da-0ab9-4270-b562-a4c5f9da6e25


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTItNS0xLTEtMA_43b6ccf9-9830-47bc-a99b-b723b5e82bd7


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTMtMS0xLTEtMA_9ba50104-0bfa-41bd-8ea2-31b3e8cf38f5


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTMtMy0xLTEtMA_3e5eb14e-8b81-4ffe-82a6-ac3ee8305df5


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTMtNS0xLTEtMA_84a9fcda-b47a-47a9-a1f9-b56a21d24abf


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTQtMS0xLTEtMA_ed602285-c040-4e27-9fcf-79e87e0fbd6d


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTQtMy0xLTEtMA_198b3774-ce69-4580-95ca-9b77c95c1035


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTQtNS0xLTEtMA_40554e81-201d-4367-86b1-2737da03c4d4


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTUtMS0xLTEtMA_42170352-d43b-40e6-8c85-ec588bd75b43


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTUtMy0xLTEtMA_b9a9f5b5-f30a-44fb-997b-4b53781284f7


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTUtNS0xLTEtMA_f0d5301f-4dc2-48c0-b73b-bad8c06ace58


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTYtMS0xLTEtMA_815bed3f-7344-429c-a660-6da817dbbcf6


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTYtMy0xLTEtMA_fb3c9637-a629-42b9-9810-0f7b410fe59f


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTYtNS0xLTEtMA_ee5452b2-60c7-4177-9aaa-7954443bdad3


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTctMS0xLTEtMA_41b3cc65-6862-4505-9000-42322f9f49f7


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTctMy0xLTEtMA_9a2b9899-2138-4519-b797-1da3e86f9bb3


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTctNS0xLTEtMA_2f7a5630-4743-46e9-95e5-cb5f0f121e03


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTktMS0xLTEtMA_dcce6a11-3a7b-4e75-a3d3-c3d628a97937


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTktMy0xLTEtMA_6b890a80-b432-470b-b65e-448f06dcd546


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMTktNS0xLTEtMA_586cfd63-7add-4e82-b1a0-f0761c02e6e4


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMjAtMS0xLTEtMA_8c7c4ea9-c432-4738-b9f5-9e6d44546e47


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMjAtMy0xLTEtMA_5407b360-3e7a-43fc-96da-cdd64b574474


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMjAtNS0xLTEtMA_cf33ebe8-57a3-48a3-9dde-82b95eeee6f7


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMjEtMS0xLTEtMA_cd33edb7-e4fc-4ff7-a056-dc0d80ff8146


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMjEtMy0xLTEtMA_69e09df1-b07d-4f23-adf6-654af27f085f


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83MC9mcmFnOjE5ZjAzYzUwYWFhYTQ2YjZhZjNkNTcyNzlhYjdhZDY5L3RhYmxlOmI2MTkxYmE0NjdmNjQ5Mzc5MDMzZjRiYTZkOWQyYzBmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6YjYxOTFiYTQ2N2Y2NDkzNzkwMzNmNGJhNmQ5ZDJjMGZfMjEtNS0xLTEtMA_d54d334b-fca2-435d-a2ac-9af3fccb9775


      contextRef=ib9795cbf80be4eccb739f3c4c40c41de_I20171031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMy0xLTEtMS0w_ada00800-4be5-4328-99f2-a533499e6b97


      contextRef=ib9795cbf80be4eccb739f3c4c40c41de_I20171031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMy0zLTEtMS0w_04419a58-efde-41ff-aba9-04b9ac86074b


      contextRef=i2dc10800e7fc4916ab5a4e3ed4b7bcc1_I20171031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMy01LTEtMS0w_2f0001ef-fe94-4d31-a764-7bb1a5e956c9


      contextRef=i733c9f3d99d7421e9f1c2f18d40ebd3c_I20171031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMy03LTEtMS0w_16d18bfb-cb4d-4a0c-997f-2359b05bafc4


      contextRef=ic60b703661bc44d2a2f050b9e1431cb1_I20171031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMy05LTEtMS0w_3c27a2ec-555a-4397-98d4-b0a490885070


      contextRef=i7c513afe3c444994a1d67c2057156be0_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNC03LTEtMS0w_74ec3a73-9b89-47be-be28-072b3e49e324


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNC05LTEtMS0w_cdbf19fc-4a44-4612-b065-72778c2d128d


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNS0wLTEtMS0wL3RleHRyZWdpb246ODcxNTFiNzdiNDA0NGNhOTgzM2U5YWZmNTQ4YTlhODRfMTY0OTI2NzQ0MTcwNQ_d54d334b-fca2-435d-a2ac-9af3fccb9775


      contextRef=i7c513afe3c444994a1d67c2057156be0_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNS03LTEtMS0w_cda2da00-0605-4c72-909d-243d60973c84


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNS05LTEtMS0w_14de48f6-fded-491d-b657-d000ee9e0e50


      contextRef=iff2b586d238542f582b56d9d835ffaa4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNi0xLTEtMS01Mzk_5f01bf72-2a7b-46c6-9206-761cab88d1cd


      contextRef=iff2b586d238542f582b56d9d835ffaa4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNi0zLTEtMS01Mzk_81b2fbd3-f21c-4a35-b8ab-fa681ca23aea


      contextRef=i1f425e4b566d4c9b9382e5e21fa3102a_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNi01LTEtMS01Mzk_710dc20b-6a64-46d9-943e-d494e96d76d3


      contextRef=i7c513afe3c444994a1d67c2057156be0_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNi03LTEtMS01Mzk_9d359627-14b6-4d17-bf27-3e0c2757dfb4


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNi05LTEtMS01Mzk_0cb261f9-0cd6-45a4-8043-6406d578d0ba


      contextRef=iff2b586d238542f582b56d9d835ffaa4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNi0xLTEtMS0w_ace96e87-e7ff-4ba3-89af-51d5f8796152


      contextRef=iff2b586d238542f582b56d9d835ffaa4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNi0zLTEtMS0w_68215739-60d8-4639-85b6-6d822c857bfb


      contextRef=i1f425e4b566d4c9b9382e5e21fa3102a_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNi01LTEtMS0w_136fa2f6-8857-489d-aa70-e02ad3d52b72


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNi05LTEtMS0w_fa49832d-e132-4d03-8abe-58791e3b1d0f


      contextRef=i1f425e4b566d4c9b9382e5e21fa3102a_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNy01LTEtMS0w_83511bb9-8fad-4c22-a675-59c3eaf359eb


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfNy05LTEtMS0w_001a90cd-fc53-4eb0-b926-147773ea94c4


      contextRef=ib37864ce790243b48419d9633d8d4059_I20181031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfOC0xLTEtMS0w_ffac45a6-3fcb-4e5c-ae97-cfbd81ba1099


      contextRef=ib37864ce790243b48419d9633d8d4059_I20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfOC0zLTEtMS0w_f42ff166-0479-48af-b2c8-29b0a99c7734


      contextRef=i93fd0c9f02334032939b09f040ec19d1_I20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfOC01LTEtMS0w_9bc731ca-1e08-47cc-b25e-be898c89489f


      contextRef=i922d647d4a53432b8dfced3a4f4e65b4_I20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfOC03LTEtMS0w_f2569c85-6f24-425a-b1e4-2deb8efe21c9


      contextRef=ieb65bb29056a42a19c28de47fd310d96_I20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfOC05LTEtMS0w_55ee6e86-a8e4-49a1-8959-489d3e86d1ab


      contextRef=i8d5778fea7714ae395dceea346cfb3d9_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfOS03LTEtMS0w_f50ee8d7-aa4f-4499-b6ae-858fa6403c0d


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfOS05LTEtMS0w_091d24e0-1fff-4386-ac36-2d9a6d3e5feb


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTAtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQwNTA5OTdmMDkyZTQzM2Q4ODk5ZTdiZmRlNmZjMWUzXzE2NDkyNjc0NDE3MDU_69e09df1-b07d-4f23-adf6-654af27f085f


      contextRef=i8d5778fea7714ae395dceea346cfb3d9_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTAtNy0xLTEtMA_f685df76-d36b-4a63-aeb2-7af31cae8cc7


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTAtOS0xLTEtMA_59f14fc8-958a-4ee3-895a-92fc3fbf840c


      contextRef=ie96d8e1f6b7345b7a8e6644275e3f88e_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTItMS0xLTEtMA_046cb0d5-6c93-4b3a-9264-42752978485c


      contextRef=ie96d8e1f6b7345b7a8e6644275e3f88e_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTItMy0xLTEtMA_1b6a680f-b52a-4e3a-adf5-05f63a7fffcd


      contextRef=iecd06123ecf44fa9b058b1b279e5bb02_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTItNS0xLTEtMA_0fbc0d74-bb8d-4147-8380-5da7f8251f23


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTItOS0xLTEtMA_a9e87804-fb5b-4a49-8216-be15d0ebb369


      contextRef=iecd06123ecf44fa9b058b1b279e5bb02_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTMtNS0xLTEtMA_cde631fa-b4de-40c0-bcdc-a9d6dbeafae8


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTMtOS0xLTEtMA_25dae055-7ec7-4090-a6eb-db48262884b4


      contextRef=i112feca66b6c4a429bf54cb73aed0187_I20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTQtMS0xLTEtMA_19f0b9fd-7696-42aa-a61d-83203c8a04c1


      contextRef=i112feca66b6c4a429bf54cb73aed0187_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTQtMy0xLTEtMA_1b9790d1-d840-4c2f-8055-dfb4f41feedf


      contextRef=idb2ccb1c3d75438d8cdc983bc2289156_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTQtNS0xLTEtMA_59176906-968d-425b-8638-acbf0b834823


      contextRef=i541b597eb1494b9b95e5c551eb51734f_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTQtNy0xLTEtMA_e0120e61-d3fa-4bdb-a0a0-ad8a80102915


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTQtOS0xLTEtMA_340c76ef-541c-436f-9f41-379f97cb4869


      contextRef=ib91c425dff6c4c62bccefe149bed6567_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTUtNy0xLTEtMA_d8c56722-16d6-4a0e-8cd3-3c5e945c6c34


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTUtOS0xLTEtMA_845af7cf-22b6-4b0c-8840-f9a9e8e925e4


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTYtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjliMTMxZjQ1NjVhMzQyNTA5ZjhhMzNiMjA4NDhmOTAxXzE2NDkyNjc0NDE3MDU_cd33edb7-e4fc-4ff7-a056-dc0d80ff8146


      contextRef=ib91c425dff6c4c62bccefe149bed6567_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTYtNy0xLTEtMA_5f603a53-dcc4-4b46-bb25-ae9130e164ab


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTYtOS0xLTEtMA_e1affe45-0f47-408e-892b-dc0407452937


      contextRef=i62ca8e0905d041ffadda31820e82c2d0_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTctMS0xLTEtMA_d9aba125-9820-4c90-a60a-df0b4bb423a3


      contextRef=i62ca8e0905d041ffadda31820e82c2d0_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTctMy0xLTEtMA_b2910c76-4474-4502-b4c6-a7858d6d7573


      contextRef=i452f6bdc5e4448cabeec00911593c3a7_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTctNS0xLTEtMA_8e1eee6d-d74d-4cd0-bbf5-ccb204bc28a0


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTctOS0xLTEtMA_16414c29-08f9-4508-a818-f941dcecd345


      contextRef=i452f6bdc5e4448cabeec00911593c3a7_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTgtNS0xLTEtMA_ac631e3a-8937-43b0-aac6-fe1652c2de86


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTgtOS0xLTEtMA_25d3f6f2-80c0-48a3-bbc2-079361c5f714


      contextRef=i95900fc2a1bc4a979c38f1393d9cf071_I20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTktMS0xLTEtMA_2ab7e77f-8d86-49b0-b2c7-3aea79934fb6


      contextRef=i95900fc2a1bc4a979c38f1393d9cf071_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTktMy0xLTEtMA_5b5c8629-b43b-4074-9ab0-320e6e4465a4


      contextRef=ie9ab76916a114e128f4c49f823564cfa_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTktNS0xLTEtMA_ebc8703a-e515-4da8-a48d-ed6289b761fb


      contextRef=ie6ea3301897e4a32af38b72a77d43932_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTktNy0xLTEtMA_8c17ab4a-b4e7-4df9-92fa-221697b1adc7


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83My9mcmFnOjI0MjI4MWMwYmZiYzRhNThhZDQxNGY5MmZkMzNmNmVkL3RhYmxlOmRjYjJhNDZhMGRiODQwM2I5ZDFkODA2YWRkYzUxYjhmL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZGNiMmE0NmEwZGI4NDAzYjlkMWQ4MDZhZGRjNTFiOGZfMTktOS0xLTEtMA_d4b3c79c-0bb4-4426-b2cf-f6d82d9ab641


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNC0xLTEtMS0w_fe2eb712-9fa5-4b5d-b3b9-48f2a0d25ae3


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNC0zLTEtMS0w_972bc240-0efa-440a-9516-34767d462b57


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNC01LTEtMS0w_bd9bfc04-c73b-4bc5-bf38-89e0c1def6ee


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNi0xLTEtMS0w_f0d79cde-5c1f-4456-80ad-11d40aa76bb6


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNi0zLTEtMS0w_075dd396-915c-4641-9b39-a28eddf227c2


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNi01LTEtMS0w_39b7e7ea-e6f0-4c48-a4e2-d592016c6717


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNy0xLTEtMS0w_948dbab0-8630-4d24-a4db-6700532d6677


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNy0zLTEtMS0w_bf21f72b-4a25-4c00-b19b-19fc7dab1e6d


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNy01LTEtMS0w_e56b3355-0a6c-43e3-b3cc-0e522f3a0bf1


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfOC0xLTEtMS0w_0fcb0798-1804-44df-814e-f0edbe897bae


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfOC0zLTEtMS0w_6550864d-6286-4d73-b571-8efa89e750f7


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfOC01LTEtMS0w_de90f6f5-cf43-4243-b8ab-95d4b97ea9a8


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfOS0xLTEtMS0w_00ea9143-dcd4-4dc0-85e8-a52e2babc36b


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfOS0zLTEtMS0w_e1060261-f35b-453f-828d-2aeae554ff33


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfOS01LTEtMS0w_0eda1fee-702f-4a23-afbe-d8a54d6d96ff


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTAtMS0xLTEtMA_e7a67859-d8db-4a36-8ef4-67da597cfdcf


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTAtMy0xLTEtMA_641047d5-f776-440d-86aa-89194bf363a2


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTAtNS0xLTEtMA_be942631-6832-472c-84b5-fea176675c7d


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTEtMS0xLTEtMA_d58f0343-c730-45db-9f7b-c93521534b77


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTEtMy0xLTEtMA_acdb7234-4ab4-40a4-a818-27e779c5ff79


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTEtNS0xLTEtMA_5114aead-aaf4-4fa9-99a8-25e5741d3ee4


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTMtMS0xLTEtMA_6ed23236-39f3-42fc-bd8c-11432caafcc9


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTMtMy0xLTEtMA_4eb4b2e1-3bfa-43f9-ac52-55b048fb1e36


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTMtNS0xLTEtMA_39bf11b4-4b55-42a5-883a-bd0ad94ae623


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTQtMS0xLTEtMA_3564098a-f0af-4881-a720-abb12b0a9f48


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTQtMy0xLTEtMA_2eef899c-4820-423c-980d-0fb05cc0342d


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTQtNS0xLTEtMA_18bf33c3-e1b0-4917-9eec-9436af61f8d0


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTUtMS0xLTEtMA_53865f73-82ab-419e-912a-b01a6490b06f


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTUtMy0xLTEtMA_eef2e884-beb4-4715-996b-841ffbbe662f


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTUtNS0xLTEtMA_aa8e0f0a-22a3-457a-9229-f63b1a3e11b4


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTYtMS0xLTEtMA_5ce4ae72-aee8-4d9d-973a-940e2bf81438


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTYtMy0xLTEtMA_243e90de-ceb4-4a9a-b902-f6d8cd4fc833


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTYtNS0xLTEtMA_3817ff8a-1397-4468-8c62-d31bf2162548


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTctMS0xLTEtMA_1a5c204f-6856-40a2-b3ef-f72fd14667a0


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTctMy0xLTEtMA_68153fa8-938a-4c09-8e90-2f984125c2c7


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTctNS0xLTEtMA_5a1fb7f5-0e78-4e10-8905-836f62aea572


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTgtMS0xLTEtNTUx_c473b401-f0d8-4b72-8bad-e49e1ad558de


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTgtMy0xLTEtNTUx_f1328680-de46-43e8-9660-de7bbed9d4d4


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTgtNS0xLTEtNTUx_f3fdab5e-138a-41ad-b90a-b0b8039b2262


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTktMS0xLTEtNTUx_d263c44f-0be2-4401-a81c-a96891794077


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTktMy0xLTEtNTUx_1f73a08b-6afe-4ce6-b886-260cc4ef6338


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTktNS0xLTEtNTUx_c456784c-7df4-4972-9bb9-b7e2c80dddc0


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTgtMS0xLTEtMA_ba59a76f-1b06-4c3b-873c-2c0295926cd1


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTgtMy0xLTEtMA_77bf3909-d9b5-4a8b-af62-2dc97b3eb9b0


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTgtNS0xLTEtMA_1af1ebbf-4d1e-4eb8-b544-e3b3c77cbe60


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTktMS0xLTEtMA_07785532-93fd-4411-b056-3b9742c80c64


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTktMy0xLTEtMA_41d9cea8-3aae-477e-836e-f5b5b978e8a7


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMTktNS0xLTEtMA_b175cc97-003f-464d-84a1-6e972ad992c0


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjAtMS0xLTEtMA_aa54bba4-5789-42aa-8f92-7f40bb2c9da1


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjAtMy0xLTEtMA_6cf1210e-5abe-4c6b-b35c-efbd363d6f34


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjAtNS0xLTEtMA_31cf4c6b-a7db-403d-af87-66cd2997206c


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjEtMS0xLTEtMA_6bd9b145-850d-451d-859a-8f4e25de0283


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjEtMy0xLTEtMA_5f9c8f1b-2659-4979-b1bb-8de58a9e85a9


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjEtNS0xLTEtMA_6374c4d3-4db2-4f2d-861e-260cd0f71ede


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjMtMS0xLTEtMA_f0cc4c5a-e02e-414d-903c-9aafd0aeffad


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjMtMy0xLTEtMA_c15eb241-3d05-44da-9bdb-97a556f0d969


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjMtNS0xLTEtMA_e4f73f64-c12e-4a85-9a79-9709e2014e88


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjQtMS0xLTEtMA_8a7f3d30-7125-40ef-82b0-1738750a8ca4


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjQtMy0xLTEtMA_79f3cb2b-5b46-44de-80c5-3fbe8b75360f


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjQtNS0xLTEtMA_30ad5668-dcb4-4a62-9fbd-5f38bf984605


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjUtMS0xLTEtMA_49c1fef4-696e-4bb1-8122-7f6546732513


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjUtMy0xLTEtMA_e4c3c7af-2f49-497b-b094-94416b830934


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjUtNS0xLTEtMA_ea4fcb37-9e91-434b-bdfc-b34b4b229c0b


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjctMS0xLTEtMA_0f381a1e-49cb-4e98-97d4-f5fa340a9678


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjctMy0xLTEtMA_204ebcd7-aa82-44f9-b2c5-151d47978326


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjctNS0xLTEtMA_e3f630d9-77ea-483d-9312-8a9e0132a357


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjgtMS0xLTEtMA_cbfd6747-2404-4362-990c-cfe047c9e35b


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjgtMy0xLTEtMA_9ca00a03-75d3-490d-968e-08fcf478f956


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMjgtNS0xLTEtMA_2d9171a0-f552-4322-9a1c-6bd8755d53f6


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzEtMS0xLTEtMA_edb23273-5fc9-423a-9f4a-2525d1648da8


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzEtMy0xLTEtMA_8f13e824-c162-46b7-aeea-9e6c3bf835cb


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzEtNS0xLTEtMA_12a16198-2a4b-4327-8be4-7a6fcfe280ec


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzItMS0xLTEtMA_fd3fc897-945a-47d4-92f9-128efc74aa5d


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzItMy0xLTEtMA_f58fd01f-43cb-453a-b7b3-d4b4540618e5


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzItNS0xLTEtMA_36ed7147-78ec-4a50-87e1-d753949f73aa


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzMtMS0xLTEtMA_10709102-148a-4c4e-ae19-53d70a310408


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzMtMy0xLTEtMA_ac0e93b8-23d9-4977-93c4-843de2029641


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzMtNS0xLTEtMA_fb1861cc-ba5c-4987-86e3-24dbe8cdc90c


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzQtMS0xLTEtMA_5c6a7419-fd36-4526-b974-4a9871e7c4d3


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzQtMy0xLTEtMA_678b3966-2002-4d4e-aab8-00c9a6d914ea


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzQtNS0xLTEtMA_127231c6-a088-4ae7-9cb0-cc62fc19a625


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzUtMS0xLTEtMA_4f756fb3-100f-4520-a19c-4643cceac19d


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzUtMy0xLTEtMA_606ece34-602e-4fb8-ad5b-54ee4a17985f


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzUtNS0xLTEtMA_9d8dc8ac-6175-4272-9415-ac93d25a1202


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzYtMS0xLTEtMA_c0fd6ffe-6177-4a6b-8e0f-9b7d23e2bbeb


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzYtMy0xLTEtMA_7021bdee-440b-4b35-96d2-7b1d47c7060d


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzYtNS0xLTEtMA_2d416b0c-de6d-44d5-8ff7-c090bfe756b8


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzctMS0xLTEtMA_1e8c1c14-76cf-41c7-88ea-91b8c833cd91


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzctMy0xLTEtMA_aee0cc65-8136-488b-a8c2-73169ddb7ff8


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzctNS0xLTEtMA_4d3920d7-d2f8-4e29-8bbb-51c482af4116


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzgtMS0xLTEtMA_89adb747-366b-4674-9516-ae7741520df6


      contextRef=ieb65bb29056a42a19c28de47fd310d96_I20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzgtMy0xLTEtMA_9ae8df5b-7116-44ad-8a50-f50f839fc980


      contextRef=ic60b703661bc44d2a2f050b9e1431cb1_I20171031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzgtNS0xLTEtMA_f198257a-eee6-4508-8918-30d43d7879fc


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzktMS0xLTEtMA_18bd40fa-4591-46b7-85e0-752e90e19f7c


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzktMy0xLTEtMA_aded9d2f-0376-4586-b98d-f434c97f5e94


      contextRef=ieb65bb29056a42a19c28de47fd310d96_I20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfMzktNS0xLTEtMA_92669b84-55b6-4bb8-9365-9b8fb8751982


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNDEtMS0xLTEtMA_91b955a5-8e3f-442f-921b-02d3b6f3d297


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNDEtMy0xLTEtMA_0e9b0f13-39d6-46f8-bab7-5841bb320db7


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNDEtNS0xLTEtMA_f668b29d-f66d-428e-9388-d68a3aeeb893


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNDItMS0xLTEtMA_de95b743-716d-40b6-b7b6-acd3413f8469


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNDItMy0xLTEtMA_d007a94b-181a-4115-acf3-77fee84f5a1c


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNDItNS0xLTEtMA_3439f8c1-e39e-4f28-8492-a97b6e9d10eb


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNDQtMS0xLTEtMA_e9ef82f5-f87f-4c77-8dce-7281321b8c75


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNDQtMy0xLTEtMA_4daa00b6-2452-4402-9219-6c3f66358eb1


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV83OS9mcmFnOmU3MDUzNDFiNTU1MzQ2ZGY5N2VlOWYwOGIxNDAyMTIzL3RhYmxlOjQxYjM0NTg2Y2MzODQzMzBhZTM5OWQyYjZlYWY1MTY4L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6NDFiMzQ1ODZjYzM4NDMzMGFlMzk5ZDJiNmVhZjUxNjhfNDQtNS0xLTEtMA_4eafee59-0f33-4cdb-a6f3-e6ab84241fe5


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and other prepared chicken items. The Company&#x2019;s net sales and cost of sales are significantly affected by market price fluctuations of its principal products sold and of its principal feed ingredients

 distributors and casual dining operators primarily in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States. Management periodically performs credit evaluations of its customers&#x2019; financial condition and generally does not require collateral. The Company recognizes revenue in connection with a contract in which the Company has agreed to sell
 and a customer has agreed to purchase
 specific quantities of product at agreed-upon prices and when the Company's performance obligation related to that contract has been satisfied. In the majority of its contracts with customers
 the Company's performance obligation is satisfied when delivery of the product has occurred
 either at the customer's facility or the Company's facility
 depending on the terms of each contract. In a small number of contracts
 ownership of the product passes from the Company to the customer at some point during transit
 at which time the performance obligation is satisfied and revenue is recognized. Gross revenue and related receivables are recognized based on the transaction price within the contract and are reduced by estimated or known amounts for items such as rebates
 discounts
 cooperative advertising allowances and other various items to arrive at net revenue. During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 these reductions to revenue totaled approximately $59.6&#160;million
 $66.5&#160;million and $79.2&#160;million
 respectively. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The cost incurred for shipping and handling activities to deliver the product to the customer is recognized in cost of sales during the period in which the corresponding revenue is recognized. Where shipping and handling activities occur after the customer has obtained control of the product
 the Company has elected to account for those expenses as fulfillment costs in cost of sales
 rather than an additional promised service. This accounting treatment is the same as the accounting treatment prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company has
 prior to the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 accounted for freight one of two ways. First
 when the Company's agreement with its customer did not authorize the Company to invoice the customer separately for freight
 the Company attempted to negotiate a higher price
 and paid freight costs associated with the sale. In these instances
 that cost was booked as an expense in cost of sales. In some instances
 the Company's agreements with its customers authorize the Company to invoice the customer for freight costs separately on its invoice to the customer. Under these arrangements
 the Company has previously accounted for freight by recognizing revenue net of the freight costs. Subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 both arrangements are accounted for in the same manner. That is
 in both instances
 revenue is reported gross of any freight charge
 and all freight costs are accounted for as cost of sales. Because we adopted ASU 2014-09 using the modified-retrospective transition method
 we did not restate prior-period financial statements
 and the separately-invoiced freight costs from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to cost of sales. During fiscal 2020 and 2019
 we recognized revenue of approximately $20.4&#160;million and $24.9&#160;million
 respectively
 related to those freight charges
 as compared to approximately $20.0&#160;million recognized as a reduction to cost of sales during fiscal 2018.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Due to the nature of our contracts
 commissions associated with such contracts provide only a short-term benefit (i.e. less than one year); therefore
 with our adoption of ASU 2014-09
 we recognize costs of commissions paid to third-party brokers as selling
 general and administrative expenses effective as of November 1
 2018. Prior to our adoption of ASU 2014-09
 those commissions were recognized as a reduction of revenue. Because we transitioned using the modified-retrospective method
 we did not restate prior-period financial statements
 and those commissions from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to revenue. During fiscal 2020 and 2019
 we recognized approximately $12.9&#160;million and $10.9&#160;million
 respectively
 in commissions as selling
 general and administrative expenses
 as compared to approximately $11.0&#160;million recognized as a reduction to revenue during fiscal 2018. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Two customers each accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31
 2020. Sales to those customers accounted for 14.9% and 12.7%
 respectively
 of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2020. Sales to the same two customers accounted for 15.8% and 11.8%
 respectively
 of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2019 and 14.3% and 10.5%
 respectively
 of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2018.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Sales of offal are considered by-products; accordingly
 these amounts reduce cost of sales and totaled $24.8 million
 $31.1 million and $34.4 million in fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company sells certain of its products either directly to foreign markets or to U.S. based customers who resell the product in foreign markets. These foreign markets for fiscal 2020 were primarily Mexico
 China and Cuba
 and for fiscal 2019 and 2018 were primarily Mexico
 Cuba
 Central Asia and the Middle East. These export sales for fiscal years 2020
 2019 and 2018 totaled approximately $308.9 million
 $284.5 million and $215.8 million

 the Company extends credit to its customers on a short-term basis
 generally less than twenty-one days. Although credit risks associated with our customers are considered minimal
 the Company routinely reviews its accounts receivable balances and records provisions for probable doubtful accounts based on an individual assessment of a customer&#x2019;s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends
 including the aging of receivable balances. In circumstances where management is aware of a specific customer&#x2019;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. If circumstances change (i.e.
 higher than expected defaults or an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer&#x2019;s ability to meet its financial obligations to us)

 eggs
 medication and packaging supplies are stated at the lower of cost (average method) or net realizable value.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Live poultry inventories of broilers are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 and breeders at cost less accumulated amortization. The costs associated with breeders
 including breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower pay
 are accumulated up to the production stage and amortized over nine months using the straight-line method.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The costs associated with broiler inventories
 consisting principally of chicks
 feed
 and medicine
 are accumulated during the growing period. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age
 including estimates of payments to the independent contract producers who raise the chicks for us
 and then process and distribute those birds will be lower in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age
 including estimates of payments to the independent contract producers who raise the chicks for us
 and then process and distribute those birds will be higher in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company will make an adjustment to lower the value of live birds in inventory to the net realizable value. The significant judgments that management makes in order to assess the net realizable value of its broiler inventory include estimating future selling prices of finished products and the related cost of sales
 primarily feed costs
 to complete. The Company's live broiler inventories were recorded at cost at October 31
 2020
 because the estimated net realizable value for all broiler flocks in inventory was higher than the estimated cost to complete those live broiler inventories. The Company recorded a charge of $2.8&#160;million at October 31
 2019 to reduce the values of live broiler inventories on hand at those dates from cost to net realizable value. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt; Property
 plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation of property

 the Company estimates the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;its eventual disposal. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss
 based on the fair value of the assets

 2020 and October 31
 2019 are $21.5&#160;million and $20.6&#160;million

 general and administrative expenses and totaled $19.0 million
 $19.9 million and $38.9 million for fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018


 interest

 including grants of restricted stock and performance-based shares
 in the statement of operations based on their fair values. For performance-based shares

 warrants


 other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date through correlation with market data
 including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and quoted prices in markets that are not active. Level 2 also includes assets and liabilities that are valued using models or other pricing methodologies that do not require significant judgment since the input assumptions used in the models
 such as interest rates and volatility factors

 2020 and October 31
 2019

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance is intended to increase transparency and comparability among companies by requiring an entity that is a lessee to recognize on the balance sheet the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities arising from all leases with terms
 as defined by the guidance
 of greater than twelve months. The guidance also requires disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2020
 and we used the transition method that requires a cumulative-effect adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings during the period of adoption
 rather than restating prior-period financial statements; however no such cumulative-effect adjustment was required. This guidance also provides certain practical expedients
 including a practical expedient package during transition. We elected to use this package
 which allowed the Company to carry forward its determination of whether a lease exists
 the classification of a lease
 and whether initial direct lease costs exist for purposes of transition to the new standard. We did not utilize the hindsight practical expedient. As of October 31
 2020
 we recognized right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of approximately $40.8&#160;million
 primarily related to transportation equipment. Adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated statements of operations and cash flows. For further information regarding the Company's leases
 refer to Part II, Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 15 - Leases.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses

 and interim  periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2019

 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes
 which is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Accounting Standards Codification 740 and also clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. This guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2020
 our fiscal 2022. We are currently evaluating the impact of this new guidance on our consolidated financial statements. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;In March 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-04
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting
 which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to contract modifications and hedging relationships
 subject to meeting certain criteria
 that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. This options guidance
 which became effective on March 12
 2020
 and can be applied through December 31
 2022
 has not affected our consolidated financial statements. We have a revolving credit facility that references LIBOR
 and we are assessing how this standard may be applied to specific contract modifications through December 31


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031



      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and other prepared chicken items. The Company&#x2019;s net sales and cost of sales are significantly affected by market price fluctuations of its principal products sold and of its principal feed ingredients

 distributors and casual dining operators primarily in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States. Management periodically performs credit evaluations of its customers&#x2019; financial condition and generally does not require collateral. The Company recognizes revenue in connection with a contract in which the Company has agreed to sell
 and a customer has agreed to purchase
 specific quantities of product at agreed-upon prices and when the Company's performance obligation related to that contract has been satisfied. In the majority of its contracts with customers
 the Company's performance obligation is satisfied when delivery of the product has occurred
 either at the customer's facility or the Company's facility
 depending on the terms of each contract. In a small number of contracts
 ownership of the product passes from the Company to the customer at some point during transit
 at which time the performance obligation is satisfied and revenue is recognized. Gross revenue and related receivables are recognized based on the transaction price within the contract and are reduced by estimated or known amounts for items such as rebates
 discounts
 cooperative advertising allowances and other various items to arrive at net revenue. During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 these reductions to revenue totaled approximately $59.6&#160;million
 $66.5&#160;million and $79.2&#160;million
 respectively. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The cost incurred for shipping and handling activities to deliver the product to the customer is recognized in cost of sales during the period in which the corresponding revenue is recognized. Where shipping and handling activities occur after the customer has obtained control of the product
 the Company has elected to account for those expenses as fulfillment costs in cost of sales
 rather than an additional promised service. This accounting treatment is the same as the accounting treatment prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company has
 prior to the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 accounted for freight one of two ways. First
 when the Company's agreement with its customer did not authorize the Company to invoice the customer separately for freight
 the Company attempted to negotiate a higher price
 and paid freight costs associated with the sale. In these instances
 that cost was booked as an expense in cost of sales. In some instances
 the Company's agreements with its customers authorize the Company to invoice the customer for freight costs separately on its invoice to the customer. Under these arrangements
 the Company has previously accounted for freight by recognizing revenue net of the freight costs. Subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 both arrangements are accounted for in the same manner. That is
 in both instances
 revenue is reported gross of any freight charge
 and all freight costs are accounted for as cost of sales. Because we adopted ASU 2014-09 using the modified-retrospective transition method
 we did not restate prior-period financial statements
 and the separately-invoiced freight costs from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to cost of sales. During fiscal 2020 and 2019
 we recognized revenue of approximately $20.4&#160;million and $24.9&#160;million
 respectively
 related to those freight charges
 as compared to approximately $20.0&#160;million recognized as a reduction to cost of sales during fiscal 2018.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Due to the nature of our contracts
 commissions associated with such contracts provide only a short-term benefit (i.e. less than one year); therefore
 with our adoption of ASU 2014-09
 we recognize costs of commissions paid to third-party brokers as selling
 general and administrative expenses effective as of November 1
 2018. Prior to our adoption of ASU 2014-09
 those commissions were recognized as a reduction of revenue. Because we transitioned using the modified-retrospective method
 we did not restate prior-period financial statements
 and those commissions from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to revenue. During fiscal 2020 and 2019
 we recognized approximately $12.9&#160;million and $10.9&#160;million
 respectively
 in commissions as selling
 general and administrative expenses
 as compared to approximately $11.0&#160;million recognized as a reduction to revenue during fiscal 2018. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Two customers each accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31
 2020. Sales to those customers accounted for 14.9% and 12.7%
 respectively
 of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2020. Sales to the same two customers accounted for 15.8% and 11.8%
 respectively
 of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2019 and 14.3% and 10.5%
 respectively
 of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2018.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Sales of offal are considered by-products; accordingly
 these amounts reduce cost of sales and totaled $24.8 million
 $31.1 million and $34.4 million in fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company sells certain of its products either directly to foreign markets or to U.S. based customers who resell the product in foreign markets. These foreign markets for fiscal 2020 were primarily Mexico
 China and Cuba
 and for fiscal 2019 and 2018 were primarily Mexico
 Cuba
 Central Asia and the Middle East. These export sales for fiscal years 2020
 2019 and 2018 totaled approximately $308.9 million
 $284.5 million and $215.8 million


      contextRef=i88724a3358c3467d90ae3545642219e7_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfMjA0NA_8cb5f080-b4af-40d2-8fb7-5188a8d47462


      contextRef=i07c36109690c435f85662c356d3fe6ae_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfMjA0OA_a0ac16fd-5f79-4111-ba06-a24d31487468


      contextRef=i29c5a7d151e54d0ba266da2660f8f454_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfMjA1NQ_38ff6d9b-569f-4a9f-a7d1-59dc1d49d955


      contextRef=if86ef65223b34dab90f491a79e4affd9_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfMzg0ODI5MDcxOTk0Mw_210a12a8-424e-4bfb-a07a-1f2572fff16a


      contextRef=i66843b59410f47d7bcda296305522941_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfMzkwNw_e9d9af40-0eea-47e1-b523-44fa727641ff


      contextRef=ia9cedddc3e384585af0b8c0b6fdf3f2b_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfMzk3Mw_6c3f3750-4788-47d2-b62a-1c845fbc2284


      contextRef=ia5b91b09c1514fa68d1c4a1d8405de96_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfMzg0ODI5MDcxOTk1OA_8ec5535f-9d27-4fb4-90ff-6ac8cb72dac9


      contextRef=i1150938c21bd42e2ae3efa82d5977d5d_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfNDc3Mg_740b37d3-baeb-4a06-92b5-c8555afcff81


      contextRef=icbad57f6fc424f8a915c7046546334cb_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfNDg2OA_a66238a1-c5ca-4e34-b6c0-4fe784574c18


      contextRef=idd58b7226ac74d598d96e84581a9aa0d_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfNDkyOQ_2ca0fa71-bf3e-4587-83d5-a2cc57625652


      contextRef=i9db80868414047b58d2c30053d348f4a_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfNTA3Mw_d39ce0c8-7e14-42c2-907a-60ea4c7d8f3b


      contextRef=i9380a840a02d46a9a1ec3efb8f5e12de_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfNTA4MA_eca8b042-90ee-49ba-b74b-77ef61cc492c


      contextRef=ifa1109bc71bf42eb93ed83c99eaf95d4_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfMzg0ODI5MDczMjc4OQ_3886d390-bfa2-423d-88a8-31fc85dc061f


      contextRef=i590c49dbacd44c399e530964a7a4849c_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfNDk0NzgwMjM0NzY3MA_994bc4ce-ee79-460b-ad7a-050b9c79a5ff


      contextRef=icdb4005143924a84a067c75a5411ebfd_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfNDk0NzgwMjM0NzY3Nw_1bbc4a26-e78e-44b5-aaa0-1122972b4132


      contextRef=i14230c241fda4c45988816034f8061a6_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfNTMwMw_19944bee-35be-43a0-9590-d21b47dfb7e7


      contextRef=i1255bd56b1c741ba9323fa31325edad2_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfNTMxMA_e3ced1d5-f237-4fbe-a85f-1649a1c50224


      contextRef=i3634f295348b4e4ebdc9c8f1571dc6c2_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfNTY2Mg_eda3f5c9-e847-4572-995c-f8dcbf7e17ab


      contextRef=i126aec1548194c33b7ea043c38af9ab4_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfNTY2Ng_412e2e0e-92c4-4e42-ab3a-dc0a2794f794


      contextRef=i603f2f911e5147f7ba601672d8bf99f1_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfNTY3Mw_78064dd5-4b4a-48f3-8e27-5697b55c38bc


      contextRef=i2f8a89b232de4f17a15bae95dec94825_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfNjExOQ_2e188d1d-c704-4854-8c5f-905869ec5333


      contextRef=i58efefea620b4b55b42fd22bf9db0a7c_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfNjEyMw_1cc22136-79f2-4e42-977b-7b9888ac3b72


      contextRef=i25bfff74dc4f4478bf98be998baf5257_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfNjEzMA_b39695f8-d4cf-4fd1-a98e-6cb69701a5e8


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=i99957583a8fd4877bc99972aa8379c57_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 the Company extends credit to its customers on a short-term basis
 generally less than twenty-one days. Although credit risks associated with our customers are considered minimal
 the Company routinely reviews its accounts receivable balances and records provisions for probable doubtful accounts based on an individual assessment of a customer&#x2019;s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends
 including the aging of receivable balances. In circumstances where management is aware of a specific customer&#x2019;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. If circumstances change (i.e.
 higher than expected defaults or an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer&#x2019;s ability to meet its financial obligations to us)


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 eggs
 medication and packaging supplies are stated at the lower of cost (average method) or net realizable value.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Live poultry inventories of broilers are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 and breeders at cost less accumulated amortization. The costs associated with breeders
 including breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower pay
 are accumulated up to the production stage and amortized over nine months using the straight-line method.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;The costs associated with broiler inventories
 consisting principally of chicks
 feed
 and medicine
 are accumulated during the growing period. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age
 including estimates of payments to the independent contract producers who raise the chicks for us
 and then process and distribute those birds will be lower in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age
 including estimates of payments to the independent contract producers who raise the chicks for us
 and then process and distribute those birds will be higher in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company will make an adjustment to lower the value of live birds in inventory to the net realizable value. The significant judgments that management makes in order to assess the net realizable value of its broiler inventory include estimating future selling prices of finished products and the related cost of sales
 primarily feed costs
 to complete. The Company's live broiler inventories were recorded at cost at October 31
 2020
 because the estimated net realizable value for all broiler flocks in inventory was higher than the estimated cost to complete those live broiler inventories. The Company recorded a charge of $2.8&#160;million at October 31


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=if1834305414848e1820d6c06985f64d5_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfOTU1Nw_2442f921-762a-485c-a163-0959a957f059


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 Plant and Equipment: Property
 plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation of property


      contextRef=ib72809cea39a49f18dbd775e459ffec2_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=if869dfc2ce1042fcb2e74e3c5d803f69_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=i2211e1c1ff084ec793b8fa4280f229f4_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=i4dd7763811ff4e5b885bfd85bfb25201_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 the Company estimates the future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset and &lt;/span&gt;its eventual disposal. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss
 based on the fair value of the assets


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 2020 and October 31
 2019 are $21.5&#160;million and $20.6&#160;million


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfMTE2MjI_c27592d3-5a24-4f68-988b-5d185e80825d


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfMTE2Mjk_9065934d-161d-4e1b-9e99-674cc5961898


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 general and administrative expenses and totaled $19.0 million
 $19.9 million and $38.9 million for fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfMTE4MjM_7c940ffb-498c-4c0e-b2b2-00ac23e35f40


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfMTE4Mjc_4e7f1550-ecab-4d09-9d01-565659df4f69


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfMTE4MzQ_df59e8a9-60b8-405f-a78d-8a432c0c4b5d


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


 interest


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 including grants of restricted stock and performance-based shares
 in the statement of operations based on their fair values. For performance-based shares


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 warrants


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


 other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date through correlation with market data
 including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and quoted prices in markets that are not active. Level 2 also includes assets and liabilities that are valued using models or other pricing methodologies that do not require significant judgment since the input assumptions used in the models
 such as interest rates and volatility factors

 2020 and October 31
 2019


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance is intended to increase transparency and comparability among companies by requiring an entity that is a lessee to recognize on the balance sheet the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities arising from all leases with terms
 as defined by the guidance
 of greater than twelve months. The guidance also requires disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2020
 and we used the transition method that requires a cumulative-effect adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings during the period of adoption
 rather than restating prior-period financial statements; however no such cumulative-effect adjustment was required. This guidance also provides certain practical expedients
 including a practical expedient package during transition. We elected to use this package
 which allowed the Company to carry forward its determination of whether a lease exists
 the classification of a lease
 and whether initial direct lease costs exist for purposes of transition to the new standard. We did not utilize the hindsight practical expedient. As of October 31
 2020
 we recognized right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of approximately $40.8&#160;million
 primarily related to transportation equipment. Adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated statements of operations and cash flows. For further information regarding the Company's leases
 refer to Part II, Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 15 - Leases.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt;text-indent:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses

 and interim  periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2019

 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes
 which is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Accounting Standards Codification 740 and also clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. This guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2020
 our fiscal 2022. We are currently evaluating the impact of this new guidance on our consolidated financial statements. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;In March 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-04
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting
 which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to contract modifications and hedging relationships
 subject to meeting certain criteria
 that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. This options guidance
 which became effective on March 12
 2020
 and can be applied through December 31
 2022
 has not affected our consolidated financial statements. We have a revolving credit facility that references LIBOR
 and we are assessing how this standard may be applied to specific contract modifications through December 31


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfMTY0OTI2NzQ3NzIxOA_07c7b896-24af-44ea-b9aa-360c175a1704


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV84NS9mcmFnOjI0NTZkNDIxMWQ3YjQwMzliZmYxN2YyMDliZWFlNjhlL3RleHRyZWdpb246MjQ1NmQ0MjExZDdiNDAzOWJmZjE3ZjIwOWJlYWU2OGVfMTY0OTI2NzQ3NzIxOA_4fcde6cc-23a4-4453-b69b-628965306d31


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


408

137

158
320&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Fresh
 vacuum-sealed chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
200
343&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
310
157&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
139
386&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Fresh
 ice-packed chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;509
481&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;511
480&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;503

806&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;213
024&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;211

662&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;240
811&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;207

411&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;27
107&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;15

564

440

236


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


408

137

158
320&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Fresh
 vacuum-sealed chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
200
343&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
310
157&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
139
386&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Fresh
 ice-packed chicken&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;509
481&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;511
480&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;503

806&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;213
024&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;211

662&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;240
811&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;207

411&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;27
107&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;15

564

440

236


      contextRef=ic3c6fd1b7b2540aa8593547e238cc3d7_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfMS0xLTEtMS0w_78baf362-83ad-41da-914c-526644755c4e


      contextRef=i19bf6c9520f749649b7ed8b097b3acfa_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfMS0zLTEtMS0w_9ffe53dd-c542-445d-8cd8-7ae341867eff


      contextRef=i12fa2f89a28240f6b9da59cb88ab8a6f_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfMS01LTEtMS0w_c51c2eb8-71f6-42e6-b0ec-a73472fa1af9


      contextRef=i3b793606b6e346b0808425541a315486_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfMi0xLTEtMS0w_5d05f335-69d0-4886-b3fa-52c8198f61b8


      contextRef=ib05c9b5c71a34b19b1426c583a147f84_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfMi0zLTEtMS0w_b86a61cc-60d0-4445-80bd-0ef7e0b83e80


      contextRef=id11c7398e36247cbae01283439f321ae_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfMi01LTEtMS0w_48be99f6-efac-41cb-becd-1b3e485cccad


      contextRef=i094bbd880afa40a2b91e6de296540e9f_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfMy0xLTEtMS0w_bc7bd258-67af-4b86-af60-8720b65f92d3


      contextRef=i599dca12d97c4954845c1ba3f0725300_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfMy0zLTEtMS0w_383d0429-88a2-48ab-abe6-9b31bd20faff


      contextRef=i253d1f33c927481ba57e3edaf1d557f6_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfMy01LTEtMS0w_6881ccb9-8ba0-4761-9f30-37bdec01dbc4


      contextRef=i9a3667018fd043ac860adc29636cbd4a_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfNC0xLTEtMS0w_546bfd9b-1162-49b5-bd43-3dbaf2c16e5d


      contextRef=i09d0c9d4a547498db96dbae1ea166aee_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfNC0zLTEtMS0w_1aab3113-1080-4112-a104-63b9ee71b260


      contextRef=i2a71bc269fe44de2853afab4f1f44a61_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfNC01LTEtMS0w_457dca1d-995d-4407-8c62-1a391d0da02f


      contextRef=ie7a6ad92642e4d0097a6ff02bafea961_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfNS0xLTEtMS0w_7696d2a6-3f87-453d-bedc-3666d80c3bf6


      contextRef=i5674bb967f8d48cf8b4d1eb8fcdf17da_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfNS0zLTEtMS0w_40e2f76a-ca21-4d7e-932c-4f5c4675eb09


      contextRef=i38168dc9c3e54281aeec09407b43e004_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfNS01LTEtMS0w_3111ac80-6931-4f0a-9b4a-986fd88e4a3d


      contextRef=i613cd624447b481895730d59333890ab_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfNi0xLTEtMS0w_9593d68d-0fe4-4c13-984e-64c1ee9b37cf


      contextRef=i1ae9cbc6f6884d15ac55e6aa1ab91a65_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfNi0zLTEtMS0w_5268cafd-c0e4-4d5e-ad91-13644a6a5b6d


      contextRef=ib61123413caa4390a528ed4fc5875719_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfNi01LTEtMS0w_95dc4eb2-a6f5-47ff-9f1d-68a0b066b344


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfNy0xLTEtMS0w_1b4ad840-5eb4-4bc6-b2a2-eb930e44a76e


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfNy0zLTEtMS0w_bb43ce46-2a5e-4179-99d5-2113a6b8194f


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85MS9mcmFnOmZlZThhNWQ1OGY1NDRkNjA4MGYwOTYyMmNiOTY1ZWJjL3RhYmxlOjM2Mjg5ZmJkNDU0MjQ0YmNhMWYxZGQ2YmU4OWRjYzk5L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6MzYyODlmYmQ0NTQyNDRiY2ExZjFkZDZiZTg5ZGNjOTlfNy01LTEtMS0w_3461e1f6-1574-4809-b209-f416a62c419f


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031



870&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Feed
 eggs and other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;53
318&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;47

952&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;35

142&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20

582&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7




      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031



870&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Feed
 eggs and other&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;53
318&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;47

952&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;35

142&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20

582&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7




      contextRef=i6dc966e4044b4f3d9ce0aeece4082275_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85NC9mcmFnOjI3YjZmMTlhZThlNzQ5MjU5OTViNWYzYWUxODhhODkzL3RhYmxlOjgzZDQzNzAzZjlkNTRhNGE4ZWU2YmUzMGE1YWFiY2I0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODNkNDM3MDNmOWQ1NGE0YThlZTZiZTMwYTVhYWJjYjRfMy0xLTEtMS0w_b5a1782e-13f5-428a-acb1-e86a0ce48770


      contextRef=ibf886a7b427443cb9c99c59e79e65e71_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85NC9mcmFnOjI3YjZmMTlhZThlNzQ5MjU5OTViNWYzYWUxODhhODkzL3RhYmxlOjgzZDQzNzAzZjlkNTRhNGE4ZWU2YmUzMGE1YWFiY2I0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODNkNDM3MDNmOWQ1NGE0YThlZTZiZTMwYTVhYWJjYjRfMy0zLTEtMS0w_63750fea-c5ef-4938-b74b-4c6481b5bd8d


      contextRef=ib1ee83be853349e281e3ea4b4aff19c5_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85NC9mcmFnOjI3YjZmMTlhZThlNzQ5MjU5OTViNWYzYWUxODhhODkzL3RhYmxlOjgzZDQzNzAzZjlkNTRhNGE4ZWU2YmUzMGE1YWFiY2I0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODNkNDM3MDNmOWQ1NGE0YThlZTZiZTMwYTVhYWJjYjRfNC0xLTEtMS0w_3b7bac09-c450-4310-9939-d6f9d131ab11


      contextRef=i0e72b7f73591408da1b6649fe604fd63_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85NC9mcmFnOjI3YjZmMTlhZThlNzQ5MjU5OTViNWYzYWUxODhhODkzL3RhYmxlOjgzZDQzNzAzZjlkNTRhNGE4ZWU2YmUzMGE1YWFiY2I0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODNkNDM3MDNmOWQ1NGE0YThlZTZiZTMwYTVhYWJjYjRfNC0zLTEtMS0w_49670b22-5a23-4b49-a72f-09d7a6984762


      contextRef=i3f7483f1ecf543a594d30b7a9b883772_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85NC9mcmFnOjI3YjZmMTlhZThlNzQ5MjU5OTViNWYzYWUxODhhODkzL3RhYmxlOjgzZDQzNzAzZjlkNTRhNGE4ZWU2YmUzMGE1YWFiY2I0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODNkNDM3MDNmOWQ1NGE0YThlZTZiZTMwYTVhYWJjYjRfNS0xLTEtMS0w_ca32ee8f-5ffb-41c4-909f-59736bab3191


      contextRef=id0232aebb6f04a97ac31b98f77a8b8a2_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85NC9mcmFnOjI3YjZmMTlhZThlNzQ5MjU5OTViNWYzYWUxODhhODkzL3RhYmxlOjgzZDQzNzAzZjlkNTRhNGE4ZWU2YmUzMGE1YWFiY2I0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODNkNDM3MDNmOWQ1NGE0YThlZTZiZTMwYTVhYWJjYjRfNS0zLTEtMS0w_86986b38-2f4a-432c-8b17-29692f7a32b7


      contextRef=i676509feb60b4230a8681e5b068f6678_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85NC9mcmFnOjI3YjZmMTlhZThlNzQ5MjU5OTViNWYzYWUxODhhODkzL3RhYmxlOjgzZDQzNzAzZjlkNTRhNGE4ZWU2YmUzMGE1YWFiY2I0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODNkNDM3MDNmOWQ1NGE0YThlZTZiZTMwYTVhYWJjYjRfNi0xLTEtMS0w_336158bf-b016-42e2-bf92-4ba423c2a782


      contextRef=i4ae84c8bd7b04e4bba5a6fe596a60160_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85NC9mcmFnOjI3YjZmMTlhZThlNzQ5MjU5OTViNWYzYWUxODhhODkzL3RhYmxlOjgzZDQzNzAzZjlkNTRhNGE4ZWU2YmUzMGE1YWFiY2I0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODNkNDM3MDNmOWQ1NGE0YThlZTZiZTMwYTVhYWJjYjRfNi0zLTEtMS0w_41558706-9b69-4d34-a956-4035f47c890f


      contextRef=ic5a4986f35ce48ea9dc818dc799e8178_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85NC9mcmFnOjI3YjZmMTlhZThlNzQ5MjU5OTViNWYzYWUxODhhODkzL3RhYmxlOjgzZDQzNzAzZjlkNTRhNGE4ZWU2YmUzMGE1YWFiY2I0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODNkNDM3MDNmOWQ1NGE0YThlZTZiZTMwYTVhYWJjYjRfNy0xLTEtMS0w_a3d6c93a-8ff6-4c73-abbb-5842dc32c46d


      contextRef=i6567486673ff4f4fb558308058695755_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85NC9mcmFnOjI3YjZmMTlhZThlNzQ5MjU5OTViNWYzYWUxODhhODkzL3RhYmxlOjgzZDQzNzAzZjlkNTRhNGE4ZWU2YmUzMGE1YWFiY2I0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODNkNDM3MDNmOWQ1NGE0YThlZTZiZTMwYTVhYWJjYjRfNy0zLTEtMS0w_6f867c74-38d2-42d6-b450-048560f5689f


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85NC9mcmFnOjI3YjZmMTlhZThlNzQ5MjU5OTViNWYzYWUxODhhODkzL3RhYmxlOjgzZDQzNzAzZjlkNTRhNGE4ZWU2YmUzMGE1YWFiY2I0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODNkNDM3MDNmOWQ1NGE0YThlZTZiZTMwYTVhYWJjYjRfOC0xLTEtMS0w_be05d6cb-519c-43cc-bf88-ec0688ee58b7


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85NC9mcmFnOjI3YjZmMTlhZThlNzQ5MjU5OTViNWYzYWUxODhhODkzL3RhYmxlOjgzZDQzNzAzZjlkNTRhNGE4ZWU2YmUzMGE1YWFiY2I0L3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ODNkNDM3MDNmOWQ1NGE0YThlZTZiZTMwYTVhYWJjYjRfOC0zLTEtMS0w_927b00ab-ca2c-4e90-b264-8501515dbdc3


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 Plant and Equipment&lt;div style=margin-top:6pt;text-indent:24.75pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net
 consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;margin-top:6pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:72.692%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.637%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.639%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;October&#160;31



350
725&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
236

914&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11

299
313&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2
139

074
567)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(953
473)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 13pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Property
 plant and equipment

224

185


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 plant and equipment
 net
 consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;margin-top:6pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:72.692%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.637%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.639%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;October&#160;31



350
725&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
236

914&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11

299
313&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2
139

074
567)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(953
473)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 13pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Property
 plant and equipment

224

185


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xNjUzL2ZyYWc6YTZhZGI2OGM5MjMzNDMwMWJiZjExYTA4OWQ0ZTA5NTUvdGFibGU6M2IzZWFkMjkzMTAwNGNjYWI2YmZiNWJmMjIxNTVlOTgvdGFibGVyYW5nZTozYjNlYWQyOTMxMDA0Y2NhYjZiZmI1YmYyMjE1NWU5OF8yLTEtMS0xLTE3MDc_13a0dbb7-bd72-41a7-99b8-376507febbac


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xNjUzL2ZyYWc6YTZhZGI2OGM5MjMzNDMwMWJiZjExYTA4OWQ0ZTA5NTUvdGFibGU6M2IzZWFkMjkzMTAwNGNjYWI2YmZiNWJmMjIxNTVlOTgvdGFibGVyYW5nZTozYjNlYWQyOTMxMDA0Y2NhYjZiZmI1YmYyMjE1NWU5OF8yLTMtMS0xLTE3MDk_839ce74c-a03b-4a05-a909-ffba4826a714


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xNjUzL2ZyYWc6YTZhZGI2OGM5MjMzNDMwMWJiZjExYTA4OWQ0ZTA5NTUvdGFibGU6M2IzZWFkMjkzMTAwNGNjYWI2YmZiNWJmMjIxNTVlOTgvdGFibGVyYW5nZTozYjNlYWQyOTMxMDA0Y2NhYjZiZmI1YmYyMjE1NWU5OF8zLTEtMS0xLTE3MDc_4afee160-080a-4cf6-8cd0-1d7c701833df


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xNjUzL2ZyYWc6YTZhZGI2OGM5MjMzNDMwMWJiZjExYTA4OWQ0ZTA5NTUvdGFibGU6M2IzZWFkMjkzMTAwNGNjYWI2YmZiNWJmMjIxNTVlOTgvdGFibGVyYW5nZTozYjNlYWQyOTMxMDA0Y2NhYjZiZmI1YmYyMjE1NWU5OF8zLTMtMS0xLTE3MDk_858d26b5-1d6e-4646-a212-a5b3d34efeb9


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xNjUzL2ZyYWc6YTZhZGI2OGM5MjMzNDMwMWJiZjExYTA4OWQ0ZTA5NTUvdGFibGU6M2IzZWFkMjkzMTAwNGNjYWI2YmZiNWJmMjIxNTVlOTgvdGFibGVyYW5nZTozYjNlYWQyOTMxMDA0Y2NhYjZiZmI1YmYyMjE1NWU5OF80LTEtMS0xLTE3MDc_d4fd2f1c-ec6f-407c-a70f-10393bd7e615


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xNjUzL2ZyYWc6YTZhZGI2OGM5MjMzNDMwMWJiZjExYTA4OWQ0ZTA5NTUvdGFibGU6M2IzZWFkMjkzMTAwNGNjYWI2YmZiNWJmMjIxNTVlOTgvdGFibGVyYW5nZTozYjNlYWQyOTMxMDA0Y2NhYjZiZmI1YmYyMjE1NWU5OF80LTMtMS0xLTE3MDk_d6914cbd-2fe3-491b-8a46-ebb1d61699ea


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xNjUzL2ZyYWc6YTZhZGI2OGM5MjMzNDMwMWJiZjExYTA4OWQ0ZTA5NTUvdGFibGU6M2IzZWFkMjkzMTAwNGNjYWI2YmZiNWJmMjIxNTVlOTgvdGFibGVyYW5nZTozYjNlYWQyOTMxMDA0Y2NhYjZiZmI1YmYyMjE1NWU5OF81LTEtMS0xLTE3MDc_2ddb8cbd-484c-4091-9964-307713a1d06f


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xNjUzL2ZyYWc6YTZhZGI2OGM5MjMzNDMwMWJiZjExYTA4OWQ0ZTA5NTUvdGFibGU6M2IzZWFkMjkzMTAwNGNjYWI2YmZiNWJmMjIxNTVlOTgvdGFibGVyYW5nZTozYjNlYWQyOTMxMDA0Y2NhYjZiZmI1YmYyMjE1NWU5OF81LTMtMS0xLTE3MDk_c9981550-4d79-46f7-9b39-4e0acdcde04d


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xNjUzL2ZyYWc6YTZhZGI2OGM5MjMzNDMwMWJiZjExYTA4OWQ0ZTA5NTUvdGFibGU6M2IzZWFkMjkzMTAwNGNjYWI2YmZiNWJmMjIxNTVlOTgvdGFibGVyYW5nZTozYjNlYWQyOTMxMDA0Y2NhYjZiZmI1YmYyMjE1NWU5OF82LTEtMS0xLTE3MDc_6c9bb187-bd5d-488f-bf55-0efed4ba94be


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xNjUzL2ZyYWc6YTZhZGI2OGM5MjMzNDMwMWJiZjExYTA4OWQ0ZTA5NTUvdGFibGU6M2IzZWFkMjkzMTAwNGNjYWI2YmZiNWJmMjIxNTVlOTgvdGFibGVyYW5nZTozYjNlYWQyOTMxMDA0Y2NhYjZiZmI1YmYyMjE1NWU5OF82LTMtMS0xLTE3MDk_05660687-6f7b-426a-9ae8-f5e0ebd5986f


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xNjUzL2ZyYWc6YTZhZGI2OGM5MjMzNDMwMWJiZjExYTA4OWQ0ZTA5NTUvdGFibGU6M2IzZWFkMjkzMTAwNGNjYWI2YmZiNWJmMjIxNTVlOTgvdGFibGVyYW5nZTozYjNlYWQyOTMxMDA0Y2NhYjZiZmI1YmYyMjE1NWU5OF83LTEtMS0xLTE3MDc_f8e1eace-eef4-4495-9d6f-17607c661821


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xNjUzL2ZyYWc6YTZhZGI2OGM5MjMzNDMwMWJiZjExYTA4OWQ0ZTA5NTUvdGFibGU6M2IzZWFkMjkzMTAwNGNjYWI2YmZiNWJmMjIxNTVlOTgvdGFibGVyYW5nZTozYjNlYWQyOTMxMDA0Y2NhYjZiZmI1YmYyMjE1NWU5OF83LTMtMS0xLTE3MDk_2d6db5d9-3ca4-4758-a555-9e2daaeb5a7e


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031




675&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8

760&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14




      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031




675&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8

760&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14




      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85Ny9mcmFnOjEwMWIwNDkzMDA2YjQyN2Q4MGE5NTU3ZTFmZWQ3NTA4L3RhYmxlOmY4Yzc0M2E5M2I2OTQxMWQ4MzcyNDk5OTI2ZGY3NTUxL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZjhjNzQzYTkzYjY5NDExZDgzNzI0OTk5MjZkZjc1NTFfMy0xLTEtMS0w_e5beb6b6-84ec-4b2d-9f31-4d7366c058f6


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85Ny9mcmFnOjEwMWIwNDkzMDA2YjQyN2Q4MGE5NTU3ZTFmZWQ3NTA4L3RhYmxlOmY4Yzc0M2E5M2I2OTQxMWQ4MzcyNDk5OTI2ZGY3NTUxL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZjhjNzQzYTkzYjY5NDExZDgzNzI0OTk5MjZkZjc1NTFfMy0zLTEtMS0w_a62b7e4f-b829-4b6d-a587-5e133c0a0ca0


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85Ny9mcmFnOjEwMWIwNDkzMDA2YjQyN2Q4MGE5NTU3ZTFmZWQ3NTA4L3RhYmxlOmY4Yzc0M2E5M2I2OTQxMWQ4MzcyNDk5OTI2ZGY3NTUxL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZjhjNzQzYTkzYjY5NDExZDgzNzI0OTk5MjZkZjc1NTFfNC0xLTEtMS0w_6659a9b2-9146-48c8-9ce0-5e30c32a19dc


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85Ny9mcmFnOjEwMWIwNDkzMDA2YjQyN2Q4MGE5NTU3ZTFmZWQ3NTA4L3RhYmxlOmY4Yzc0M2E5M2I2OTQxMWQ4MzcyNDk5OTI2ZGY3NTUxL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZjhjNzQzYTkzYjY5NDExZDgzNzI0OTk5MjZkZjc1NTFfNC0zLTEtMS0w_08c2f7ac-3583-42e3-b950-3786279b7b1a


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85Ny9mcmFnOjEwMWIwNDkzMDA2YjQyN2Q4MGE5NTU3ZTFmZWQ3NTA4L3RhYmxlOmY4Yzc0M2E5M2I2OTQxMWQ4MzcyNDk5OTI2ZGY3NTUxL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZjhjNzQzYTkzYjY5NDExZDgzNzI0OTk5MjZkZjc1NTFfNS0xLTEtMS0w_1e7188e7-cf8a-4a46-9eed-667a01f53a7a


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85Ny9mcmFnOjEwMWIwNDkzMDA2YjQyN2Q4MGE5NTU3ZTFmZWQ3NTA4L3RhYmxlOmY4Yzc0M2E5M2I2OTQxMWQ4MzcyNDk5OTI2ZGY3NTUxL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZjhjNzQzYTkzYjY5NDExZDgzNzI0OTk5MjZkZjc1NTFfNS0zLTEtMS0w_ce639cd1-bd57-4002-a869-81762e9d54d4


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85Ny9mcmFnOjEwMWIwNDkzMDA2YjQyN2Q4MGE5NTU3ZTFmZWQ3NTA4L3RhYmxlOmY4Yzc0M2E5M2I2OTQxMWQ4MzcyNDk5OTI2ZGY3NTUxL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZjhjNzQzYTkzYjY5NDExZDgzNzI0OTk5MjZkZjc1NTFfNi0xLTEtMS0w_edab91b0-9d24-47be-a1bf-5f5bc8a49ff5


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV85Ny9mcmFnOjEwMWIwNDkzMDA2YjQyN2Q4MGE5NTU3ZTFmZWQ3NTA4L3RhYmxlOmY4Yzc0M2E5M2I2OTQxMWQ4MzcyNDk5OTI2ZGY3NTUxL3RhYmxlcmFuZ2U6ZjhjNzQzYTkzYjY5NDExZDgzNzI0OTk5MjZkZjc1NTFfNi0zLTEtMS0w_7c1385b7-341e-4aa8-b6d0-da67d40332e0


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031




282&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;19

977&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;13

207&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;10

606&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11

939&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8

656&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9




      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031




282&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;19

977&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;13

207&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;10

606&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11

939&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8

656&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9




      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_5e5989df-c68c-4eab-b6f2-39310cb28e2e


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_63c67f4c-ae19-4314-b687-597f3eed6d5f


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_1e424b00-c697-4bfa-b8b8-a1692534dd0e


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_bdea2825-4b8d-412f-9ec5-417201ac1715


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_7b04b076-5a34-4c69-bd14-f9eb47add9ad


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_0a00b0bf-91b5-46bd-a33e-345bf5e24d93


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_97a98442-00e7-467a-8d25-d87c547c8187


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_b7f1a034-4347-4ea1-a7fa-d128fafa1fcb


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzctMS0xLTEtMA_0b418587-dc37-40a4-aaf5-6267e5520354


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzctMy0xLTEtMA_8a0b6d86-e1d5-46f9-859b-a1f2cca7cf6c


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_81e464e4-99cb-488e-bb56-ed5904922dc5


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_8d2cd873-0d07-4ea3-aec2-d2959f0cbb67


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzktMS0xLTEtMA_3f81bb41-1880-4156-a8cd-28ea66854553


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzktMy0xLTEtMA_4858eb71-e810-4600-bf9b-3550e73646dc


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_d29c72b1-1479-4ca0-81e5-3b20374f39c5


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90YWJsZTphMzhhYzg1YjRmYjE0NmExYTVjOWUwYTk3MjA0MGJmZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmEzOGFjODViNGZiMTQ2YTFhNWM5ZTBhOTcyMDQwYmZmXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_4c17b160-fe6a-41ab-a98c-396231a9a1f3


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDAvZnJhZzo0MTNlMmQwM2NhNTc0ZTQzYjE5NTMxZTUwYzg2MjhhOS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjQxM2UyZDAzY2E1NzRlNDNiMTk1MzFlNTBjODYyOGE5XzM4NDgyOTA2OTg4MjM_dc5c79e2-9f83-483c-93cb-557f14906e4f


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


 2020 and 3.3% at October 31





 2019
 with a maximum available borrowing capacity of $1.0 billion. Under the credit facility
 the Company may not exceed a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of 50%. The Company has a one-time right
 at any time during the term of the agreement
 to increase the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio then in effect by five percentage points in connection with the construction of a new poultry complex for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at October&#160;31
 2020
 was $1.0 billion. The credit is unsecured and
 unless extended
 will expire on March&#160;21
 2024. As of October 31
 2020
 and December 16
 2020
 the Company had borrowed $25.0 million
 and had approximately $25.2 million outstanding in letters of credit





      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


 2020 and 3.3% at October 31






      contextRef=i160780e1cc1e45ffb96abb62d51c1ca9_I20201031
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTozZmU5N2ZjYWVjOGE0NjIyOGRkZmZmNjZjODE0YjgwZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNmZTk3ZmNhZWM4YTQ2MjI4ZGRmZmY2NmM4MTRiODBlXzMtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmJkZTZkZjhlYWU0YjRkOTY4Mjg1MDNjYzU5YTU4NzBjXzEwOTk1MTE2Mjc5MDA_58cadcc3-4bd3-4444-bcf5-a6607ba0ee96


      contextRef=ic22dd1bd545f4d94895422646d328600_I20191031
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTozZmU5N2ZjYWVjOGE0NjIyOGRkZmZmNjZjODE0YjgwZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNmZTk3ZmNhZWM4YTQ2MjI4ZGRmZmY2NmM4MTRiODBlXzMtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmJkZTZkZjhlYWU0YjRkOTY4Mjg1MDNjYzU5YTU4NzBjXzEwOTk1MTE2Mjc5MDc_03036964-0797-47ef-a27c-c922220cefeb


      contextRef=i160780e1cc1e45ffb96abb62d51c1ca9_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTozZmU5N2ZjYWVjOGE0NjIyOGRkZmZmNjZjODE0YjgwZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNmZTk3ZmNhZWM4YTQ2MjI4ZGRmZmY2NmM4MTRiODBlXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_92700cc6-d037-415d-8198-349b200b9a40


      contextRef=ic22dd1bd545f4d94895422646d328600_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTozZmU5N2ZjYWVjOGE0NjIyOGRkZmZmNjZjODE0YjgwZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNmZTk3ZmNhZWM4YTQ2MjI4ZGRmZmY2NmM4MTRiODBlXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_b356bfe8-5413-4377-8cda-218c35a25d88


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTozZmU5N2ZjYWVjOGE0NjIyOGRkZmZmNjZjODE0YjgwZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNmZTk3ZmNhZWM4YTQ2MjI4ZGRmZmY2NmM4MTRiODBlXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_1e7a67e7-7825-47ad-bef0-c3cd915d63bd


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTozZmU5N2ZjYWVjOGE0NjIyOGRkZmZmNjZjODE0YjgwZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNmZTk3ZmNhZWM4YTQ2MjI4ZGRmZmY2NmM4MTRiODBlXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_5f88342d-d0cb-43a4-9e52-ae2cd32f5bf1


      contextRef=i160780e1cc1e45ffb96abb62d51c1ca9_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTozZmU5N2ZjYWVjOGE0NjIyOGRkZmZmNjZjODE0YjgwZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNmZTk3ZmNhZWM4YTQ2MjI4ZGRmZmY2NmM4MTRiODBlXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_a890a112-a917-4c07-81fa-af553e5ed376


      contextRef=ic22dd1bd545f4d94895422646d328600_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTozZmU5N2ZjYWVjOGE0NjIyOGRkZmZmNjZjODE0YjgwZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNmZTk3ZmNhZWM4YTQ2MjI4ZGRmZmY2NmM4MTRiODBlXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_1c33c7dc-9638-4ee4-9e02-9943a2f2cb5c


      contextRef=i1655b299d2484cf28fb27e1287b39e25_I20190321
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIzZmM2NjU3MDE2ZTQ5YWE5YzBhZTNmMGVjOTRiZTE3XzIwNA_253d007f-298f-48fb-8eff-124731f1f90f


      contextRef=i4722ae0c158d46f48c21fee1e727d049_I20190321
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIzZmM2NjU3MDE2ZTQ5YWE5YzBhZTNmMGVjOTRiZTE3XzMxMA_cf107133-2055-4f9a-b058-6f3295554852


      contextRef=i4722ae0c158d46f48c21fee1e727d049_I20190321
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIzZmM2NjU3MDE2ZTQ5YWE5YzBhZTNmMGVjOTRiZTE3XzQ3MQ_d219e445-9e10-4121-bf83-c41fcb4988d7


      contextRef=ib9759400b7ee44bc89009c0d172fa204_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIzZmM2NjU3MDE2ZTQ5YWE5YzBhZTNmMGVjOTRiZTE3XzgyOA_44bc4748-1a6d-43be-aceb-a457c4f018d8


      contextRef=iebf782fe8c1a4ff0bbe9c74ad25e1400_I20201216
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIzZmM2NjU3MDE2ZTQ5YWE5YzBhZTNmMGVjOTRiZTE3Xzk0Ng_662d1a16-1796-4a72-bc5a-1f56237f89ff


      contextRef=ib9759400b7ee44bc89009c0d172fa204_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIzZmM2NjU3MDE2ZTQ5YWE5YzBhZTNmMGVjOTRiZTE3Xzk0Ng_84c134b7-46a0-4dd5-b9c3-2b28d2b37d48


      contextRef=ic64c1c451ff24371843909f99a631b97_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIzZmM2NjU3MDE2ZTQ5YWE5YzBhZTNmMGVjOTRiZTE3Xzk3Mg_1102dcc7-ba1b-4d79-91b7-612206fb93fd


      contextRef=i8fa680c99b1b4b05a8749c6af6d0af78_I20201216
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIzZmM2NjU3MDE2ZTQ5YWE5YzBhZTNmMGVjOTRiZTE3Xzk3Mg_bff074c0-0417-427b-9d81-ac54ca8adc00


      contextRef=i9df0d23d334f456ba599fba5f4c42d37_I20201216
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIzZmM2NjU3MDE2ZTQ5YWE5YzBhZTNmMGVjOTRiZTE3XzEwMTc_072f6215-ce6d-4a02-a205-779f6bf996f2


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIzZmM2NjU3MDE2ZTQ5YWE5YzBhZTNmMGVjOTRiZTE3XzEwMTc_a471d955-cd2b-480b-8195-224463d60da5


      contextRef=i504dd62ed5474fe08532ca3fdce8b0bb_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIzZmM2NjU3MDE2ZTQ5YWE5YzBhZTNmMGVjOTRiZTE3XzE0MTQ_1ad7fb40-5292-46ab-8a6f-e059a5759d92


      contextRef=icbe3c6e90c1c4c6c8c48e1c908de53a1_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjIzZmM2NjU3MDE2ZTQ5YWE5YzBhZTNmMGVjOTRiZTE3XzE0MjA_81b38643-92e0-40a6-b966-f3e71c32330e


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=idd622c01a9e74db4ba04507b088967cd_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTo5ZDRmNjJhMzQ0ZWQ0MWZiYmI4YmFkZDFjZWU1MzEwZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkNGY2MmEzNDRlZDQxZmJiYjhiYWRkMWNlZTUzMTBkXzEtMS0xLTEtMjI2Ny90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjFjNGRhNWNlOTk4NjRjZjc4YTg4NzZiOGM2MDNkZTIwXzEwOTk1MTE2Mjc3ODg_a580c4bb-4986-47a6-bac5-48e8c925df9d


      contextRef=idd622c01a9e74db4ba04507b088967cd_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTo5ZDRmNjJhMzQ0ZWQ0MWZiYmI4YmFkZDFjZWU1MzEwZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkNGY2MmEzNDRlZDQxZmJiYjhiYWRkMWNlZTUzMTBkXzEtMy0xLTEtMA_6c55ca52-35a6-4c34-be76-d9c15abff19f


      contextRef=idd622c01a9e74db4ba04507b088967cd_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTo5ZDRmNjJhMzQ0ZWQ0MWZiYmI4YmFkZDFjZWU1MzEwZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkNGY2MmEzNDRlZDQxZmJiYjhiYWRkMWNlZTUzMTBkXzEtNS0xLTEtMA_0af98017-183b-43af-a90a-2b97c92ccabb


      contextRef=idc2737c12eaa4ef5bdfc3f136bf66a02_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTo5ZDRmNjJhMzQ0ZWQ0MWZiYmI4YmFkZDFjZWU1MzEwZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkNGY2MmEzNDRlZDQxZmJiYjhiYWRkMWNlZTUzMTBkXzItMS0xLTEtMjI3MC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJhMTAyZWVjZGZjNDQ4MDc5MTY2MGU4YzQxZmM3NDA4XzEwOTk1MTE2Mjc3OTg_a02e2290-8f6f-4980-95ad-20c3b9414c91


      contextRef=i56eed18118434eda9c8a60e7ebbc450e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTo5ZDRmNjJhMzQ0ZWQ0MWZiYmI4YmFkZDFjZWU1MzEwZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkNGY2MmEzNDRlZDQxZmJiYjhiYWRkMWNlZTUzMTBkXzItMS0xLTEtMjI3MC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJhMTAyZWVjZGZjNDQ4MDc5MTY2MGU4YzQxZmM3NDA4XzEwOTk1MTE2Mjc4MDU_f6208061-6307-487c-bb76-f1a12e980434


      contextRef=i8b5b364e9f56480fa3dbf682adf79f4c_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTo5ZDRmNjJhMzQ0ZWQ0MWZiYmI4YmFkZDFjZWU1MzEwZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkNGY2MmEzNDRlZDQxZmJiYjhiYWRkMWNlZTUzMTBkXzItMy0xLTEtMA_4eba415c-d56d-4b3a-ac52-6fb70805715f


      contextRef=i8b5b364e9f56480fa3dbf682adf79f4c_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTo5ZDRmNjJhMzQ0ZWQ0MWZiYmI4YmFkZDFjZWU1MzEwZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkNGY2MmEzNDRlZDQxZmJiYjhiYWRkMWNlZTUzMTBkXzItNS0xLTEtMA_24b3165e-a0ed-4437-9294-6676d25f72a8


      contextRef=i2f755e1fe301465fa6a2d75993c4d4e1_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTo5ZDRmNjJhMzQ0ZWQ0MWZiYmI4YmFkZDFjZWU1MzEwZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkNGY2MmEzNDRlZDQxZmJiYjhiYWRkMWNlZTUzMTBkXzMtMS0xLTEtMjI3Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjI1MDJmZDJhNjYyYzRiODE4YjQ1OGJlZmQ2ZTUyOWZjXzEwOTk1MTE2Mjc3OTg_70e3a31e-bc49-423b-b529-512b1dee138d


      contextRef=i3706b6c1f9874f40ab424dda9c17ba0d_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTo5ZDRmNjJhMzQ0ZWQ0MWZiYmI4YmFkZDFjZWU1MzEwZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkNGY2MmEzNDRlZDQxZmJiYjhiYWRkMWNlZTUzMTBkXzMtMS0xLTEtMjI3Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjI1MDJmZDJhNjYyYzRiODE4YjQ1OGJlZmQ2ZTUyOWZjXzEwOTk1MTE2Mjc4MDQ_1dbdc80f-7f14-4ef4-b925-cc2e6220cedc


      contextRef=i3fa55ff663ce4a8a94d7086b48eb59af_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTo5ZDRmNjJhMzQ0ZWQ0MWZiYmI4YmFkZDFjZWU1MzEwZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkNGY2MmEzNDRlZDQxZmJiYjhiYWRkMWNlZTUzMTBkXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_5c3bde0a-0f7d-4c8d-b048-bb8c0bf349c1


      contextRef=i3fa55ff663ce4a8a94d7086b48eb59af_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTo5ZDRmNjJhMzQ0ZWQ0MWZiYmI4YmFkZDFjZWU1MzEwZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkNGY2MmEzNDRlZDQxZmJiYjhiYWRkMWNlZTUzMTBkXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_b1135165-0515-4d83-9dd1-8d106f2d94f1


      contextRef=i0a864d8f2b274b658c3cf5e486889653_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTo5ZDRmNjJhMzQ0ZWQ0MWZiYmI4YmFkZDFjZWU1MzEwZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkNGY2MmEzNDRlZDQxZmJiYjhiYWRkMWNlZTUzMTBkXzQtMS0xLTEtMjI4Mi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjRlNjIwMWYzNDU4NjRiNDZiZDA0MjRmNDc4NzNmZTc2XzEwOTk1MTE2Mjc3ODg_c7b51f9b-901d-4ae9-bb0a-5d327eafe028


      contextRef=i0a864d8f2b274b658c3cf5e486889653_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTo5ZDRmNjJhMzQ0ZWQ0MWZiYmI4YmFkZDFjZWU1MzEwZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkNGY2MmEzNDRlZDQxZmJiYjhiYWRkMWNlZTUzMTBkXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_fe03be7d-35ca-4c4f-ad39-2548ca996ca9


      contextRef=i0a864d8f2b274b658c3cf5e486889653_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZTo5ZDRmNjJhMzQ0ZWQ0MWZiYmI4YmFkZDFjZWU1MzEwZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlkNGY2MmEzNDRlZDQxZmJiYjhiYWRkMWNlZTUzMTBkXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_a3f0d15e-dffa-4e52-9223-50b76daece68


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031





      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZToxZmMyNzgzNDUxZTg0ZDE3YjQ5ZTRlNTQ3NDJiNTZjOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjFmYzI3ODM0NTFlODRkMTdiNDllNGU1NDc0MmI1NmM4XzEtMy0xLTEtMA_bde7f30d-0855-4785-8975-a2dc497458bc


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDMvZnJhZzoyM2ZjNjY1NzAxNmU0OWFhOWMwYWUzZjBlYzk0YmUxNy90YWJsZToxZmMyNzgzNDUxZTg0ZDE3YjQ5ZTRlNTQ3NDJiNTZjOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjFmYzI3ODM0NTFlODRkMTdiNDllNGU1NDc0MmI1NmM4XzItMy0xLTEtMA_f19c058f-306d-451a-b052-2aeba947a0a1


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 2020
 the CARES Act was enacted. The CARES Act contains several income tax provisions
 as well as other measures
 that are intended to assist businesses impacted by the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The most significant provisions of the CARES Act that materially affect our accounting for income taxes include
 but are not limited to
 a five-year carry-back allowance for taxable net operating losses generated in tax years 2018 through 2020
 our fiscal years 2019 through 2021
 and a technical correction to the Tax Cut and Jobs Act
 enacted on December 22
 2017
 that provides a two-year carry-back allowance for our taxable net operating loss generated in fiscal year 2018. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Our fiscal 2020 financial statements were materially affected by the changes enacted by the CARES Act. U.S. GAAP requires that the effects from changes in tax laws be recognized in the period in which the new law is enacted
 which for the CARES Act was our second quarter of fiscal 2020. As a result of the applicable accounting guidance and the provisions within the CARES Act
 our income tax provision for fiscal 2020 reflects the carry-back of taxable net operating losses generated during periods in which the statutory federal income tax rate was 21.0% to periods in which the statutory federal income tax rate was 35.0%. Due to the difference in statutory rates
 during fiscal 2020 we recorded a $50.4&#160;million discrete income tax benefit related to the carry-back provisions. Because the net operating losses were carried back to years in which we initially reduced our taxable income using the Domestic Production Activities Deduction
 we recorded a partially offsetting $11.3&#160;million discrete income tax expense during fiscal 2020 to account for the reduced taxable income. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On December 22
 2017
 during our fiscal 2018
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TCJA) was enacted
 which reduced the corporate income tax rate from 35.0% to 21.0%. Section 15 of the Internal Revenue Code stipulated that our fiscal 2018 was subject to a blended statutory tax rate of 23.3%
 which was based on a calculation of the number of days during fiscal 2018 that were subject to a 35.0% statutory rate and the number of days during fiscal 2018 that were subject to a 21.0% statutory rate. Fiscal years 2020 and 2019 were each subject to a 21.0% statutory rate for the entire year. When the TCJA was enacted during fiscal 2018
 we were required by U.S. GAAP to remeasure our deferred tax assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rate expected to apply when the temporary differences from which the deferred taxes arose were expected to be settled. This revaluation of our deferred taxes resulted in a $37.5&#160;million discrete income tax benefit. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Our effective tax rates for fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018 were 273.3%
 16.5% and (101.0)%
 respectively. Excluding the effects of discrete items
 the Company's effective tax rates for fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018 would have been approximately 21.3%
 23.6% and 33.0%
 respectively. During the periods presented
 income tax expense (benefit) consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:59.222%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.637%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.637%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.640%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Years Ended October&#160;31



169)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(112


214&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;13
966&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(28

753&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2

185)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(5
380)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(2
406)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;67
540&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11
339&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(29








299&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

556&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;150

311&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8

441&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

543&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7

576&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9



452)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(5

277&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;54

884&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;76



 as well as Company's decision to take bonus depreciation on qualifying assets placed in service during fiscal 2020.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Included in the deferred tax assets are North Carolina Investing in Business Property Credit and North Carolina Jobs Credits totaling $1.3 million
 as well as Georgia Job Tax Credits totaling $2.3 million. The North Carolina Investing in Business Property Credit provides a 7% investment tax credit for property located in a North Carolina development area
 the North Carolina Creating Jobs Credit provides a tax credit for increased employment in North Carolina
 and the Georgia Job Tax Credit provides a tax credit for creation and retention of qualifying jobs in Georgia. It is management&#x2019;s opinion that the majority of the North Carolina and Georgia income tax credits will not be utilized before they expire
 and a $2.5 million valuation allowance has been recorded as of October&#160;31
 2020. The North Carolina credits began to expire during fiscal 2018
 and the remaining credits expire between fiscal years 2021 and 2023.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;At the end of each reporting period
 the Company evaluates all available information at that time to determine if it is more likely than not that some or all of these credits will be utilized. As of October 31
 2020
 2019
 and 2018
 the Company &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;determined that a total of $1.1 million
 $1.8 million
 and $0.7 million
 respectively
 would be recovered. Accordingly







188&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
189&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

926)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(2

858&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4
121&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4


284)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1
388)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1

303&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
786&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

185)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(5
380)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(5



874)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;As of October 31
 2020
 the Company had $2.4&#160;million of unrecognized tax benefits
 as compared to no unrecognized tax benefits as of October 31
 2019. If recognized
 the $2.4&#160;million would reduce the Company's effective tax rate. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. As of October 31
 2020
 of the Company's recorded liability


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzM4NDgyOTA3MTYxOTc_57370ba9-971f-4de2-9577-5fd152a33520


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzM4NDgyOTA3MTYxNjA_c9e8cf68-79df-4634-a882-fcd82cfad070


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzM4NDgyOTA3MTYxNzU_96f1a6e9-dde0-4f42-bdbc-2106788516bb


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzM4NDgyOTA3MTYxODI_381fa84f-1c02-4e33-92a0-4a086e735cc9


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzIxMTE_d656a79a-b8a7-4a65-ae1b-0b0c94b2cad3


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzIxMTU_ce9c6493-fa5c-484b-8da2-9ff57329dd2d


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzIxMjI_fb071627-4689-4a8e-bdbd-8792eb6c9b90


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzM4NDgyOTA3MTYyNDQ_adc6b544-ad8a-4f63-8f42-3ca6b8b82809


      contextRef=i682b2705a1bb48bcb8e644024672ede3_D20190801-20191031
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzM4NDgyOTA3MTYyNTg_db1e426a-402b-428a-af37-f53a0f702708


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzM4NDgyOTA3MTYyNTE_93a0127a-ccac-4792-9cc1-0742254734f3


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 income tax expense (benefit) consisted of the following:&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:59.222%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.637%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.637%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.640%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Years Ended October&#160;31



169)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(112


214&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;13
966&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(28

753&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2

185)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(5
380)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(2
406)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;67
540&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11
339&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(29





      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_2925ac19-0ee5-4454-801e-7a63aacbf2f7


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_583e0db1-14f9-42d7-9c94-4df37da08664


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_8b7d3bf2-18c3-4156-8a05-934018c7349e


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_5258756c-ad7b-43e9-b298-885b168befd4


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_c4bde819-7784-4c35-9525-37719866546a


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzUtNS0xLTEtMA_a5ffd317-a280-41c0-950d-4236ad6d47bf


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_7547d563-a4b2-4674-967c-10c0d5ab5f4b


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_5e63b9dc-aabe-46a3-aa52-1e541dba93e2


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzYtNS0xLTEtMA_d6eb256c-e653-4c14-9e45-033961cddd08


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_eb0a9e92-8f57-4627-b60f-343d95c5d6b3


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_bf06014b-4f39-4e32-8524-228973e71e2a


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzgtNS0xLTEtMA_cf0f050f-e91d-4c94-84a9-7449cfc7196d


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzktMS0xLTEtMA_0ab259c1-c3c8-4ae5-8991-5bf5551316f1


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzktMy0xLTEtMA_aca99381-ec65-4a87-ac8f-355783069228


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzktNS0xLTEtMA_21419d8a-62cf-4ee0-9fac-7c9d8574b0c6


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_c25f287c-5a0b-452c-91b3-8746ff3fb0b9


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_a8f4de5e-ac0f-41c3-b93b-dd9936c10c5c


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzEwLTUtMS0xLTA_a2f817bc-2ff5-4e2c-bc56-cee844c6f2ff


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzExLTEtMS0xLTA_1c37ab4e-c9fa-48e2-bb12-6a9cbee0adaa


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_f696de25-e959-490f-90f8-d58ece9283d9


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzExLTUtMS0xLTA_5263eb73-d5c7-46d4-8b33-5add066d717c


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_0904e427-c0ad-46b5-a390-63fd1d1fe499


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzEyLTMtMS0xLTA_44d154af-21b0-4cd8-829a-cda2835062d6


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTozOGViMmZlN2ZlYmI0MWU2YjkyODM5ZmM3Mzc4OWI2My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM4ZWIyZmU3ZmViYjQxZTZiOTI4MzlmYzczNzg5YjYzXzEyLTUtMS0xLTA_b6321814-3a16-4515-a63b-bda2e243b08a


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031





299&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

556&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;150

311&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8

441&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

543&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7

576&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9



452)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(5

277&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;54

884&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;76




      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_ff8e8c9e-87e8-4427-9bb4-f1b68fd83d4f


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_d130a290-5c94-453e-817c-5a5806bb3544


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_f7ff882c-fe22-4233-8635-6dc3dde65d46


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_21f307c8-d637-4f21-a179-24ae8a966166


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_98788c64-496b-4d26-8ed6-da03d6b60af0


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_289a6cae-ccd8-4b52-a751-2458c578727c


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_17fdf0c0-8c7f-4543-a18f-ff13fbacb96a


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_88e37a57-f0f7-41e7-b9c9-2888432ff2a7


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzktMS0xLTEtMA_fd2c654a-81bb-460e-921c-00343abb1680


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzktMy0xLTEtMA_6b542f1e-d085-40de-a415-292cb588dbb5


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_3cee5c61-1b78-4a9b-84ef-7904c8a5483a


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_14ce9196-6b7f-49be-af2d-c24d90741ea6


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzExLTEtMS0xLTA_490c4ec2-1a08-40cf-aee5-f72dcf749a02


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_434f8710-f708-4629-98fd-5efb25f736f9


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzEyLTEtMS0xLTMyNTU_3599f23e-c0eb-4896-8803-bd01fc18a389


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzEyLTMtMS0xLTMyNTc_49d4389a-3b56-4e36-b967-5f0eee8f30ee


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_05bc6870-0006-4223-9886-e58e78ffdbfd


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzEyLTMtMS0xLTA_a33db57a-799a-4ae4-a0cc-d59fd5d61679


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzEzLTEtMS0xLTA_76290d8e-c9f2-498f-ba89-6f7adcc5667d


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzEzLTMtMS0xLTA_cc38712d-8429-4f96-8aa9-8e6a84459aee


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzE0LTEtMS0xLTA_2edf4430-868b-46d2-afeb-0cbefcc2d8a3


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzE0LTMtMS0xLTA_c65cd3a9-a6e5-4e15-b694-f234b938ad15


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzE1LTEtMS0xLTA_7eae4a24-9a1c-4255-877b-dfdf101e6cff


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzE1LTMtMS0xLTA_dcf6044c-ddbc-4b0d-9a0e-796fae6e72ef


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzE2LTEtMS0xLTA_02262bc7-a707-4c77-b552-f20d77fffad8


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTo4OTU5MTNlZjg0ZTc0ZTY3YjBkZDI5NDA2ZGI3NGIxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg5NTkxM2VmODRlNzRlNjdiMGRkMjk0MDZkYjc0YjEzXzE2LTMtMS0xLTA_9c77af8a-2407-48fa-aaac-0b91750feffe


      contextRef=i81913bdcecc3486ca97c5d3c592ca730_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzMxNjI_4f074fc5-32e2-49bf-b534-9c98bfca752e


      contextRef=icb6f7de1984a428197bda83c6452d94b_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzMyMTA_fe64359d-8ab7-49b4-85b3-1fdd2c935ff8


      contextRef=i9b2bf40551e9436c901a41eda42ef5cc_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzMyODI_39381897-1692-457d-a472-2aeab572167b


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzM3Mjg_f04cfd3b-d503-4482-90fc-93965553cfc2


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzQxNjE_86777fbf-7fe2-4bb1-afb3-817c48448df2


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzQxNjU_d038d8d9-c2f0-4ca1-a377-0680cb589ee1


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzQxNzM_23e433fd-1f6b-44c9-9877-35243d4255e2


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031







188&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
189&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

926)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(2

858&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4
121&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4


284)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1
388)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1

303&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1
786&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

185)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(5
380)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(5





      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_a76222f8-ef4a-4e57-a6f4-7019c24406e7


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_c9812cbe-a9aa-464e-ba8a-235c576689c2


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_8fdef001-cd02-4b34-94b2-769a51ae9496


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzQtMS0xLTEtNDUyOA_60a9d9b3-1128-46f8-a3de-ca8e78b82e6a


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzQtMy0xLTEtNDUzMA_7cffd6be-3d59-45ea-a3a0-23a0b5aa5f9e


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzQtNS0xLTEtNDUzMg_64cc9885-0fa3-4693-b31f-c082d09102e7


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_1f4a1138-6ff0-40d6-9f9f-46a8a1783d4f


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_cc16123f-9dc0-4a43-9f8a-ffc6b321618a


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_a0412bc1-e4ef-4ae4-8380-05e329959a2f


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_41033fdd-7c02-46c6-b54d-03b861967ea3


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_685545c1-693f-445b-9ae8-18e7de912f9e


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzUtNS0xLTEtMA_60b7504c-f077-43d6-a9e4-58e2f276dc37


      contextRef=ie7b3855635f0482984f67ff90e3fd23d_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_45b6eb4c-7f5f-420f-8e6d-d248153c0152


      contextRef=id0e51a8c7fc34dac97f0b654ece3a71d_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_c6920343-4f0b-436d-a0a3-a3fad4b3a8ca


      contextRef=ie2f71523bc9c42be932e10358a7d480f_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzYtNS0xLTEtMA_d0995e26-9ed2-46f2-8778-7573b28f442e


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzctMS0xLTEtMA_99984cb3-204f-41db-8c99-547728aeeaba


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzctMy0xLTEtMA_9ab06b83-14c2-4c4b-a07d-b65ef53be50c


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzctNS0xLTEtMA_9008b721-ba78-4a3b-b932-1e4b40cc46be


      contextRef=id7c032e5147c41d58ac5fa1a41427efc_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_7ee3ffe4-0015-488c-9258-4d3f8e5ef05d


      contextRef=i54b925997b9647efb940d80c54d7af96_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_ddcb675b-e68c-443f-bb58-189ade0bf39d


      contextRef=i785e1dbcf26c49c389c26d7b7e8e197a_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzgtNS0xLTEtMA_1b40201c-2951-4cff-b27e-ab2928452de6


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_d0a3fec7-e519-4538-9630-bd0db23bd788


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_45f88c68-516d-451e-9671-23bc4f2bea79


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzEwLTUtMS0xLTA_095c2f3b-eda5-4b1d-89e0-77c79fe394e5


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzExLTEtMS0xLTA_c985a7de-99e3-4209-89a8-d58258e33016


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_f8d3abed-46ff-4092-8007-664d99116acd


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzExLTUtMS0xLTA_a83c0ec9-2404-4a00-8bd9-3e6136ce5e00


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_0b3d5907-3ac7-4538-908d-20b2192bd638


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzEyLTMtMS0xLTA_87be13aa-c288-40fa-85eb-ca1efb6df5ad


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzEyLTUtMS0xLTA_3d45b31d-3cc4-49cd-afd1-5357a164865f


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzEzLTEtMS0xLTA_d9189ac6-79dc-4f40-916e-4c4f0c4363e9


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzEzLTMtMS0xLTA_6ec3fa26-4ef4-41d5-89b5-22e5b3b2b3d5


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzEzLTUtMS0xLTA_f2247e68-fa3b-4005-8092-c0380a490d01


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzE0LTEtMS0xLTA_72c2c03b-8f6e-4dcf-8deb-d7ce0f3e7ae1


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzE0LTMtMS0xLTA_916682c9-c641-4631-a885-10b2d2febd00


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90YWJsZTpiMTc2NmFlOGY3ZmM0NGEwYWEyMzhjY2ZkM2NkZTBhYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmIxNzY2YWU4ZjdmYzQ0YTBhYTIzOGNjZmQzY2RlMGFjXzE0LTUtMS0xLTA_5fd91363-726d-4eef-a93f-5c487f65b39b


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzEwOTk1MTE2NDcyMDg_266c85bd-8f91-4a8a-b0ee-a5e54f08d2af


      contextRef=ib75587eea8dc40b889610fd2d517267c_I20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzEwOTk1MTE2NDcyMjI_70590786-bb5b-4871-bdd9-e45dd34f5fa2


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzEwOTk1MTE2NDkyODc_bf8bff0d-ff50-437b-b334-6136201597a9


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDYvZnJhZzo3OGNlODE2MDY1NWE0ZjI0YjllNmYzOTI1OGU3ZmMyNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjc4Y2U4MTYwNjU1YTRmMjRiOWU2ZjM5MjU4ZTdmYzI3XzM4NDgyOTA3MTg4MzA_c6dfb3b0-8115-4518-945a-23ddb116b3b0


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031


 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;October 31
 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;October 31




902&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;52
516&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;60

943&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;21
829&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;22

943&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;21
829&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;22


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;October 31
 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;October 31




902&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;52
516&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;60

943&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;21
829&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;22

943&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;21
829&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;22


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzItMS0xLTEtMA_41b3cc65-6862-4505-9000-42322f9f49f7


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzItMy0xLTEtMA_9a2b9899-2138-4519-b797-1da3e86f9bb3


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzItNS0xLTEtMA_2f7a5630-4743-46e9-95e5-cb5f0f121e03


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_d9aba7b1-96cd-425d-92f8-6b829ba2aae4


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_f63021fb-248b-4036-b336-6036b5bdfeff


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_76c4355a-0cec-428f-9d1b-dca2d7669682


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_4b560766-40c2-472b-a181-4d0bf9bda90f


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_4fde921e-cb31-49ce-a8cd-56aa01dee04a


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_7240df7e-8379-4355-8d2d-d440fd23022c


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_93b82feb-a768-48b5-9c2b-8c624fabf814


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_c056bc6f-3317-41ee-8429-7cabfa6cd70a


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzUtNS0xLTEtMA_2d0dc98c-46cd-4c20-a84a-1f6433dd7329


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_28b5c324-4c5b-4a5b-8dc7-ca51a8d73119


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_e75b801d-21c2-4b27-98e9-2e7e14b2cbfa


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzYtNS0xLTEtMA_0eaf985d-45bf-4343-80a0-e94c5ea7f11b


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzctMS0xLTEtMA_dcce6a11-3a7b-4e75-a3d3-c3d628a97937


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzctMy0xLTEtMA_366f04a0-3453-4350-91a0-5ab3ac1acd3c


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzctNS0xLTEtMA_5408b0ce-153d-496f-9986-ba803507d878


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_8c7c4ea9-c432-4738-b9f5-9e6d44546e47


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_90fa684e-428b-4f86-a5a5-a06731421380


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMDkvZnJhZzpiZWNkOWM3MDQwN2U0ZjVkOTY5MjAzMzI3Yjg3NTkwZS90YWJsZTo3ZTFjMzVlMDY5ZDE0ZGY5YTY2Y2U1ZGFhMzllNjE0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdlMWMzNWUwNjlkMTRkZjlhNjZjZTVkYWEzOWU2MTQzXzgtNS0xLTEtMA_2667ab06-d2ed-4397-8557-49bd74948315


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 total contributions to the ESOP were $3.0 million and $2.0 million
 respectively. Contributions to the ESOP vary in amount
 as the contributions are based on profitability. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company has a 401(k) Plan which covers substantially all employees after one year of service. Participants in the Plan may contribute up to the maximum allowed by Internal Revenue Service regulations. The Company matches 100% of employee contributions to the 401(k) Plan up to 3% of each employee&#x2019;s salary


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTIvZnJhZzpiYTM5NzhjYWNjOTk0M2I2ODBiNGI5OGNlMjQ5N2U1YS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmJhMzk3OGNhY2M5OTQzYjY4MGI0Yjk4Y2UyNDk3ZTVhXzI2Mg_34948a1a-30c3-47ed-8d21-ce1812509fe3


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTIvZnJhZzpiYTM5NzhjYWNjOTk0M2I2ODBiNGI5OGNlMjQ5N2U1YS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmJhMzk3OGNhY2M5OTQzYjY4MGI0Yjk4Y2UyNDk3ZTVhXzI2Ng_3d83b462-511b-4292-909c-71d5f69eb9e2


      contextRef=i74569434e24f44199b96141927e65a71_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTIvZnJhZzpiYTM5NzhjYWNjOTk0M2I2ODBiNGI5OGNlMjQ5N2U1YS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmJhMzk3OGNhY2M5OTQzYjY4MGI0Yjk4Y2UyNDk3ZTVhXzYzNA_9ea707b6-5314-4c8b-96d8-a40b0c734ccf


      contextRef=i85ffe7cf42a04b848ff8f450a1bc1895_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTIvZnJhZzpiYTM5NzhjYWNjOTk0M2I2ODBiNGI5OGNlMjQ5N2U1YS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmJhMzk3OGNhY2M5OTQzYjY4MGI0Yjk4Y2UyNDk3ZTVhXzY4OA_72094e9d-0ad7-40c0-aa14-d43ba299e220


      contextRef=i81b6059bf0b24a488aa9fb4b15c09752_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTIvZnJhZzpiYTM5NzhjYWNjOTk0M2I2ODBiNGI5OGNlMjQ5N2U1YS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmJhMzk3OGNhY2M5OTQzYjY4MGI0Yjk4Y2UyNDk3ZTVhXzcyMg_fda6e16e-49d8-402b-950f-c5fe0cd770ff


      contextRef=id2b7b91848364a409b6afe65c120f3c3_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTIvZnJhZzpiYTM5NzhjYWNjOTk0M2I2ODBiNGI5OGNlMjQ5N2U1YS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmJhMzk3OGNhY2M5OTQzYjY4MGI0Yjk4Y2UyNDk3ZTVhXzc1OQ_31f42c56-3576-4271-bf9e-a526ea99a6ef


      contextRef=id6b3e3ecc3e9479d85cbd2f85ac8722b_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTIvZnJhZzpiYTM5NzhjYWNjOTk0M2I2ODBiNGI5OGNlMjQ5N2U1YS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmJhMzk3OGNhY2M5OTQzYjY4MGI0Yjk4Y2UyNDk3ZTVhXzc2Ng_9c480196-a53c-4b70-9755-4751007fb0fb


      contextRef=i85ffe7cf42a04b848ff8f450a1bc1895_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTIvZnJhZzpiYTM5NzhjYWNjOTk0M2I2ODBiNGI5OGNlMjQ5N2U1YS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmJhMzk3OGNhY2M5OTQzYjY4MGI0Yjk4Y2UyNDk3ZTVhXzg1MQ_cfd67a3c-8802-49e9-a521-c297b5430c2c


      contextRef=idb2046f1e12e4c6b85c06ae1092a95e1_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTIvZnJhZzpiYTM5NzhjYWNjOTk0M2I2ODBiNGI5OGNlMjQ5N2U1YS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmJhMzk3OGNhY2M5OTQzYjY4MGI0Yjk4Y2UyNDk3ZTVhXzg2OA_c9c65d27-9ff3-4173-b901-0ecc9f650d23


      contextRef=i8cca114d81d04ebeb092b503b9404db9_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTIvZnJhZzpiYTM5NzhjYWNjOTk0M2I2ODBiNGI5OGNlMjQ5N2U1YS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmJhMzk3OGNhY2M5OTQzYjY4MGI0Yjk4Y2UyNDk3ZTVhXzg4OQ_e260ad55-1ca1-4374-b5dd-6e7525c1df21


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 2005
 the shareholders of the Company approved the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan (the &#x201c;Plan&#x201d;). The Plan allows the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors to grant certain incentive awards including stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 and other similar awards. The Company was authorized to award up to 2
250
000 shares under the Plan. On February&#160;17
 2011
 the shareholders approved changes to the plan to increase the shares that may be issued under the plan from 2
250
000 to 3
500
000 shares and to increase the number of shares that may be granted in the form of restricted stock from 562
500 to 1
562
500 shares. On February 11
 2016
 the shareholders approved the authorization of an additional 700
000 shares issuable under the plan
 for a total of 4
200
000 authorized shares. The shareholders also approved an increase in the number of shares issuable as restricted stock from 1
562
500 to 2
112
500 shares. On February 13
 2020
 the shareholders approved the authorization of an additional 600
000 shares issuable under the plan
 for a total of 4
800
000 authorized shares
 while the number of shares issuable as restricted stock remained stable. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Pursuant to the Plan
 the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors approves agreements for the issuance of restricted stock to directors
 executive officers and other key employees. Restricted stock granted in fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 vests &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzExNzc_3d7ecfc1-e808-4d47-8bcd-928af311627c&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzExNzc_c8e62a9e-f7bd-4fd9-a6f8-0dc22217c403&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzExNzc_d6de5b78-9cd6-4a74-abed-1360928e7907&gt;three&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/span&gt; to four years from the date of grant. The vesting schedule is accelerated upon death
 disability
 the participant&#x2019;s termination of employment after reaching retirement eligibility by reason of retirement
 or upon a change in control
 as defined in the Plan. Restricted stock grants are valued based upon the closing market price of the Company&#x2019;s common stock on the date of grant and are recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. Compensation expense related to restricted stock grants totaled $9.0 million
 $8.4 million and $7.5 million during fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018

 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;301




 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;279




 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;284




 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;260

478 unvested shares as of October&#160;31
 2020
 that will be recognized over a weighted average period of 1 year
 6 months. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Also pursuant to the Plan
 the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors approves Management Share Purchase Plan agreements (the &#x201c;Purchase Plan&#x201d;) that authorize the issuance of shares of restricted stock to the Company&#x2019;s directors
 executive officers and &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;other key employees. Pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 non-employee directors may elect to receive up to 100 percent of their annual retainer and meeting fees in the form of restricted stock. Other participants may elect to receive up to 15 percent of their salary and up to 75 percent of any bonus earned in the form of restricted stock. The purchase price of the restricted stock is the closing market price of the Company&#x2019;s common stock on the date of purchase. The Company makes matching contributions of 25 percent of the restricted shares purchased by participants. Restricted stock issued pursuant to the Purchase Plan vests after three years or immediately upon death
 disability
 or change in control
 as defined. If an employee terminates employment after attaining eligibility for retirement
 or a non-employee director retires upon the expiration of his or her board term
 the participant&#x2019;s Purchase Plan shares vest immediately. If a participant&#x2019;s employment or service as a director is terminated for any other reason prior to the three-year vesting period
 the participant forfeits the matching contribution and the Company may
 at its option
 repurchase restricted stock purchased by the participant at the price paid by the participant. Matching contributions are recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 the participants purchased a total of 9
134; 7
350; and 10
697 shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 valued at an average price of $128.70
 $128.20
 and $123.45
 per share
 respectively
 and the Company issued 2
185; 1
741; and 2
565 matching shares
 valued at an average price of $128.70
 $128.20
 and $123.45 per share
 respectively. During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 the participants vested in a total of 12
206; 17
142; and 17
040 shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 valued at an average price of $116.20
 $89.08
 and $80.38
 per share
 respectively. During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 the participants forfeited a total of 68; 321; and 259 shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 respectively. Compensation expense related to the Company&#x2019;s matching contribution totaled approximately $229
000
 $351
000 and $289
000 in fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 the Company entered into performance share agreements that grant certain officers and key employees the right to receive shares of the Company&#x2019;s common stock
 subject to the Company&#x2019;s achievement of certain performance measures. The performance share agreements specify a target number of shares that a participant can receive based upon the Company&#x2019;s average return on equity and average return on sales
 as defined
 during a two-year performance period beginning November&#160;1 of each performance period. Although the performance share agreements have a two-year performance period
 they are subject to an additional one year period during which the participant must remain employed by the Company before they are paid out. If the Company&#x2019;s average return on equity and average return on sales meet or exceed certain threshold amounts for the performance period
 participants will receive 50 percent to 200 percent of the target number of shares
 depending upon the Company&#x2019;s level of performance. Accruals for performance shares begin during the period management determines that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria is probable at some level. In estimating the probability of the number of shares that will be awarded
 the Company considers
 among other factors
 current and projected grain costs and chicken volumes and pricing
 as well as the amount of the Company's commitments to procure grain at a fixed price throughout the performance period. Due to the high level of volatility of these commodity prices and the impact that the change in pricing can have on the Company&#x2019;s results
 the Company&#x2019;s assessment of probability can change from period to period and can result in a significant revision to the amounts accrued related to the arrangements
 as the accruals are adjusted using the cumulative catch-up method of accounting.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The target number of shares specified in the performance share agreements entered into on November 1
 2019 totaled 56
575.  As of October 31
 2020
 the Company could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria is probable due to actual operating results for the first year of the two-year performance period falling below threshold levels
 and the uncertainties discussed above
 and therefore recorded no compensation expense related to those agreements. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company also has performance share agreements in place with certain officers and key employees that were entered into on November 1
 2018. The two-year performance period for those agreements has ended
 and the Company's operating results during the period did not meet the threshold levels; therefore
 no compensation expense was recorded related to those agreements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors determined that the performance share agreements entered into on November 1
 2017
 were earned at a level between the threshold and target levels for the return on sales criterion and that the threshold level for the return on equity criterion was not achieved. Accordingly
 fiscal 2020 includes compensation expense of $0.7&#160;million
 related to those agreements
 as compared to $1.3&#160;million during fiscal 2019. Because management's initial determination of probability was made during fiscal 2019
 and because the accrual is made using the cumulative catch up method
 the compensation expense recorded during fiscal 2019 related to the agreements entered into on November 1
 2017
 was greater than that recorded during fiscal 2020. On October 31
 2020
 a total of 13
055 shares from the agreements entered into on November 1
 2017 vested
 and those shares were issued on November 2
 2020. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Had the Company determined that it was probable that the maximum amount of those outstanding awards from the agreements entered into on November 1
 2019 would be earned
 an additional $6.0 million would have been accrued as of October&#160;31

 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;October 31
 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;October 31
 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;November 1
 2015&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;145

341&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;November 1
 2016&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;84

504&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5
238&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;November 1
 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;13





579&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;Note (1) - As of October 31
 2020
 the Company could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance-based criteria is probable for the agreements entered into on November 1
 2019 due to operating results to date and the uncertainties discussed above


      contextRef=i4bec0e919c7f4aaeb34ee128250794de_I20050217
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM5NA_bc28b6d2-9238-45da-a585-6608e487c448


      contextRef=i4bec0e919c7f4aaeb34ee128250794de_I20050217
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzU1MA_9cc4677a-9b06-4bd5-a140-a6ca1e249010


      contextRef=i6cd42933663e4ccdb076c70161d72219_I20110217
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzU1Ng_7c992f59-da5a-473a-8957-ea51c6baf583


      contextRef=i9d5993785ee54704ad5729edcef5c2f2_I20050217
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzY2MA_e8a3162f-4313-4585-9e19-9e7be0822322


      contextRef=i2cfefd94dd20419088bba7b3dbf78603_I20110217
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzY2Ng_a7ec5784-030a-4a35-85a3-1c068676cdfb


      contextRef=ic299c697767f495ebb81993b6450ad13_D20160211-20160211
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzc2MA_34cd97ea-0525-4767-95c4-e93c35ed6c78


      contextRef=i7888d1435f72439cbac39739026716c1_I20160211
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzgxMA_bfa7b385-a41d-4bf5-a5cc-78cbd00c823b


      contextRef=i2cfefd94dd20419088bba7b3dbf78603_I20110217
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzkzMw_c97764b9-d633-4978-82b3-bfc22051676a


      contextRef=i1d33b7b2c12947caa5903506a49ab8f2_I20160211
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzkzOQ_3f3e6a05-a2e3-44aa-b874-3c0477147b71


      contextRef=idfc053b0891a4677903a859e720358c0_D20200213-20200213
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzQ5NDc4MDIzMzY3OTQ_05ec1b26-df6a-4b6b-bea2-2191e0c566aa


      contextRef=i6fddf4f6705b4b2385b16d3266a31a47_I20200213
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzQ5NDc4MDIzMzY4MDM_7bf32ce6-815f-4110-8681-3cd7fea2a3f3


      contextRef=i7d74c12e68494fecbb65097c4cd8f8d1_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=ic8d169e3deae480a8802d505b1542f22_D20181101-20191031


      contextRef=ib4ac6be1bd4c444897caeada52ef68a0_D20171101-20181031


      contextRef=i3a54572bf9e6441b8da9c44efccced8b_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzE2OTA_07e855a9-c613-4901-a5d8-6f5cbf808b59


      contextRef=if80c939e7bba4c248a76bc8c93835e86_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzE2OTQ_fc82b39b-d427-4858-9ba3-96a270b712de


      contextRef=if0e8c0b0d65944e1bd64626f166282bb_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzE3MDE_8a546d85-7f16-4010-8a2a-4fccb3272f54


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;301




 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;279




 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;284




 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;260


      contextRef=ic4f2c68249ac4fc7b7feb3039277843c_I20171031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzEtMS0xLTEtMA_831a0bcb-32f7-4914-ac6b-d132ad5df0bf


      contextRef=ic4f2c68249ac4fc7b7feb3039277843c_I20171031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzEtMy0xLTEtMA_7827e359-b865-446f-942c-3cfc225bf07e


      contextRef=if0e8c0b0d65944e1bd64626f166282bb_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzItMS0xLTEtMA_c8ccbafe-ae95-4ccd-a86a-fcc69e6061b9


      contextRef=if0e8c0b0d65944e1bd64626f166282bb_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzItMy0xLTEtMA_bac04656-b4cc-4ad3-9253-7bc81d50da8f


      contextRef=if0e8c0b0d65944e1bd64626f166282bb_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_e1661530-b65f-4a2d-997d-ed503409d3a4


      contextRef=if0e8c0b0d65944e1bd64626f166282bb_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_8af6e339-a369-4faf-bde0-82729b34cab1


      contextRef=if0e8c0b0d65944e1bd64626f166282bb_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_7cb739e8-bc09-4213-9247-0c3de315b0d1


      contextRef=if0e8c0b0d65944e1bd64626f166282bb_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_48f3d6e8-083a-4f34-86e3-0823baf621f5


      contextRef=i5fd3a3c31b5442efa78ff3c55ee855a7_I20181031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_d4f34ba0-7a06-4763-aef6-8894a1c41707


      contextRef=i5fd3a3c31b5442efa78ff3c55ee855a7_I20181031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_8acbc5bf-94fb-4bf1-9345-70294c7c3eb0


      contextRef=if80c939e7bba4c248a76bc8c93835e86_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_00275293-54d2-4d8a-a59a-de99aa3fe338


      contextRef=if80c939e7bba4c248a76bc8c93835e86_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_afc16b30-9a1f-45c3-a61b-74eabab8974a


      contextRef=if80c939e7bba4c248a76bc8c93835e86_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzctMS0xLTEtMA_f047057f-9902-4664-9c47-b75085149202


      contextRef=if80c939e7bba4c248a76bc8c93835e86_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzctMy0xLTEtMA_108b9eb8-4e45-4722-a8b7-ef1480b900f9


      contextRef=if80c939e7bba4c248a76bc8c93835e86_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_088c482d-ca78-4773-a275-1fa2562e3943


      contextRef=if80c939e7bba4c248a76bc8c93835e86_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_7b62d5e4-fdb9-4947-9361-bc26ebd9d0e0


      contextRef=i9c34fe7e3cf1441cae4d3f6584b27c51_I20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzktMS0xLTEtMA_32805b8f-db3c-410e-910e-50bb3f7040de


      contextRef=i9c34fe7e3cf1441cae4d3f6584b27c51_I20191031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzktMy0xLTEtMA_61fef9e9-5e6a-4941-835c-88e766a1528b


      contextRef=i3a54572bf9e6441b8da9c44efccced8b_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_64bb721e-4400-4626-8ba2-5393581a0331


      contextRef=i3a54572bf9e6441b8da9c44efccced8b_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_0acd6560-fba5-49f5-bc71-5adb0b2b4cfb


      contextRef=i3a54572bf9e6441b8da9c44efccced8b_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzExLTEtMS0xLTA_10050feb-1ef6-41e0-8abf-7dcd7bd50fb6


      contextRef=i3a54572bf9e6441b8da9c44efccced8b_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_e4cddf26-c0e3-4893-8fe4-a0451729dd3c


      contextRef=i3a54572bf9e6441b8da9c44efccced8b_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_a993c7ac-e472-4873-a0ea-d4fa1fd7c456


      contextRef=i3a54572bf9e6441b8da9c44efccced8b_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzEyLTMtMS0xLTA_e6704c69-a52e-4870-b9c7-eb1c4f1996b2


      contextRef=i437ded594d6e4379a8b6f125a71cd338_I20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzEzLTEtMS0xLTA_8f684d98-8583-49fe-90e2-fdc03cb96d41


      contextRef=i437ded594d6e4379a8b6f125a71cd338_I20201031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo0ZDMwOTNlY2YyOGE0ZmE4YWY4NmQ5ZTY1NmI1YjhiMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMzA5M2VjZjI4YTRmYThhZjg2ZDllNjU2YjViOGIzXzEzLTMtMS0xLTA_b14eaefd-3823-4ab9-83a8-f6a5d4c072f0


      contextRef=i437ded594d6e4379a8b6f125a71cd338_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzE4NTc_1924c583-7b96-4e0a-a01f-7b6e8c98645a


      contextRef=i437ded594d6e4379a8b6f125a71cd338_I20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzE5MjI_8f684d98-8583-49fe-90e2-fdc03cb96d41


      contextRef=i3a54572bf9e6441b8da9c44efccced8b_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=i695ade6a875541df81d915af031445f7_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzIzNTg_717b7690-bdea-46ab-b002-9bb1dd915234


      contextRef=i110cd893f11a4ff18f44ecc98955ee35_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzI0ODI_ad018e73-4262-4cd8-8944-da0e9dc06c1d


      contextRef=i370c026b0a2e483ebcff6352bde953ed_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzI1MTE_78f25c35-6aed-49cd-bffc-52faa9e6a851


      contextRef=ib0350aab506e4a9d8da2f239b986fbb5_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzI3Mzc_afbb7ec8-4487-4664-ab87-7165b0bc79e9


      contextRef=i7ae5ed718e2a4bd8b0f6f648d99582a2_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=i7ae5ed718e2a4bd8b0f6f648d99582a2_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=i7ae5ed718e2a4bd8b0f6f648d99582a2_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM2MjI_01f93e9d-7036-4eb0-8389-0d9d2c72516d


      contextRef=i8124625587904c899fda5ced2375c524_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM2MjY_bbb51481-e237-49d8-bb44-39a897d25c8b


      contextRef=i17a9e978f9a24ed280074f8833fc6231_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM2MzQ_7dc577ed-cdb9-489f-ae9a-e5e2ffa5fe3b


      contextRef=i9601815bc2d14a8cb0acaaf924b70b30_I20201031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM3MjU_71f1a63d-61c8-4fa7-a9e1-23da986024b7


      contextRef=ibfd1ef03e5b54f3f9cc40d097fec9687_I20191031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM3Mjk_f8f312ee-a713-4365-9e8a-8ca73dc82c06


      contextRef=i36e12c25a3c9478993b5bd7107285584_I20181031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM3Mzc_45b8ac86-3264-47cb-8623-f57b4fc890d7


      contextRef=i0a4578051b2f4c27ac16d833e9545f3e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM3ODk_1063bc92-32ca-4e27-87e4-f1a8f1c62ab1


      contextRef=i252a7eeeb56f4e60965ca8ca6aa6a0b4_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM3OTM_a0ecef3c-8402-4a2a-bbe8-426fb74732b2


      contextRef=i60da4c7cc97b41e5927fac7dd9935058_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM4MDE_efd3ae54-9437-4a1b-98b4-e23704a3dace


      contextRef=i1948bb523a2c40ef99274d8f2a25530b_I20201031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM4NDgyOTA3MDkxODM_b4899cd3-f539-452a-b631-b1c6134749bc


      contextRef=i941a425472bf4c529fa75ce4dd972b69_I20191031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM4NDgyOTA3MDkxOTI_d8f4f0bb-c04a-499b-86e8-a31fd93886d3


      contextRef=i0e6cfdc2f5ab4002900b297d65aaa6ce_I20181031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM4NDgyOTA3MDkyMDE_91016f94-0be3-4851-b35d-4eebd70a08c7


      contextRef=i7ae5ed718e2a4bd8b0f6f648d99582a2_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM5NTg_e954e4f2-66f6-4b01-8a9e-d5573a55fa90


      contextRef=i8124625587904c899fda5ced2375c524_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM5NjI_4ea71818-26cc-4cb6-8ac5-891f504e90e9


      contextRef=i17a9e978f9a24ed280074f8833fc6231_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzM5NzA_2383dd79-8504-4e6c-b145-c857f9aa8530


      contextRef=i7ae5ed718e2a4bd8b0f6f648d99582a2_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzQwNjE_315540f8-273e-4587-8324-10b7841b592c


      contextRef=i8124625587904c899fda5ced2375c524_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzQwNjU_f3f0107f-6270-4fbe-be6a-c8f917d01c56


      contextRef=i17a9e978f9a24ed280074f8833fc6231_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzQwNzM_3711832a-88d1-427a-ad5e-00f5c76fac48


      contextRef=i7ae5ed718e2a4bd8b0f6f648d99582a2_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzQxNjk_e0d51fb8-789c-44c2-afef-f0622493dddc


      contextRef=i8124625587904c899fda5ced2375c524_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzQxNzM_9d15e577-9406-4c1c-a00f-01215eb38a65


      contextRef=i17a9e978f9a24ed280074f8833fc6231_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzQxODE_4e148f39-31e6-4ca6-b2f2-0d0e93529281


      contextRef=ib0350aab506e4a9d8da2f239b986fbb5_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzQzNDY_5ab39bcc-ae55-4c59-8fb4-52b34fa95301


      contextRef=i55a5a9b73dc0430e831d63d75217aaab_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzQzNTA_44f8f290-eed4-4d31-8026-b2f0d9e64a85


      contextRef=i34d03a63a66f4e80a6173c81f1e6cc13_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzQzNTc_d168bc23-4b2c-4cbd-b7f4-1d6f79e143aa


      contextRef=i62d14f6da01e44fb8d609fb4521488a0_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=i04e7aa5d23c847e289f27c738de66c0c_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=i796aecd82ffd4c99bd87cdfc81432fb2_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=i478c355819fc4883829f84b6c570c71c_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=ib4ae599003b94c5fb654fb0b5e0cfd91_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=i4c0870294f734293b8040e1364cee7a1_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzUzMDU_994720eb-a36a-4fad-8ba5-59c69474bc6e


      contextRef=ia01b15e6149b45c6bee3790d76ed4add_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzUzMTE_7960d05b-0be6-48f2-a075-4efd461474f1


      contextRef=ia47143cac9544b879803f91b25f6b984_D20191101-20191101
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzYzNzI_395037cc-293a-41a7-9b20-637655724aed


      contextRef=i8432ee6acd304c0fa6c9441bbf576170_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=i8432ee6acd304c0fa6c9441bbf576170_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzQ5NDc4MDIzMzY4MjA_7a31f981-e1db-468b-8c27-2849d4e53a03


      contextRef=i59c7454a4d6c4a00b4eb1426c63aba7a_D20191101-20201031


      contextRef=i59c7454a4d6c4a00b4eb1426c63aba7a_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzQ5NDc4MDIzMzY4Mjg_ffd15e46-1466-4492-ab13-223b61c20dc2


      contextRef=icd34b414236841dfa096d17584dbeda4_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzEwOTk1MTE2Mzk2OTA_edbc8973-42da-4930-a462-574c6af19526


      contextRef=ib2c88751e15d4a138f8440d4dba5fdc1_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzEwOTk1MTE2Mzk3MDQ_2280ebb8-5fd2-487a-afda-7cda6407ee39


      contextRef=i80da7aadce4c41d49b00e028f6a10de9_I20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzg3OTE_93d851b9-66f7-4df4-984b-9011833026f1


      contextRef=i65e007d61488475dae9a5764fdd12915_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmIyZTQ4ZjQwOWM3ZTRhYjFhNGNhOTY0MjFiOTgyMGNiXzkwODM_0bc02f0d-5783-467c-a146-3c1d2d610022


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;October 31
 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;October 31
 2018&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;November 1
 2015&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;145

341&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;November 1
 2016&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;84

504&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5
238&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;November 1
 2017&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;13





579&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;Note (1) - As of October 31
 2020
 the Company could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance-based criteria is probable for the agreements entered into on November 1
 2019 due to operating results to date and the uncertainties discussed above


      contextRef=i31fdc69fbad24e7a98a1ed81d8ba5d34_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzItMS0xLTEtMA_aea6ada8-5290-4f89-a37b-89a6e099c309


      contextRef=i31fdc69fbad24e7a98a1ed81d8ba5d34_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzItMy0xLTEtMA_eb92fdc6-3ed0-4ce6-abef-63349c7f0ac6


      contextRef=ie3bc6b70fed844f6aa4084f450b6b4e9_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzItNS0xLTEtMA_9e1b6b89-f53f-4261-9455-9fe280ee52cb


      contextRef=i9f55e0eeebbf463a82a0d4cb106ef90f_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzItNy0xLTEtMA_a8c15285-9102-4a54-a00e-13c71a830675


      contextRef=i9410f71ed89946c7bac638830889d1b1_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzMtMS0xLTEtMA_54eea3c1-6e26-4073-90e8-dc00d499e924


      contextRef=i9410f71ed89946c7bac638830889d1b1_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzMtMy0xLTEtMA_a089c85a-7ab5-4e99-967e-119e9ac08e7d


      contextRef=i84199453a10d415baa4264124d067b88_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzMtNS0xLTEtMA_3f1b5459-e60f-48f3-8ec5-429c22fb55ef


      contextRef=ia1a6439567204ba0b365ede792359e16_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzMtNy0xLTEtMA_abedcc2d-b37b-4eeb-842b-dc21a7b79f0d


      contextRef=ib2c88751e15d4a138f8440d4dba5fdc1_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzQtMS0xLTEtMA_1749a4bb-018a-4b54-acb3-bce45ec1b153


      contextRef=icd34b414236841dfa096d17584dbeda4_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzQtMy0xLTEtMA_887c9b66-5114-4251-aa1c-b9f24d69bff7


      contextRef=ib2c88751e15d4a138f8440d4dba5fdc1_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzQtNS0xLTEtMA_faa20a2b-4dd2-4303-a88a-cbf5feecf416


      contextRef=i89986350eb20463989233f534e041472_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzQtNy0xLTEtMA_33771a54-07f3-4eab-a415-20b08db7f220


      contextRef=i59c7454a4d6c4a00b4eb1426c63aba7a_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzUtMS0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjVmYTcxYmRlMDQ1ODQ1N2M4OGE4MmNjNGQ3Nzk4Nzc3XzQzOTgwNDY1MTExMTQ_f926c386-621e-4b24-adfb-d5eabe585d48


      contextRef=i59c7454a4d6c4a00b4eb1426c63aba7a_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzUtMy0xLTEtMA_abe95a77-e8de-42de-b499-6c5acaca443b


      contextRef=idc19d8ca9f64496f97c78e62cefeaa9d_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzUtNS0xLTEtMA_a135c8eb-96ba-4a41-b55d-d3b364ec15c8


      contextRef=i1223a09c05ff44e596cf310065c7e3f6_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzUtNy0xLTEtMA_5330e9e3-0f0e-42a6-8221-630e6080853e


      contextRef=i8432ee6acd304c0fa6c9441bbf576170_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzYtMS0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJiNzY2YTg5MDBlMzRkNTFiNjY3MDdkNzNhM2UxODkyXzQzOTgwNDY1MTExMTA_8bead599-d1d2-4f3e-bc24-5abc832557dc


      contextRef=i8432ee6acd304c0fa6c9441bbf576170_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzYtMy0xLTEtMA_6bc3d7d3-20a4-410a-bfe4-7a8f2cdd2565


      contextRef=i9b421e09649e4ef092e6990faca3f34e_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzYtNS0xLTEtMA_26fa23f3-a916-463a-bc6f-5f3ed44dec03


      contextRef=i0f401aee62a94bb0ac6f071528a17aec_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzYtNy0xLTEtMA_293ee272-170a-4558-bde1-5649987e2df3


      contextRef=ib4ae599003b94c5fb654fb0b5e0cfd91_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzctMy0xLTEtMA_5d38a15b-433b-477c-9f94-a76b4f573b5c


      contextRef=i88a33a0164ad4472a50db03089a8ce00_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzctNS0xLTEtMA_14c17dd3-147f-452d-b43c-829ffe1e2d30


      contextRef=i10d7729fa05f458b88c057e3f9b2920d_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTUvZnJhZzpiMmU0OGY0MDljN2U0YWIxYTRjYTk2NDIxYjk4MjBjYi90YWJsZTo2Y2QwZjI3YzhhYzU0MmM2YjFmNTIwZDdjYmIxODA3Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZjZDBmMjdjOGFjNTQyYzZiMWY1MjBkN2NiYjE4MDc2XzctNy0xLTEtMA_b7ea683c-b7ab-48e9-a707-b466b2d3e051


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

445 employees as of October 31
 2020
 approximately 2

 2020
 the Company&#x2019;s estimated outstanding contractual obligations for feed grains
 feed ingredients
 packaging supplies
 construction projects and new equipment totaled $108.5 million

 2016 and October 13
 2016
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants
 along with 13 other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies
 in multiple putative class action lawsuits filed by direct and indirect purchasers of broiler chickens in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The complaints allege that the defendants conspired to unlawfully fix
 raise
 maintain
 and stabilize the price of broiler chickens
 thereby violating federal and certain states&#x2019; antitrust laws
 and also allege certain related state-law claims. The complaints also allege that the defendants fraudulently concealed the alleged anticompetitive conduct in furtherance of the conspiracy. The complaints seek damages
 including treble damages for the antitrust claims
 injunctive relief
 costs
 and attorneys&#x2019; fees. As detailed below
 the Court has consolidated all of the direct purchaser complaints into one case
 and the indirect purchaser complaints into two cases

 2016
 the direct and indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed consolidated
 amended complaints
 and on November 23
 2016
 the direct and indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed second amended complaints. On December 16
 2016
 the indirect purchaser plaintiffs separated into two cases. On that date
 the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint
 and the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed an amended complaint.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On January 27
 2017
 the defendants filed motions to dismiss the amended complaints in all of the cases
 and on November 20
 2017
 the motions to dismiss were denied. On February 7
 2018
 the direct purchaser plaintiffs filed their third amended complaint
 adding three additional poultry producers as defendants. On February 12
 2018
 the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed their second amended complaint
 in which they also added three additional poultry producers as defendants
 along with Agri Stats
 Inc. On February 20
 2018
 the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their fourth amended complaint. On November 13
 2018
 the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their fifth amended complaint
 adding three additional poultry producers as defendants. On November 28
 2018
 the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed their third amended complaint. On January 15
 2019
 the direct purchaser plaintiffs filed their fourth amended complaint
 and the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their sixth amended complaint. Both the direct purchaser plaintiffs and the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs added two new poultry producers as defendants
 as well as Agri Stats
 Inc. On August 6
 2020
 the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed a motion for leave to file a fifth amended complaint. The Court granted the end-user consumer plaintiffs&#x2019; motion on September 22
 2020 and deemed the version of the complaint filed on August 7
 2020 operative on October 19
 2020. On October 23
 2020
 the direct purchaser plaintiffs filed their fifth amended complaint and the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their seventh amended complaint.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Between December 8
 2017 and December 4
 2020
 additional purported direct-purchaser entities individually brought fifty-five separate suits against 20 poultry producers
 including Sanderson Farms and Agri Stats
 Inc.
 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois
 the United States District Court for the District of Kansas
 the United States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas
 and the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. These suits allege substantially similar claims to the direct purchaser class complaint described above; certain of the suits additionally allege related state-law and common-law claims
 and related claims under federal and Georgia RICO statutes. Four complaints filed on June 12
 2020 and another complaint amended on July 24
 2020
 also plead allegations of federal bid rigging. Those suits filed in the Northern District of Illinois are now pending in front of the same judge as the putative class action lawsuits. On June 26
 2018
 the defendants filed a motion to transfer the case filed in the District of Kansas to the Northern District of Illinois
 and that motion was granted on September 13
 2018. On June 7
 2019
 the plaintiffs filed a motion to transfer the case filed in the Western District of Arkansas to the Northern District of Illinois
 and that motion was granted on June 11
 2019. On July 24
 2019
 one of the defendants filed a motion to transfer the case filed in the District of Puerto Rico to the Northern District of Illinois
 and that motion was granted on July 25
 2019. On July 22
 2019
 the Company moved to dismiss in part those direct-purchaser complaints that allege claims under federal and Georgia RICO statutes against it. The motion was fully briefed on September 20
 2019
 and the Court heard argument on the motion on December 18
 2019. On March 3
 2020
 the Court denied the Company's motion. On October 18
 2019
 defendants moved to dismiss the case filed by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico on its behalf and on behalf of its citizens. The motion was fully briefed on January 21
 2020. On July 15
 2020
 the Court dismissed Puerto Rico's claims on behalf of its citizens. On July 2
 2020 and August 6
 2020
 certain defendants
 including the Company

 2020 and August 20
 2020. Defendants filed replies on August 20
 2020 and September 3
 2020. On September 22
 2020
 the Court ordered that plaintiffs&#x2019; bid-rigging allegations are bifurcated and any discovery on such claims is stayed until plaintiffs&#x2019; supply reduction and Georgia Dock theories are resolved. On October 20
 2020
 certain direct action plaintiffs filed a motion for leave to amend their complaints. On October 23
 2020
 the direct action plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint. Defendants filed an opposition to certain direct action plaintiffs&#x2019; motion to amend on November 4
 2020. Briefing was completed on November 16
 2020. The motion remains pending.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On October 30
 2020
 direct purchaser plaintiffs
 commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs
 and end-user consumer plaintiffs filed motions for class certification. Defendants' oppositions to class certification are due January 22
 2021. Class plaintiffs' replies in support of class certification are due March 15
 2021. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The parties are currently engaged in discovery
 subject to the COVID-19-related delays discussed below. It is possible additional individual actions may be filed. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Since March 16
 2020
 given the current COVID-19 public health emergency
 the Northern District of Illinois issued three orders extending all deadlines in civil cases by 21 days
 28 days and 28 days
 respectively
 and five orders that did not extend any deadlines
 but explained other court procedures to protect the public health and welfare. These orders apply to the litigation described above. The Northern District of Illinois will vacate
 amend or extend the Eighth Amended General Order on or before January 25

 Antitrust Division
 a subpoena that included a request to produce all discovery in the case to a grand jury. On June 27
 2019

 as well as ordered certain discovery stayed until September 27
 2019. Before the discovery stay expired on September 27
 2019

 2019
 the Court granted the additional stay of not less than three months. On October 16
 2019
 after further consideration
 the Court extended the stay until June 27
 2020. On December 18
 2019
 the Court after further consideration ordered that the stay be lifted on March 31
 2020.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company received a grand jury subpoena in connection with the United States Department of Justice Antitrust Division investigation on September 9
 2019. The Company is complying with the subpoena and providing documents and information as requested by the Department of Justice in connection with its investigation.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;State of New Mexico
 ex rel. Hector Balderas v. Koch Foods Inc.
 et al.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On September 1
 2020
 the Attorney General of the State of New Mexico filed a lawsuit in New Mexico state court against Agri Stats
 Inc. and producer defendants
 including the Company. The case brings claims under the New Mexico Antitrust Act and New Mexico Unfair Trade Practices Act
 as well as a common law unjust enrichment claim.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;We intend to continue to defend the lawsuits vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail or the Department of Justice were to pursue charges
 the Company could be liable for damages or other sanctions
 which could have a material

 2017
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants
 along with four other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies
 in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. On March 27
 2017
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants
 along with four other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies
 in a second putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. The Court ordered the suits consolidated into one proceeding
 and on July 10
 2017
 the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint. The consolidated amended complaint alleges that the defendants unlawfully conspired by sharing data on compensation paid to broiler farmers
 with the purpose and effect of suppressing the farmers&#x2019; compensation below competitive levels. The consolidated amended complaint also alleges that the defendants unlawfully conspired to not solicit or hire the broiler farmers who were providing services to other defendants. The consolidated amended complaint seeks treble damages
 costs and attorneys&#x2019; fees. On September 8
 2017
 the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint
 on October 23
 2017
 the plaintiffs filed their response
 and on November 22
 2017
 the defendants filed a reply. On January 19
 2018
 the Court granted the Sanderson Farms defendants&#x2019; motion to dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction.  &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On February 21
 2018
 the plaintiffs filed a substantially similar lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina against Sanderson Farms and our subsidiaries and another poultry producer. The plaintiffs subsequently moved to consolidate this action with the Eastern District of Oklahoma action in the Eastern District of Oklahoma for pre-trial proceedings
 with the defendants in support thereof. That motion was denied. On July 13
 2018
 the defendants moved to dismiss the lawsuit in the Eastern District of North Carolina
 and briefing was completed on September 4
 2018. On January 15
 2019
 the Court granted in part the defendants&#x2019; motion to dismiss and stayed the action in the Eastern District of North Carolina pending resolution of the action in the Eastern District of Oklahoma. On January 6
 2020
 the Court in the Eastern District of Oklahoma denied defendants&#x2019; motion to dismiss. On January 27
 2020
 plaintiffs in the Oklahoma case moved for leave to amend their complaint. The Court in the Eastern District of Oklahoma granted the plaintiffs' motion
 and the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint on February 21
 2020. The Oklahoma case is ongoing. On May 27
 2020
 the Company moved to dismiss the action in the Eastern District of North Carolina under the first-to-file rule. Plaintiffs filed their opposition on June 17
 2020
 and the Company filed its reply on July 1
 2020. The motion is fully briefed and awaiting the Court's decision. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On September 11
 2020
 additional named grower plaintiffs filed an identical putative class action in the District Court of Colorado against Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and its Foods
 Production
 and Processing Divisions
 as well as the other poultry producer defendants in the Oklahoma action. On October 14
 2020
 Defendants moved to dismiss the case under the first-to-file doctrine because it is substantively identical to the earlier-filed cases pending in Oklahoma and North Carolina. Briefing on that motion was completed on December 16
 2020.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On September 18
 2020
 another named grower plaintiff filed another duplicate class action in the District Court of Kansas against the same defendants as the Colorado action. On October 13
 2020
 Defendants moved to dismiss the case under the first-to-file doctrine because it is substantively identical to the earlier-filed cases pending in Oklahoma
 North Carolina
 and Colorado. Briefing on that motion was completed on December 15
 2020. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On October 8
 2020
 new named grower plaintiffs filed another duplicate class action in the Northern District of California against the same defendants as the Colorado and Kansas actions. The Company waived service of the Complaint on December 11
 2020.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On October 23
 2020
 the District Court of Kansas stayed proceedings in that action (other than those related to the first-to-file motion) pending resolution of the first-to-file motion and the multi-district litigation (MDL) consolidation motion discussed below. On November 12
 2020
 the District Court of Colorado stayed proceeding in that action (other than those related to the first-to-file motion) pending resolution of the first-to-file motion and the MDL consolidation motion discussed below.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On October 6
 2020
 Plaintiffs in the Oklahoma action moved to consolidate all of these duplicative cases into a MDL before the judge presiding over the Oklahoma case. Briefing on that motion was completed on November 6
 2020
 and oral argument on the motion occurred on December 3
 2020. On December 15
 2020
 the panel ordered that all actions be consolidated in the Eastern District of Oklahoma for pretrial proceedings. Given the panel's ruling on consolidation
 the Company does not expect rulings on the first-to-file motions in the various actions described above.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;We intend to defend these cases vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material

 2017
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. received an antitrust civil investigative demand from the Office of the Attorney General
 Department of Legal Affairs
 of the State of Florida. Among other things
 the demand seeks information related to the Georgia Dock Index and other information on poultry and poultry products published by the Georgia Department of Agriculture and its Poultry Market News division. The Company is cooperating fully with the investigative demand
 and we have responded to all requests received to date; however
 we are unable to predict its outcome at this time. Separately

 Department of Legal Affairs
 of the State of Florida

 2020
 the Company received a Civil Investigative Demand from the Office of the Attorney General for the State of Washington seeking information in connection with its investigation of possible violations of the Washington Consumer Protection Act and/or the Sherman Act concerning contracts
 combinations
 or conspiracies in restraint of trade or commerce in the market for Broiler Chicken. The Company is cooperating with the investigative demand and providing documents and information as requested by the Office of the Attorney General. The Company is unable to predict the outcome of the investigation at this time. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Friends of the Earth
 et al v. Sanderson Farms
 Inc.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On June 22
 2017
 the Company was named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The complaint
 which was brought by three non-profit organizations (the Organic Consumers Association
 Friends of the Earth
 and Center for Food Safety) alleged that the Company is violating the California Unfair Competition Law and the California False Advertising Law by representing that its poultry products are &#x201c;100% Natural&#x201d; products raised with &#x201c;100% Natural&#x201d; farming procedures. Among other things
 the plaintiffs alleged that the Company&#x2019;s products contain residues of human and animal antibiotics
 other pharmaceuticals
 hormones
 steroids
 and pesticides. Plaintiffs sought an order enjoining the Company from continuing its allegedly unlawful marketing program and requiring the Company to conduct a corrective advertising campaign; an accounting of the Company&#x2019;s profits derived from the allegedly unlawful marketing practices; and attorneys&#x2019; fees
 costs and interest. On August 2
 2017
 the Company moved to dismiss the lawsuit on various grounds. On August 23
 2017
 the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint
 which included substantially similar allegations as the original complaint
 and the Company filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on September 13
 2017. On February 9
 2018
 the Court denied the Company&#x2019;s motion to dismiss. An initial scheduling conference was held on March 1
 2018
 and discovery started thereafter. On June 25
 2018
 the plaintiffs amended their complaint for a second time
 including to remove allegations that the USDA had found the Company&#x2019;s chicken samples to contain residues of antibiotics or other substances. On July 9
 2018
 the Company filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint. On July 18
 2018
 during the pendency of that motion
 the parties stipulated to the voluntary dismissal of one of the plaintiff organizations (the Organic Consumers Association). The other two plaintiffs continued to prosecute their claims. On September 11
 2018
 the Court granted the motion to dismiss the second amended complaint with leave to amend the complaint
 and on October 2
 2018
 the remaining plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint. The third amended complaint alleged that the Company misleads consumers with regard to (1) the presence of unnatural residues in its chicken products; (2) the fact that it uses antibiotics in raising its chickens; (3) the conditions in which it raises its chickens; and (4) the risks of human antibiotic resistance caused by the Company&#x2019;s use of antibiotics.  On October 16
 2018
 the Company filed a motion to dismiss the third amended complaint
 and on December 3
 2018
 the Court denied that motion. Fact discovery concluded on March 18
 2019. On April 1
 2019
 the Company filed a motion to dismiss for lack of subject matter jurisdiction on grounds that the remaining plaintiffs lacked standing. The Court held a hearing on the Company&#x2019;s motion on May 30
 2019. On July 31
 2019
 the Court granted the Company&#x2019;s motion without prejudice
 stating that dismissal for lack of standing must be without prejudice
 but denied the plaintiffs leave to amend their complaint. On October 8
 2019
 the Court taxed $12
701 in costs in favor of the Company as the prevailing party.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On August 30
 2019
 plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal of the District Court&#x2019;s order of dismissal before the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Plaintiffs&#x2019; filed their opening brief on appeal on January 8
 2020
 the Company filed its response brief on March 9
 2020
 and Plaintiffs filed their reply brief on April 29
 2020. The Court held oral argument on October 13
 2020. We intend to vigorously defend the appeal. However
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of this action. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company&#x2019;s reputation and marketing program could be materially
 adversely affected
 which could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Judy Jien v. Perdue Farms
 Inc.
 et al.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On August 30
 2019
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and its Foods and Processing Divisions
 as well as seventeen other poultry producers and their affiliates; Agri Stats
 Inc.; and Webber
 Meng
 Sahl and Company
 Inc. (&#x201c;WMS&#x201d;)
 were named in a putative class action filed in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. Three other nearly identical putative class action complaints
 each seeking to represent the same putative class
 also were filed. The complaints
 brought on behalf of non-supervisory production and maintenance employees at broiler chicken processing plants
 alleged that the defendants unlawfully conspired by agreeing to fix and depress the compensation paid to them
 including hourly wages and compensation benefits
 from January 1
 2009 to the present. The plaintiffs claim that broiler producers shared competitively sensitive wage and benefits compensation information in three ways: (1) attending in-person meetings in Destin
 Florida; (2) receiving Agri Stats reports
 as well as surveys taken and published by WMS; and (3) directly exchanging wage and benefits information with plant managers at other defendant broiler producers. Plaintiffs allege that this conduct violated the Sherman Antitrust Act.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On November 12
 2019
 the Court ordered that the four putative class action complaints would be consolidated for all pretrial purposes. The Court ordered plaintiffs to file their consolidated complaint on or before November 14
 2019. Defendants&#x2019; motions to dismiss the consolidated complaint were filed on November 22
 2019. Briefing was scheduled to be completed on or before February 28
 2020; however
 after the defendants filed their motions to dismiss
 on November 26
 2019
 plaintiffs notified defendants that they intended to file an amended consolidated complaint. Plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated complaint on December 20
 2019. Plaintiffs name as defendants Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and its Foods and Processing &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Divisions
 as well as ten other broiler chicken producers and their affiliates; three turkey producers and their affiliates; Agri Stats
 Inc.; and WMS. Plaintiffs bring their amended consolidated complaint on behalf of employees at broiler chicken and turkey processing plants and allege that the defendants unlawfully conspired by agreeing to fix and depress the compensation paid to them. On January 9
 2020 and January 27
 2020
 the court approved the voluntary dismissal without prejudice of two of the three nearly identical putative class action lawsuits. On March 12
 2020
 the Court approved the voluntary dismissal without prejudice of the third nearly identical putative class action lawsuit.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On March 2
 2020
 defendants moved to dismiss the amended consolidated complaint. The Company also filed an individual motion to dismiss plaintiffs&#x2019; claims against the Company. Plaintiffs&#x2019; oppositions were originally due on April 24
 2020 and defendants&#x2019; replies were due on May 21
 2020. However
 on March 20
 2020
 the District of Maryland issued Second Amended Standing Order 2020-02
 extending all filing deadlines set to fall between March 16
 2020 and April 24
 2020 by 42 days. On April 10
 2020
 the District of Maryland issued Standing Order 2020-07
 extending all filing deadlines set to fall between March 16
 2020 and June 5
 2020 by 84 days. On May 22
 2020
 the District of Maryland issued Standing Order 2020-11
 which affirmed the prior Order's 84-day extension but did not extend deadlines further. Pursuant to Standing Order 2020-07
 plaintiffs&#x2019; filed their omnibus opposition to defendants&#x2019; motion to dismiss on July 17
 2020. Defendants filed replies on August 13
 2020. On September 16
 2020
 the court granted in part and denied in part defendants&#x2019; motion without prejudice
 finding that plaintiffs&#x2019; allegations against certain defendant corporate families
 including the Company
 were deficient. On October 16
 2020
 plaintiffs moved for leave to file a second amended complaint. Defendants must answer or move to dismiss the second amended complaint by December 18
 2020. Briefing on motions to dismiss the second amended complaint will be complete by February 25
 2021. No discovery has taken place to date. We intend to defend this case vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;La Fosse
 et al. v. Sanderson Farms
 Inc.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On October 11
 2019
 three named plaintiffs (Daniel Lentz
 Pam La Fosse
 and Marybeth Norman) filed
 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California
 a nationwide class action against the Company on behalf of a putative class of all individuals and businesses throughout the United States who purchased one or more of the Company's chicken products in the prior four years. The lawsuit alleges that the named plaintiffs and other class members purchased the Company's chicken products based on misleading representations in the Company&#x2019;s advertising. Specifically
 the plaintiffs in this case allege that the Company&#x2019;s advertising (including
 but not limited to
 on its website
 television commercials
 radio advertisements
 social media
 print magazines
 billboards
 and trucks) misleads consumers into believing that (i) the Company&#x2019;s chickens were not given antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals
 (ii) the chickens were raised in a &#x201c;natural&#x201d; environment
 (iii) there is no evidence that the use of antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals in poultry contributes to the evolution of antibiotic-resistant bacteria
 and (iv) the Company&#x2019;s chicken products do not contain antibiotic or pharmaceutical residues. Plaintiffs allege that (i) the Company &#x201c;routinely&#x201d; feeds antibiotics and pharmaceuticals to its chickens
 (ii) the Company raises its chickens indoors in &#x201c;unnatural&#x201d; indoor conditions amounting to &#x201c;intensive confinement&#x201d; and without natural light (iii) there is &#x201c;extensive&#x201d; reliable evidence that the use of antibiotics in poultry contributes to antibiotic-resistant bacteria
 and (iv) the Company&#x2019;s chickens have been found to contain antibiotic and pharmaceutical residue. The original Complaint asserted five causes of action under California and North Carolina law. The plaintiffs sought injunctive relief directing the Company to correct its practices and to comply with consumer protection laws nationwide. The plaintiffs also sought monetary damages
 as well as fees and costs. On December 20
 2019
 the Company filed a motion to dismiss. On February 10
 2020
 the Court granted the motion to dismiss in part
 denied it in part
 and granted the plaintiffs leave to amend the Complaint. On March 23
 2020
 two of the three original plaintiffs (Pam La Fosse and Marybeth Norman) filed a First Amended Complaint in which they were joined by five additional named plaintiffs purporting to assert claims on behalf of a putative nationwide class of consumers and businesses who purchased the Company's chicken products in the prior four years. The core allegations and theories set forth in the First Amended Complaint are the same as in the original complaint. The First Amended Complaint asserted one cause of action under federal law and sixteen causes of action under the laws of various states. The plaintiffs again sought injunctive relief directing the Company to correct its practices and to comply with consumer protection laws nationwide
 as well as monetary damages
 fees and costs. On May 6
 2020
 the Company filed a partial motion to dismiss the First Amended Complaint
 which the Court granted on July 2
 2020 with leave to amend. On July 23
 2020
 plaintiffs Pam La Fosse and Sharon Manier filed a Second Amended Complaint on behalf of a putative class of consumers who purchased the Company's chicken in California in the prior four years. Like the earlier iterations of the complaint
 the Second Amended Complaint alleges that the remaining plaintiffs and other class members purchased the Company's chicken products based on misleading representations in the Company's advertising
 including for the reasons set forth in their prior complaints. The plaintiffs again seek injunctive relief
 monetary damages
 fees and costs. On August 6
 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;2020
 the Company moved to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint in part
 requesting dismissal of plaintiffs' new implied warranty of merchantability claim. On August 20
 2020
 plaintiffs voluntarily agreed to withdraw their new implied warranty claim. Discovery commenced in October 2020. We intend to defend this case vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material
 adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:18pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In Defense of Animals
 et al. v. Sanderson Farms
 Inc.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On July 31
 2020
 two non-profit organizations (In Defense of Animals and Friends of the Earth) filed a complaint against the Company in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The complaint asserts substantially similar (and in many cases identical) allegations and claims against the Company as the prior case brought by Friends of the Earth and other organizations

 the plaintiffs assert that the Company violates the California Unfair Competition Law and the California False Advertising Law by representing that its poultry products are &#x201c;100% Natural&#x201d; products raised with &#x201c;100% Natural&#x201d; farming procedures.  Plaintiffs allege that the Company&#x2019;s advertising (including
 but not limited to
 on its website
 television commercials
 radio advertisements
 social media
 print magazines
 billboards
 and trucks) misleads consumers into believing that (i) the Company&#x2019;s chickens were not given antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals
 (ii) the chickens were raised in a &#x201c;natural&#x201d; environment
 (iii) there is no evidence that the use of antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals in poultry contributes to the evolution of antibiotic-resistant bacteria
 and (iv) the Company&#x2019;s chicken products do not contain antibiotic or pharmaceutical residues. Plaintiffs allege that (i) the Company &#x201c;routinely&#x201d; feeds antibiotics and pharmaceuticals to its chickens
 (ii) the Company raises its chickens indoors in &#x201c;unnatural&#x201d; indoor conditions amounting to &#x201c;intensive confinement&#x201d; and without natural light
 (iii) there is &#x201c;extensive&#x201d; reliable evidence that the use of antibiotics in poultry contributes to antibiotic-resistant bacteria
 and (iv) the Company&#x2019;s chickens have been found to contain antibiotic and pharmaceutical residue.  The plaintiffs seek injunctive relief directing the Company to correct its practices and to comply with consumer protection laws nationwide as well as in the form of a corrective advertising campaign. The plaintiffs also seek fees and costs. On August 12
 2020
 the Company agreed to waive service of the complaint. The parties have agreed to stay the case at least through the earlier of April 2
 2021
 or the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit's decision in the pending appeal in the prior case brought by Friends of the Earth and other organizations. No discovery has taken place to date. We intend to defend this case vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material

 2017
 the Company received a letter from an attorney representing a putative shareholder demanding that the Company take action against current and/or former officers and directors of the Company for alleged breach of their fiduciary duties. The shareholder asserted that the officers and directors (i) failed to take any action to stop the alleged antitrust conspiracy described above
 despite their alleged knowledge of the conspiracy
 and (ii) made and/or caused the Company to make materially false and misleading statements by failing to disclose the alleged conspiracy. The shareholder also asserted that certain directors engaged in &#x201c;insider sales&#x201d; from which they improperly benefited. In addition to demanding that the officers and directors be sued
 the shareholder also demanded that the Company adopt unspecified corporate governance improvements. On February 9
 2017
 pursuant to statutory procedures available in connection with demands of this type
 the Company&#x2019;s board of directors appointed a special committee of qualified directors to determine
 after conducting a reasonable inquiry
 whether it was in the Company&#x2019;s best interests to pursue any of the actions demanded in the shareholder&#x2019;s letter. On April 26
 2017
 the special committee reported to the Company&#x2019;s board of directors its determination that it was not in the Company&#x2019;s best interests to take any of the demanded actions at that time
 and that no governance improvements related to the subject matter of the demand were needed. On May 5
 2017
 the special committee&#x2019;s counsel informed the shareholder&#x2019;s counsel of the committee&#x2019;s determination. As of the date of filing of this report
 and to the Company&#x2019;s knowledge
 no legal proceedings related to the shareholder&#x2019;s demand have been filed.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company is involved in various other claims and litigation incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be determined with certainty
 management
 upon the advice of counsel
 is of the opinion that the final outcome of currently pending matters
 other than those discussed above
 should not have a material effect on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated results of operations or financial position. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;The Company recognizes the costs of legal defense for the legal proceedings to which it is a party in the periods incurred. After a considerable analysis of each case
 the Company has determined that no accrual is required for any of the foregoing matters as of October 31
 2020. Future reserves may be required if losses are deemed reasonably estimable and probable due to changes in the Company&#x2019;s assumptions
 the effectiveness of legal strategies


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTgvZnJhZzpkYWRhYzg5MWZmNWE0NzcwODk2MzNiYTRjMDUyNzg1OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmRhZGFjODkxZmY1YTQ3NzA4OTYzM2JhNGMwNTI3ODU5XzY5_dd1ba9f0-1522-4ae6-ad2c-5f8b051d5e79


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTgvZnJhZzpkYWRhYzg5MWZmNWE0NzcwODk2MzNiYTRjMDUyNzg1OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmRhZGFjODkxZmY1YTQ3NzA4OTYzM2JhNGMwNTI3ODU5Xzk3_87804da6-6e62-4172-b6e4-b9db008e34bc


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTgvZnJhZzpkYWRhYzg5MWZmNWE0NzcwODk2MzNiYTRjMDUyNzg1OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmRhZGFjODkxZmY1YTQ3NzA4OTYzM2JhNGMwNTI3ODU5XzEwOTk1MTE3MzA3MzU_f8820c83-e957-4653-b634-07fb9cff7bc5


      contextRef=i3fb74d9a11c94f5692e465f11e81d60b_D20191008-20191008
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMTgvZnJhZzpkYWRhYzg5MWZmNWE0NzcwODk2MzNiYTRjMDUyNzg1OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmRhZGFjODkxZmY1YTQ3NzA4OTYzM2JhNGMwNTI3ODU5XzM4NDgyOTA4MDAxNjU_171e0c4a-83a9-4cff-b570-0b95c5c5269b


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031






428&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;90
458&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;91

576)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6
118&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;32
810&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;27






988&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;104
396&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;121
008&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;18

833)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;40
636&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;53
362&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(22

 when the CARES Act was enacted
 the Company recognized a net discrete income tax benefit of approximately $37.5&#160;million related to net operating loss carry-back provisions
 which affects the comparability of the net income (loss) lines in the tables above. For a more detailed discussion of the Company's income taxes


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031






428&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;90
458&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;91

576)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;6
118&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;32
810&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;27






988&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;104
396&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;121
008&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;18

833)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;40
636&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;53
362&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(22


      contextRef=i5d7ca103b5f745e78e3e06f91babb9b7_D20191101-20200131
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_24abb5a8-28d1-4da2-b7b0-76a425bf44c5


      contextRef=i0c0a91a4297b4f298c6519283baa141a_D20200201-20200430
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_e206f86b-9d55-470a-94f2-73350d4c8fed


      contextRef=ifc406213e3654aad851271aa375471b4_D20200501-20200731
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_a5c16c84-93df-4d0e-b22e-0609291572e3


      contextRef=i689d13ef7dc24381977a1a686f79449f_D20200801-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzQtNy0xLTEtMA_2da17d0e-13d9-4371-9ed4-6860dff70b1c


      contextRef=i5d7ca103b5f745e78e3e06f91babb9b7_D20191101-20200131
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_5b059b3f-88fa-4594-938a-e05852bed370


      contextRef=i0c0a91a4297b4f298c6519283baa141a_D20200201-20200430
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_8f922ee8-decf-4a9d-80dc-e6a872ddde61


      contextRef=ifc406213e3654aad851271aa375471b4_D20200501-20200731
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzUtNS0xLTEtMA_9fb4df5f-5e8c-417d-a9f2-8ff4586fad59


      contextRef=i689d13ef7dc24381977a1a686f79449f_D20200801-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzUtNy0xLTEtMA_dcd0befe-ef1f-4c98-8028-72243c9729e4


      contextRef=i5d7ca103b5f745e78e3e06f91babb9b7_D20191101-20200131
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_e8ac81f1-95b6-405d-9917-4360ed09a8bb


      contextRef=i0c0a91a4297b4f298c6519283baa141a_D20200201-20200430
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_e53bca02-f0fc-48fa-8f81-0bf9bc7a06bb


      contextRef=ifc406213e3654aad851271aa375471b4_D20200501-20200731
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzYtNS0xLTEtMA_6ea0219d-2b77-4157-b9c5-ec74b27df955


      contextRef=i689d13ef7dc24381977a1a686f79449f_D20200801-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzYtNy0xLTEtMA_e1fd658e-183d-4279-a9f1-55cc3b97581c


      contextRef=i5d7ca103b5f745e78e3e06f91babb9b7_D20191101-20200131
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzctMS0xLTEtMA_73397845-8972-422b-8cfa-caab01581849


      contextRef=i0c0a91a4297b4f298c6519283baa141a_D20200201-20200430
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzctMy0xLTEtMA_d9c95a3e-aca4-407d-a31f-372d37285151


      contextRef=ifc406213e3654aad851271aa375471b4_D20200501-20200731
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzctNS0xLTEtMA_2dbbeb5f-8bc1-434e-b6c8-df7e9c4be8ef


      contextRef=i689d13ef7dc24381977a1a686f79449f_D20200801-20201031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTo5Y2ZhZWYzZmI1MGM0YzUwYjVhMTMxZWU1MmNkNGRlMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjljZmFlZjNmYjUwYzRjNTBiNWExMzFlZTUyY2Q0ZGUyXzctNy0xLTEtMA_3abfc6a3-48fb-4da7-8b99-c7bbcbdc26ad


      contextRef=i3230a8d9099741c6a5753ac2497b9c22_D20181101-20190131
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzQtMS0xLTEtMA_0900ac31-fe6f-4c6e-bbd9-faa0a6b0596b


      contextRef=i148b64a244df4e09a6bf3abe374ee23a_D20190201-20190430
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzQtMy0xLTEtMA_a3ef3523-6e4d-44fd-9b8d-c4661097c834


      contextRef=i8dbd5344b77845ab85c4292744333584_D20190501-20190731
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzQtNS0xLTEtMA_2eb4d4d4-52a6-45c0-8942-5ca29a2890a6


      contextRef=i682b2705a1bb48bcb8e644024672ede3_D20190801-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzQtNy0xLTEtMA_a34b571d-6c8c-44e8-9728-aa8b0ed8f282


      contextRef=i3230a8d9099741c6a5753ac2497b9c22_D20181101-20190131
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzUtMS0xLTEtMA_372aae7a-55b0-4977-9bf2-93f054eb9eca


      contextRef=i148b64a244df4e09a6bf3abe374ee23a_D20190201-20190430
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzUtMy0xLTEtMA_074149ce-9d4c-4fd4-afdf-675dc2ae7983


      contextRef=i8dbd5344b77845ab85c4292744333584_D20190501-20190731
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzUtNS0xLTEtMA_e25593a7-5165-49bd-bb96-43144d5a58c6


      contextRef=i682b2705a1bb48bcb8e644024672ede3_D20190801-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzUtNy0xLTEtMA_6693ea26-d0a2-4948-a898-37e54256ee0a


      contextRef=i3230a8d9099741c6a5753ac2497b9c22_D20181101-20190131
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzYtMS0xLTEtMA_bd776e88-ddc1-4e0f-b69d-f6d38919c146


      contextRef=i148b64a244df4e09a6bf3abe374ee23a_D20190201-20190430
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzYtMy0xLTEtMA_86c79ee3-b02c-4259-93ec-ffd78d5f4781


      contextRef=i8dbd5344b77845ab85c4292744333584_D20190501-20190731
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzYtNS0xLTEtMA_9d87f0fc-3c5b-43d2-80f9-d05f9812775d


      contextRef=i682b2705a1bb48bcb8e644024672ede3_D20190801-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzYtNy0xLTEtMA_55b4de2d-8d49-40de-b6f0-f70396c66bbd


      contextRef=i3230a8d9099741c6a5753ac2497b9c22_D20181101-20190131
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzctMS0xLTEtMA_4b078594-a216-4693-b9fa-d819e7bb00ca


      contextRef=i148b64a244df4e09a6bf3abe374ee23a_D20190201-20190430
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzctMy0xLTEtMA_3913195e-8a7f-4999-a753-f27a16d42ce9


      contextRef=i8dbd5344b77845ab85c4292744333584_D20190501-20190731
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzctNS0xLTEtMA_a882c459-b6e7-418e-ba99-482e0de7c80b


      contextRef=i682b2705a1bb48bcb8e644024672ede3_D20190801-20191031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90YWJsZTpkMWVkMGE2MDYwNjU0OWJjYmIzZjAwNzE2YmNmMjY2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQxZWQwYTYwNjA2NTQ5YmNiYjNmMDA3MTZiY2YyNjY0XzctNy0xLTEtMA_842892d6-77de-4cd6-b867-ac0b98516268


      contextRef=i0c0a91a4297b4f298c6519283baa141a_D20200201-20200430
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjEvZnJhZzo1NGM0ZThiYzIzM2E0OTMwODdlOWNjZTkyYzk3YzgwZS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0YzRlOGJjMjMzYTQ5MzA4N2U5Y2NlOTJjOTdjODBlXzM4NDgyOTA3MDAyMTU_7d76cd63-8609-4257-a3ff-d2b5311b7cd7


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 the Company purchased 823
385 shares of its common stock in open-market transactions at an average price of $101.37 per share. In accordance with ASC 505-30
 the Company elected to allocate the excess of the repurchase price over par value between paid-in capital and retained earnings. As a result
 approximately $59.6 million of the excess repurchase price over par value was allocated to paid-in capital and approximately $23.0 million was allocated to retained earnings. The Company made no common stock repurchases during fiscal 2019 or fiscal 2020
 except for those made pursuant to the Company's Stock Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated on February 13
 2020


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjQvZnJhZzphYThlMmZjNTMyYzM0YmExYWVkZDY3OTNlNzI0YzIzYS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmFhOGUyZmM1MzJjMzRiYTFhZWRkNjc5M2U3MjRjMjNhXzc2_dfcbffcc-c1ff-469e-b6d8-0e21008f06ec


      contextRef=i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjQvZnJhZzphYThlMmZjNTMyYzM0YmExYWVkZDY3OTNlNzI0YzIzYS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmFhOGUyZmM1MzJjMzRiYTFhZWRkNjc5M2U3MjRjMjNhXzE1Nw_14de14bd-5171-47c1-badf-383ad77d2e84


      contextRef=i1f425e4b566d4c9b9382e5e21fa3102a_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjQvZnJhZzphYThlMmZjNTMyYzM0YmExYWVkZDY3OTNlNzI0YzIzYS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmFhOGUyZmM1MzJjMzRiYTFhZWRkNjc5M2U3MjRjMjNhXzM1OA_46712f8e-7482-4652-a951-211ce6988f46


      contextRef=i7c513afe3c444994a1d67c2057156be0_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-5
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjQvZnJhZzphYThlMmZjNTMyYzM0YmExYWVkZDY3OTNlNzI0YzIzYS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmFhOGUyZmM1MzJjMzRiYTFhZWRkNjc5M2U3MjRjMjNhXzQ1OA_38ab512e-3fb3-4950-97a4-ee8878f246dc


      contextRef=i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjQvZnJhZzphYThlMmZjNTMyYzM0YmExYWVkZDY3OTNlNzI0YzIzYS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmFhOGUyZmM1MzJjMzRiYTFhZWRkNjc5M2U3MjRjMjNhXzQ5NDc4MDIzMjU4MDA_598bc7b7-6041-43da-8a2c-87079d4fc7a0


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjQvZnJhZzphYThlMmZjNTMyYzM0YmExYWVkZDY3OTNlNzI0YzIzYS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmFhOGUyZmM1MzJjMzRiYTFhZWRkNjc5M2U3MjRjMjNhXzQ5NDc4MDIzMjU4MDA_7a1ba92e-eb56-4dc1-b962-63eaf467b651


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031

 using the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 842
 Leases
 determines if an agreement is a lease at the inception of the agreement
 and when a lease exists
 we follow the guidance in ASC 842 to determine whether the lease is an operating or finance lease. The Company is a party to certain agreements that are classified as operating leases
 and those are recorded on our consolidated balance sheet as right-of-use assets
 current lease liabilities
 and long-term lease liabilities. The Company is not a party to any finance lease arrangements. The Company has elected not to record short-term leases with initial terms of twelve months or less in our consolidated balance sheet. Lease expenses related to those short-term leases are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. &lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The initial assets and corresponding liabilities recorded at commencement of our operating leases are based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term. In determining the present value
 we use the implicit interest rate in the agreement
 if provided. If an implicit interest rate is not provided
 we determine the present value of the future minimum lease payments using our incremental borrowing rate based on available information at the lease commencement. When lease agreements contain residual value guarantees that are considered probable
 those are included in calculating the amount of lease liabilities to record. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term with a corresponding reduction to the right-of-use asset and the applicable lease liability. Lease expense is classified as cost of sales or selling
 general and administrative in our consolidated statement of operations based on the use of the leased item. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:12pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The operating leases to which the Company is a party are primarily related to transportation equipment
 equipment used in production processes and the assets of independent contract producers who house our live birds. A significant portion of the costs associated with leases related to the use of assets of independent contract poultry producers who house and care for our live birds are for non-lease components of our agreements with such producers. Non-lease components of payments made to independent contract poultry producers include those related to the operating costs of
 and services provided by
 such producers. For costs associated with such leases
 we elected to account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component





 birds placed


665&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted-average remaining lease term as of October 31












      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031





 birds placed


665&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Weighted-average remaining lease term as of October 31



      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjcvZnJhZzo4MmZkMDRhN2IzMDM0ZDcwODI2YTdjYTRlMDRmOGZhYy90YWJsZToyMDZmNTRmNDFlYzA0MTM2YjQ2ZjVkMzJkYzE1MWJjMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIwNmY1NGY0MWVjMDQxMzZiNDZmNWQzMmRjMTUxYmMwXzEtMS0xLTEtMTc5Nw_3a9ff017-c452-43df-a2fd-43c94a81b756


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjcvZnJhZzo4MmZkMDRhN2IzMDM0ZDcwODI2YTdjYTRlMDRmOGZhYy90YWJsZToyMDZmNTRmNDFlYzA0MTM2YjQ2ZjVkMzJkYzE1MWJjMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIwNmY1NGY0MWVjMDQxMzZiNDZmNWQzMmRjMTUxYmMwXzItMS0xLTEtMTc5Nw_eb853ce9-b292-43af-bcb7-8820a28d2aff


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjcvZnJhZzo4MmZkMDRhN2IzMDM0ZDcwODI2YTdjYTRlMDRmOGZhYy90YWJsZToyMDZmNTRmNDFlYzA0MTM2YjQ2ZjVkMzJkYzE1MWJjMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIwNmY1NGY0MWVjMDQxMzZiNDZmNWQzMmRjMTUxYmMwXzMtMS0xLTEtMTc5Nw_b8b9aa53-47b1-405e-9f1d-815973dce78f


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjcvZnJhZzo4MmZkMDRhN2IzMDM0ZDcwODI2YTdjYTRlMDRmOGZhYy90YWJsZToyMDZmNTRmNDFlYzA0MTM2YjQ2ZjVkMzJkYzE1MWJjMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIwNmY1NGY0MWVjMDQxMzZiNDZmNWQzMmRjMTUxYmMwXzQtMS0xLTEtMTc5Nw_60f00a7c-7a9c-4493-b1b6-f678bdf9e012


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjcvZnJhZzo4MmZkMDRhN2IzMDM0ZDcwODI2YTdjYTRlMDRmOGZhYy90YWJsZTo5NDg0NmRiYjRiYTE0M2JmODVmM2ZmZmUwNzZjODEyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk0ODQ2ZGJiNGJhMTQzYmY4NWYzZmZmZTA3NmM4MTI1XzEtMS0xLTEtMTgxMg_101a51ce-984c-40db-843a-46273402b29a


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjcvZnJhZzo4MmZkMDRhN2IzMDM0ZDcwODI2YTdjYTRlMDRmOGZhYy90YWJsZTo5NDg0NmRiYjRiYTE0M2JmODVmM2ZmZmUwNzZjODEyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk0ODQ2ZGJiNGJhMTQzYmY4NWYzZmZmZTA3NmM4MTI1XzItMS0xLTEtMTgxMg_0294e1af-dea0-44bc-aac3-6ed512ea55c2


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjcvZnJhZzo4MmZkMDRhN2IzMDM0ZDcwODI2YTdjYTRlMDRmOGZhYy90YWJsZTo5NDg0NmRiYjRiYTE0M2JmODVmM2ZmZmUwNzZjODEyNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk0ODQ2ZGJiNGJhMTQzYmY4NWYzZmZmZTA3NmM4MTI1XzQtMS0xLTEtMTgxMg_6fa0508f-20a9-402a-80dd-eb138e7500bf


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031











      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjcvZnJhZzo4MmZkMDRhN2IzMDM0ZDcwODI2YTdjYTRlMDRmOGZhYy90YWJsZTo1N2MwZmRkMTQ3Yjk0MmQ3YTgyZDk4NGUzMWI3MzdiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3YzBmZGQxNDdiOTQyZDdhODJkOTg0ZTMxYjczN2JkXzEtMS0xLTEtMTgwMg_db48e87e-e011-4db3-8ab9-8e9462ab7eb5


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjcvZnJhZzo4MmZkMDRhN2IzMDM0ZDcwODI2YTdjYTRlMDRmOGZhYy90YWJsZTo1N2MwZmRkMTQ3Yjk0MmQ3YTgyZDk4NGUzMWI3MzdiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3YzBmZGQxNDdiOTQyZDdhODJkOTg0ZTMxYjczN2JkXzItMS0xLTEtMTgwMg_64624c44-cda4-4d90-be75-158c43411d68


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjcvZnJhZzo4MmZkMDRhN2IzMDM0ZDcwODI2YTdjYTRlMDRmOGZhYy90YWJsZTo1N2MwZmRkMTQ3Yjk0MmQ3YTgyZDk4NGUzMWI3MzdiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3YzBmZGQxNDdiOTQyZDdhODJkOTg0ZTMxYjczN2JkXzMtMS0xLTEtMTgwMg_1de4059a-687e-4766-93ed-c578a2cd17ec


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjcvZnJhZzo4MmZkMDRhN2IzMDM0ZDcwODI2YTdjYTRlMDRmOGZhYy90YWJsZTo1N2MwZmRkMTQ3Yjk0MmQ3YTgyZDk4NGUzMWI3MzdiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3YzBmZGQxNDdiOTQyZDdhODJkOTg0ZTMxYjczN2JkXzQtMS0xLTEtMTgwMg_637970a7-387c-4eb8-b641-e161ad332f68


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjcvZnJhZzo4MmZkMDRhN2IzMDM0ZDcwODI2YTdjYTRlMDRmOGZhYy90YWJsZTo1N2MwZmRkMTQ3Yjk0MmQ3YTgyZDk4NGUzMWI3MzdiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3YzBmZGQxNDdiOTQyZDdhODJkOTg0ZTMxYjczN2JkXzUtMS0xLTEtMTgwMg_facf6641-c0a2-4127-a0b8-25f5521938b9


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjcvZnJhZzo4MmZkMDRhN2IzMDM0ZDcwODI2YTdjYTRlMDRmOGZhYy90YWJsZTo1N2MwZmRkMTQ3Yjk0MmQ3YTgyZDk4NGUzMWI3MzdiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3YzBmZGQxNDdiOTQyZDdhODJkOTg0ZTMxYjczN2JkXzYtMS0xLTEtMTgwMg_e4ed8d4d-5e9d-47e1-b156-af5bda4890ff


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjcvZnJhZzo4MmZkMDRhN2IzMDM0ZDcwODI2YTdjYTRlMDRmOGZhYy90YWJsZTo1N2MwZmRkMTQ3Yjk0MmQ3YTgyZDk4NGUzMWI3MzdiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3YzBmZGQxNDdiOTQyZDdhODJkOTg0ZTMxYjczN2JkXzctMS0xLTEtMTgwMg_53ca53b2-c231-4d1a-b6bf-d05eb09eb082


      contextRef=icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMjcvZnJhZzo4MmZkMDRhN2IzMDM0ZDcwODI2YTdjYTRlMDRmOGZhYy90YWJsZTo1N2MwZmRkMTQ3Yjk0MmQ3YTgyZDk4NGUzMWI3MzdiZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3YzBmZGQxNDdiOTQyZDdhODJkOTg0ZTMxYjczN2JkXzgtMS0xLTEtMTgwMg_69d53cf7-d954-4241-9bce-65c6af010388


      contextRef=idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031



260&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended October 31



260&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:top&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Year Ended October 31




      contextRef=ice02e5d9cbb74444b1caa0ecf9295796_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMzAvZnJhZzo4YzRmZGNlNjMxYjI0ZDBlYmY3MjQyMTc2ODhjYTM1MS90YWJsZTpmZjYyYzliMWY5N2I0MGE4YTJjZjVlYTBmZGRhNGI2MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZmNjJjOWIxZjk3YjQwYThhMmNmNWVhMGZkZGE0YjYxXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_710747a5-ad99-40e3-99c8-1dc3ea18d158


      contextRef=i30f6cb856ef2417f8728706919368fea_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMzAvZnJhZzo4YzRmZGNlNjMxYjI0ZDBlYmY3MjQyMTc2ODhjYTM1MS90YWJsZTpmZjYyYzliMWY5N2I0MGE4YTJjZjVlYTBmZGRhNGI2MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZmNjJjOWIxZjk3YjQwYThhMmNmNWVhMGZkZGE0YjYxXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_1d73c00a-cb51-49f4-88e3-7df479f5d58e


      contextRef=i30f6cb856ef2417f8728706919368fea_D20191101-20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMzAvZnJhZzo4YzRmZGNlNjMxYjI0ZDBlYmY3MjQyMTc2ODhjYTM1MS90YWJsZTpmZjYyYzliMWY5N2I0MGE4YTJjZjVlYTBmZGRhNGI2MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZmNjJjOWIxZjk3YjQwYThhMmNmNWVhMGZkZGE0YjYxXzUtNy0xLTEtMA_4b0d1da6-e9cc-440e-804d-50db86bef7c6


      contextRef=ia79bfeca1279471a850bd4d7b68dc693_I20201031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMzAvZnJhZzo4YzRmZGNlNjMxYjI0ZDBlYmY3MjQyMTc2ODhjYTM1MS90YWJsZTpmZjYyYzliMWY5N2I0MGE4YTJjZjVlYTBmZGRhNGI2MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZmNjJjOWIxZjk3YjQwYThhMmNmNWVhMGZkZGE0YjYxXzUtOS0xLTEtMA_f48ba07a-94c0-4b35-8478-1b64c64d478c


      contextRef=i110c00171a144ae8bfcb1b62292574f2_I20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMzAvZnJhZzo4YzRmZGNlNjMxYjI0ZDBlYmY3MjQyMTc2ODhjYTM1MS90YWJsZTpmZjYyYzliMWY5N2I0MGE4YTJjZjVlYTBmZGRhNGI2MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZmNjJjOWIxZjk3YjQwYThhMmNmNWVhMGZkZGE0YjYxXzktMS0xLTEtMA_b4e17ee8-6ded-4d22-ad2a-59a53f9f1cf2


      contextRef=i579ed9db818f4932ae15ecb09ef31abb_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMzAvZnJhZzo4YzRmZGNlNjMxYjI0ZDBlYmY3MjQyMTc2ODhjYTM1MS90YWJsZTpmZjYyYzliMWY5N2I0MGE4YTJjZjVlYTBmZGRhNGI2MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZmNjJjOWIxZjk3YjQwYThhMmNmNWVhMGZkZGE0YjYxXzktMy0xLTEtMA_3083082a-a87e-4b82-b643-576d089fd8d3


      contextRef=i579ed9db818f4932ae15ecb09ef31abb_D20181101-20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMzAvZnJhZzo4YzRmZGNlNjMxYjI0ZDBlYmY3MjQyMTc2ODhjYTM1MS90YWJsZTpmZjYyYzliMWY5N2I0MGE4YTJjZjVlYTBmZGRhNGI2MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZmNjJjOWIxZjk3YjQwYThhMmNmNWVhMGZkZGE0YjYxXzktNy0xLTEtMA_97ce11ef-1a54-4a76-b723-38001f6078b8


      contextRef=ice02e5d9cbb74444b1caa0ecf9295796_I20191031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMzAvZnJhZzo4YzRmZGNlNjMxYjI0ZDBlYmY3MjQyMTc2ODhjYTM1MS90YWJsZTpmZjYyYzliMWY5N2I0MGE4YTJjZjVlYTBmZGRhNGI2MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZmNjJjOWIxZjk3YjQwYThhMmNmNWVhMGZkZGE0YjYxXzktOS0xLTEtMA_cb90ace6-dcea-493d-94c6-e2131270c886


      contextRef=i7b3a5c58bde34eeabf39698bffa97fc7_I20171031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMzAvZnJhZzo4YzRmZGNlNjMxYjI0ZDBlYmY3MjQyMTc2ODhjYTM1MS90YWJsZTpmZjYyYzliMWY5N2I0MGE4YTJjZjVlYTBmZGRhNGI2MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZmNjJjOWIxZjk3YjQwYThhMmNmNWVhMGZkZGE0YjYxXzEzLTEtMS0xLTA_f091cb6e-1f90-43f8-8c47-198d78aa664f


      contextRef=i131cf5fcb76b43588ea0dc8c01027b4d_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMzAvZnJhZzo4YzRmZGNlNjMxYjI0ZDBlYmY3MjQyMTc2ODhjYTM1MS90YWJsZTpmZjYyYzliMWY5N2I0MGE4YTJjZjVlYTBmZGRhNGI2MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZmNjJjOWIxZjk3YjQwYThhMmNmNWVhMGZkZGE0YjYxXzEzLTMtMS0xLTA_2445cc0a-d00b-41e0-8ff2-39bf3ca73e30


      contextRef=i131cf5fcb76b43588ea0dc8c01027b4d_D20171101-20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMzAvZnJhZzo4YzRmZGNlNjMxYjI0ZDBlYmY3MjQyMTc2ODhjYTM1MS90YWJsZTpmZjYyYzliMWY5N2I0MGE4YTJjZjVlYTBmZGRhNGI2MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZmNjJjOWIxZjk3YjQwYThhMmNmNWVhMGZkZGE0YjYxXzEzLTctMS0xLTA_eabaaa5a-b3c4-422e-a891-40a0003b738f


      contextRef=i110c00171a144ae8bfcb1b62292574f2_I20181031
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjZmNmMyMzVhZTcxNDQ1MGI4MTVkNzRhZDU1Yzk4NGUxL3NlYzo2ZjZjMjM1YWU3MTQ0NTBiODE1ZDc0YWQ1NWM5ODRlMV8xMzAvZnJhZzo4YzRmZGNlNjMxYjI0ZDBlYmY3MjQyMTc2ODhjYTM1MS90YWJsZTpmZjYyYzliMWY5N2I0MGE4YTJjZjVlYTBmZGRhNGI2MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZmNjJjOWIxZjk3YjQwYThhMmNmNWVhMGZkZGE0YjYxXzEzLTktMS0xLTA_6ed179a8-aa71-4214-8107-1add95635a24
















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Oct. 31
 2020
Dec. 10
 2020
Apr. 30
 2020































  2020


































Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code

















Entity Address
 Address Line One








Entity Address
 City or Town








Entity Address
 State or Province








Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code




























 $1 par value per share







































































































550
803
170



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



324
562

























































































































































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.





























 -Name Forms 10-K
 10-Q
 20-F



























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Address Line 1 such as Attn
 Building Name
 Street Name
















































































































































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.






















































































The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.

























































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.

























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019











061


417



Accounts receivable
 less allowance of $1
260 in 2020 and $1
260 in 2019

546


778












007


928





977


612





544


931





135


111



Property
 plant and equipment
 net

224
746


185
860





785







365


163





849
031


774
134












463


741





663


940





981







107


681



Long-term debt
 less current maturities

000


000





175


646





672


132





804



















Common Stock
 $1 par value: authorized 100
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding shares - 22
251
071 at October&#160;31
 2020 and 22
203
920 at October&#160;31
 2019
 respectively

251


204





420


010





306
602


309
461





419
273


417
675



Liabilities and Equity
 Total

849
031


774
134



Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
 $100 par value: authorized 500
000 shares
 none issued




















Par value to be determined by the Board of Directors: authorized 4
500
000 shares; none issued





















































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.




























Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.




























Amount due in settlement of a claim for reimbursement from an insurance company when the Company has suffered a loss covered under an insurance policy.   For classified balance sheets
 represents the current amount receivable
 that is amounts expected to be collected within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.


















































































































Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Carrying amount of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which no insurance coverage exists
 and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted
 typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property that are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019


Accounts Receivable
 Allowance for Credit Loss
 Current

260


260



Common Stock
 par value (in usd per share)






Common Stock
 authorized shares (in shares)

000
000


000
000



Common Stock
 issued shares (in shares)

251
071


203
920



Common Stock
 outstanding shares (in shares)

251
071


203
920



Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
 $100 par value: authorized 500
000 shares
 none issued






Preferred Stock
 par value (in usd per share)






Preferred Stock
 authorized shares (in shares)

000


000



Preferred Stock
 issued shares (in shares)






Par value to be determined by the Board of Directors: authorized 4
500
000 shares; none issued






Preferred Stock
 authorized shares (in shares)

500
000


500
000



Preferred Stock
 issued shares (in shares)










Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018













564
267


440
258


236
004














370
111


158
323


974
739







800


600



Selling
 general and administrative

750


141


965





575
861


372
264


206
304





594)


994


700


















911





207)


156)


066)














717)


147)







311)


847


557





585)


553


874)





274


294


431








































































Revenue
 Net


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))










































































































































































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.















































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).





















































































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Beginning Balance (in shares) at Oct. 31
 2017



802
690







Beginning Balance at Oct. 31
 2017

432
862


803


999


275
060
















431






431





966)






966)





385)


385)









463)




639)


001)







475









742)




862)







771




771





Ending Balance (in shares) at Oct. 31
 2018



099
780







Ending Balance at Oct. 31
 2018

387
893


100


269


284
524
















294






294





357)






357)


















140









490)




594)







335




335





Ending Balance (in shares) at Oct. 31
 2019



203
920







Ending Balance at Oct. 31
 2019

417
675


204


010


309
461
















274






274





133)






133)


















151









636)




683)







093




093





Ending Balance (in shares) at Oct. 31
 2020



251
071







Ending Balance at Oct. 31
 2020

419
273


251


420


306
602







Amount of paid and unpaid cash dividends declared for classes of stock
 for example
 but not limited to
 common and preferred.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Number
 after forfeiture
 of shares or units issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes shares or units issued under employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).




























Value
 after forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).






















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018













274


294


431














754


420


896





875


552


371





800)


800)


600







000)







540


339


105)







175
















768)


846)


936







649


094)





721


072)


109





365)


362


623)







338)


132)





600)


517


077





860









860)







Accrued expenses
 claims payable and other liabilities

110


548


053)





735


506


982





009


800


413














437)


503)


875)









201





956)


507)


674)














000


000







000)


000)









225)







133)


357)


966)









463)





175




320





451)


429)


722)





409)


931


831)





356)


776)


092)





417


193


285





061


417


193














415


106


090



Interest paid
 net

299


043


054














531


209


921







Adjustments
 Noncash Items And Operating Capital
 to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities









































































































































































































Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.

























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.






















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in accrued expenses
 and obligations classified as other.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in income taxes receivable
 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in insurance settlements receivable
 which are amounts due in settlement of a claim for reimbursement from an insurance company when the Company has suffered a loss covered under an insurance policy. The expectation is that such reimbursement will be received within one year of the balance sheet date.




























The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
























































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





















































































The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.




























Cash outflow in the form of capital distributions and dividends to common shareholders
 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.

























































Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







 The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Sanderson Farms
 The Company is engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and other prepared chicken items. The Company&#8217;s net sales and cost of sales are significantly affected by market price fluctuations of its principal products sold and of its principal feed ingredients
The Company sells to retailers
 distributors and casual dining operators primarily in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States. Management periodically performs credit evaluations of its customers&#8217; financial condition and generally does not require collateral. The Company recognizes revenue in connection with a contract in which the Company has agreed to sell
 and a customer has agreed to purchase
 specific quantities of product at agreed-upon prices and when the Company's performance obligation related to that contract has been satisfied. In the majority of its contracts with customers
 the Company's performance obligation is satisfied when delivery of the product has occurred
 either at the customer's facility or the Company's facility
 depending on the terms of each contract. In a small number of contracts
 ownership of the product passes from the Company to the customer at some point during transit
 at which time the performance obligation is satisfied and revenue is recognized. Gross revenue and related receivables are recognized based on the transaction price within the contract and are reduced by estimated or known amounts for items such as rebates
 discounts
 cooperative advertising allowances and other various items to arrive at net revenue. During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 these reductions to revenue totaled approximately $59.6&#160;million
 $66.5&#160;million and $79.2&#160;million
The cost incurred for shipping and handling activities to deliver the product to the customer is recognized in cost of sales during the period in which the corresponding revenue is recognized. Where shipping and handling activities occur after the customer has obtained control of the product
 the Company has elected to account for those expenses as fulfillment costs in cost of sales
 rather than an additional promised service. This accounting treatment is the same as the accounting treatment prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company has
 prior to the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 accounted for freight one of two ways. First
 when the Company's agreement with its customer did not authorize the Company to invoice the customer separately for freight
 the Company attempted to negotiate a higher price
 and paid freight costs associated with the sale. In these instances
 that cost was booked as an expense in cost of sales. In some instances
 the Company's agreements with its customers authorize the Company to invoice the customer for freight costs separately on its invoice to the customer. Under these arrangements
 the Company has previously accounted for freight by recognizing revenue net of the freight costs. Subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 both arrangements are accounted for in the same manner. That is
 in both instances
 revenue is reported gross of any freight charge
 and all freight costs are accounted for as cost of sales. Because we adopted ASU 2014-09 using the modified-retrospective transition method
 we did not restate prior-period financial statements
 and the separately-invoiced freight costs from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to cost of sales. During fiscal 2020 and 2019
 we recognized revenue of approximately $20.4&#160;million and $24.9&#160;million
 respectively
 related to those freight charges
Due to the nature of our contracts
 commissions associated with such contracts provide only a short-term benefit (i.e. less than one year); therefore
 with our adoption of ASU 2014-09
 we recognize costs of commissions paid to third-party brokers as selling
 general and administrative expenses effective as of November 1
 2018. Prior to our adoption of ASU 2014-09
 those commissions were recognized as a reduction of revenue. Because we transitioned using the modified-retrospective method
 we did not restate prior-period financial statements
 and those commissions from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to revenue. During fiscal 2020 and 2019
 we recognized approximately $12.9&#160;million and $10.9&#160;million
 respectively
 in commissions as selling
 general and administrative expenses
Two customers each accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31
 2020. Sales to those customers accounted for 14.9% and 12.7%
 respectively
 of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2020. Sales to the same two customers accounted for 15.8% and 11.8%
 respectively
 of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2019 and 14.3% and 10.5%
 respectively
Sales of offal are considered by-products; accordingly
 these amounts reduce cost of sales and totaled $24.8 million
 $31.1 million and $34.4 million in fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
The Company sells certain of its products either directly to foreign markets or to U.S. based customers who resell the product in foreign markets. These foreign markets for fiscal 2020 were primarily Mexico
 China and Cuba
 and for fiscal 2019 and 2018 were primarily Mexico
 Cuba
 Central Asia and the Middle East. These export sales for fiscal years 2020
 2019 and 2018 totaled approximately $308.9 million
 $284.5 million and $215.8 million
 In the normal course of business
 the Company extends credit to its customers on a short-term basis
 generally less than twenty-one days. Although credit risks associated with our customers are considered minimal
 the Company routinely reviews its accounts receivable balances and records provisions for probable doubtful accounts based on an individual assessment of a customer&#8217;s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends
 including the aging of receivable balances. In circumstances where management is aware of a specific customer&#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. If circumstances change (i.e.
 higher than expected defaults or an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer&#8217;s ability to meet its financial obligations to us)
 Processed and prepared inventories and inventories of feed
 eggs
Live poultry inventories of broilers are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 and breeders at cost less accumulated amortization. The costs associated with breeders
 including breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower pay
The costs associated with broiler inventories
 consisting principally of chicks
 feed
 and medicine
 are accumulated during the growing period. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age
 including estimates of payments to the independent contract producers who raise the chicks for us
 and then process and distribute those birds will be lower in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age
 including estimates of payments to the independent contract producers who raise the chicks for us
 and then process and distribute those birds will be higher in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company will make an adjustment to lower the value of live birds in inventory to the net realizable value. The significant judgments that management makes in order to assess the net realizable value of its broiler inventory include estimating future selling prices of finished products and the related cost of sales
 primarily feed costs
 to complete. The Company's live broiler inventories were recorded at cost at October 31
 2020
 because the estimated net realizable value for all broiler flocks in inventory was higher than the estimated cost to complete those live broiler inventories. The Company recorded a charge of $2.8&#160;million at October 31
Property
 Property
 plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation of property
 The Company continually reevaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets based on events or changes in circumstances which indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. As part of this reevaluation and when indicators are present
its eventual disposal. If the sum of the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) is less than the carrying amount of the asset
 an impairment loss
 based on the fair value of the assets
 Insurance expense for workers&#8217; compensation benefits and employee-related health care benefits are estimated using historical experience and actuarial estimates. The Company utilizes an outside third party specialist to assist management in estimating the reserve ultimately recorded in the financial statements. The Company accrues expenses in its workers&#8217; compensation and employee benefit plans for both known claims as well as claims incurred but not reported. Stop-loss coverage is maintained with third party insurers to limit the Company&#8217;s total exposure. Management regularly reviews the assumptions used to recognize periodic expenses. Any resulting adjustments to accrued claims are reflected in current operating results. There are no material adjustments to expenses accrued in prior periods in current expenses. The total amounts recorded for the Company's reserve for workers' compensation benefits as of October 31
 2020 and October 31
 2019 are $21.5&#160;million and $20.6&#160;million
 The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses and totaled $19.0 million
 $19.9 million and $38.9 million for fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 Deferred income taxes are accounted for using the liability method and relate principally to depreciation expense
The Company is periodically audited by taxing authorities and considers any adjustments
 interest
 The Company accounts for all share-based payments to employees
 including grants of restricted stock and performance-based shares
 in the statement of operations based on their fair values. For performance-based shares
 Basic earnings per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Share-based payment awards entitling holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities and thus included in the calculation of basic earnings per share. These awards are included in the calculation of basic earnings per share under the two-class method. The two-class method allocates earnings for the period between common shareholders and other security holders. The participating awards receiving dividends are allocated the same amount of income as if they were outstanding shares. Diluted earnings per share includes any dilutive effects of options
 warrants
 The Company  holds certain items that are required to be disclosed at fair value
Level 2 &#8211; Inputs used to measure fair value
 other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date through correlation with market data
 including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and quoted prices in markets that are not active. Level 2 also includes assets and liabilities that are valued using models or other pricing methodologies that do not require significant judgment since the input assumptions used in the models
 such as interest rates and volatility factors
Fair values for debt are based on quoted market prices or published forward interest rate curves and were categorized as Level 2 measurements. As of October 31
 2020 and October 31
 2019
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance is intended to increase transparency and comparability among companies by requiring an entity that is a lessee to recognize on the balance sheet the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities arising from all leases with terms
 as defined by the guidance
 of greater than twelve months. The guidance also requires disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2020
 and we used the transition method that requires a cumulative-effect adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings during the period of adoption
 rather than restating prior-period financial statements; however no such cumulative-effect adjustment was required. This guidance also provides certain practical expedients
 including a practical expedient package during transition. We elected to use this package
 which allowed the Company to carry forward its determination of whether a lease exists
 the classification of a lease
 and whether initial direct lease costs exist for purposes of transition to the new standard. We did not utilize the hindsight practical expedient. As of October 31
 2020
 we recognized right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of approximately $40.8&#160;million
 primarily related to transportation equipment. Adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated statements of operations and cash flows. For further information regarding the Company's leases
In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses
The guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim  periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2019
In December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes
 which is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Accounting Standards Codification 740 and also clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. This guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2020
In March 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-04
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting
 which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to contract modifications and hedging relationships
 subject to meeting certain criteria
 that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. This options guidance
 which became effective on March 12
 2020
 and can be applied through December 31
 2022
 has not affected our consolidated financial statements. We have a revolving credit facility that references LIBOR
 and we are assessing how this standard may be applied to specific contract modifications through December 31
 2022.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







Fresh
1
408
1
137
1
158
Fresh
1
200
1
310
1
139
Fresh
509
511
503
240
213
211
184
240
207
20
27
15
3
564
3
440
3
236
004







Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







October&#160;31
180
179
Feed
53
47
32
35
16
20
7
7
290
289
928



































The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant
 and Equipment


Oct. 31
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Property
 Plant and Equipment

Property
 plant and equipment
 net
October&#160;31
931
892
1
350
1
236
16
11
2
299
2
139
(1
074
(953
Property
 plant and equipment
1
224
1
185
860



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020

Prepaid Expense
 Current [Abstract]





October&#160;31
36
33
10
8
10
14
57
56
931







Disclosure of Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







October&#160;31
9
9
11
19
17
13
12
10
12
11
22
8
11
9
98
82
940








 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







October 31
Revolving credit facility (weighted average interest rates of 1.4% at October 31
 2020 and 3.3% at October 31
25
55
25
55
The Company is a party to a revolving credit facility dated March&#160;21
 2019
 with a maximum available borrowing capacity of $1.0 billion. Under the credit facility
 the Company may not exceed a maximum debt to total capitalization ratio of 50%. The Company has a one-time right
 at any time during the term of the agreement
 to increase the maximum debt to total capitalization ratio then in effect by five percentage points in connection with the construction of a new poultry complex for the four fiscal quarters beginning on the first day of the fiscal quarter during which the Company gives written notice of its intent to exercise this right. The Company has not exercised this right. The facility also sets a minimum net worth requirement that at October&#160;31
 2020
 was $1.0 billion. The credit is unsecured and
 unless extended
 will expire on March&#160;21
 2024. As of October 31
 2020
 and December 16
 2020
 the Company had borrowed $25.0 million
 and had approximately $25.2 million outstanding in letters of credit
The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt at October 31
25
25
000



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







On March 27
 2020
 the CARES Act was enacted. The CARES Act contains several income tax provisions
 as well as other measures
 that are intended to assist businesses impacted by the economic effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The most significant provisions of the CARES Act that materially affect our accounting for income taxes include
 but are not limited to
 a five-year carry-back allowance for taxable net operating losses generated in tax years 2018 through 2020
 our fiscal years 2019 through 2021
 and a technical correction to the Tax Cut and Jobs Act
 enacted on December 22
 2017
Our fiscal 2020 financial statements were materially affected by the changes enacted by the CARES Act. U.S. GAAP requires that the effects from changes in tax laws be recognized in the period in which the new law is enacted
 which for the CARES Act was our second quarter of fiscal 2020. As a result of the applicable accounting guidance and the provisions within the CARES Act
 our income tax provision for fiscal 2020 reflects the carry-back of taxable net operating losses generated during periods in which the statutory federal income tax rate was 21.0% to periods in which the statutory federal income tax rate was 35.0%. Due to the difference in statutory rates
 during fiscal 2020 we recorded a $50.4&#160;million discrete income tax benefit related to the carry-back provisions. Because the net operating losses were carried back to years in which we initially reduced our taxable income using the Domestic Production Activities Deduction
On December 22
 2017
 during our fiscal 2018
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TCJA) was enacted
 which reduced the corporate income tax rate from 35.0% to 21.0%. Section 15 of the Internal Revenue Code stipulated that our fiscal 2018 was subject to a blended statutory tax rate of 23.3%
 which was based on a calculation of the number of days during fiscal 2018 that were subject to a 35.0% statutory rate and the number of days during fiscal 2018 that were subject to a 21.0% statutory rate. Fiscal years 2020 and 2019 were each subject to a 21.0% statutory rate for the entire year. When the TCJA was enacted during fiscal 2018
Our effective tax rates for fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018 were 273.3%
 16.5% and (101.0)%
 respectively. Excluding the effects of discrete items
 the Company's effective tax rates for fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018 would have been approximately 21.3%
 23.6% and 33.0%
 respectively. During the periods presented
Years Ended October&#160;31
(114
2
(1
(112
(1
71
13
(28
2
2
(3
(5
(2
67
11
(29
(44
10
(30
October&#160;31
Property
167
148
2
1
169
150
8
8
1
1
4
7
8
9
3
1
(2
(5
3
54
27
76
141
74
The increase in the Company's deferred tax liability is primarily attributable to the carry-back provisions within the CARES Act
Included in the deferred tax assets are North Carolina Investing in Business Property Credit and North Carolina Jobs Credits totaling $1.3 million
 as well as Georgia Job Tax Credits totaling $2.3 million. The North Carolina Investing in Business Property Credit provides a 7% investment tax credit for property located in a North Carolina development area
 the North Carolina Creating Jobs Credit provides a tax credit for increased employment in North Carolina
 and the Georgia Job Tax Credit provides a tax credit for creation and retention of qualifying jobs in Georgia. It is management&#8217;s opinion that the majority of the North Carolina and Georgia income tax credits will not be utilized before they expire
 and a $2.5 million valuation allowance has been recorded as of October&#160;31
 2020. The North Carolina credits began to expire during fiscal 2018
At the end of each reporting period
 the Company evaluates all available information at that time to determine if it is more likely than not that some or all of these credits will be utilized. As of October 31
 2020
 2019
 and 2018
determined that a total of $1.1 million
 $1.8 million
 and $0.7 million
 respectively
 would be recovered. Accordingly
Years Ended October&#160;31
(3
13
7
(39
(37
1
1
1
(3
(2
4
4
4
(1
(1
(1
(1
2
1
1
(3
(5
(5
(44
10
(30
As of October 31
 2020
 the Company had $2.4&#160;million of unrecognized tax benefits
 as compared to no unrecognized tax benefits as of October 31
 2019. If recognized
 the $2.4&#160;million would reduce the Company's effective tax rate. The Company recognizes interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in its provision for income taxes. As of October 31
 2020
 of the Company's recorded liability
 $1.1&#160;million relates to interest and penalties.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







Certain share-based payment awards entitling holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities and thus included in the calculation of basic earnings per share
October 31
October 31
October 31
28
53
61
27
52
60
21
21
22
21
21
22
429&#160;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







made no contribution to the ESOP during fiscal 2020. In fiscal 2019 and 2018
 total contributions to the ESOP were $3.0 million and $2.0 million
 respectively. Contributions to the ESOP vary in amount
The Company has a 401(k) Plan which covers substantially all employees after one year of service. Participants in the Plan may contribute up to the maximum allowed by Internal Revenue Service regulations. The Company matches 100% of employee contributions to the 401(k) Plan up to 3% of each employee&#8217;s salary
 and 50% of employee contributions between 3% and 5% of each employee&#8217;s salary. The Company&#8217;s contributions to the 401(k) Plan totaled $12.2 million in fiscal 2020; $10.9 million in fiscal 2019; and $10.1 million in fiscal 2018.







The entire disclosure of an entity's employee compensation and benefit plans
 excluding share-based compensation and including
 but not limited to
 postemployment and postretirement benefit plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined contribution plans
 non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans
 deferred compensation
 life insurance
 severance
 health care
 unemployment and other benefit plans.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







On February&#160;17
 2005
 the shareholders of the Company approved the Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and Affiliates Stock Incentive Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;). The Plan allows the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors to grant certain incentive awards including stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 and other similar awards. The Company was authorized to award up to 2
250
000 shares under the Plan. On February&#160;17
 2011
 the shareholders approved changes to the plan to increase the shares that may be issued under the plan from 2
250
000 to 3
500
000 shares and to increase the number of shares that may be granted in the form of restricted stock from 562
500 to 1
562
500 shares. On February 11
 2016
 the shareholders approved the authorization of an additional 700
000 shares issuable under the plan
 for a total of 4
200
000 authorized shares. The shareholders also approved an increase in the number of shares issuable as restricted stock from 1
562
500 to 2
112
500 shares. On February 13
 2020
 the shareholders approved the authorization of an additional 600
000 shares issuable under the plan
 for a total of 4
800
000 authorized shares
Pursuant to the Plan
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approves agreements for the issuance of restricted stock to directors
 executive officers and other key employees. Restricted stock granted in fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 to four years from the date of grant. The vesting schedule is accelerated upon death
 disability
 the participant&#8217;s termination of employment after reaching retirement eligibility by reason of retirement
 or upon a change in control
 as defined in the Plan. Restricted stock grants are valued based upon the closing market price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of grant and are recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. Compensation expense related to restricted stock grants totaled $9.0 million
 $8.4 million and $7.5 million during fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
Outstanding at October&#160;31
301
65
(84
(2
Outstanding at October&#160;31
279
88
(77
(6
Outstanding at October&#160;31
284
68
(89
(3
Outstanding at October&#160;31
260
The Company had $13.3 million in unrecognized share-based compensation costs related to the 260
478 unvested shares as of October&#160;31
 2020
 that will be recognized over a weighted average period of 1 year
Also pursuant to the Plan
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approves Management Share Purchase Plan agreements (the &#8220;Purchase Plan&#8221;) that authorize the issuance of shares of restricted stock to the Company&#8217;s directors
other key employees. Pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 non-employee directors may elect to receive up to 100 percent of their annual retainer and meeting fees in the form of restricted stock. Other participants may elect to receive up to 15 percent of their salary and up to 75 percent of any bonus earned in the form of restricted stock. The purchase price of the restricted stock is the closing market price of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the date of purchase. The Company makes matching contributions of 25 percent of the restricted shares purchased by participants. Restricted stock issued pursuant to the Purchase Plan vests after three years or immediately upon death
 disability
 or change in control
 as defined. If an employee terminates employment after attaining eligibility for retirement
 or a non-employee director retires upon the expiration of his or her board term
 the participant&#8217;s Purchase Plan shares vest immediately. If a participant&#8217;s employment or service as a director is terminated for any other reason prior to the three-year vesting period
 the participant forfeits the matching contribution and the Company may
 at its option
 repurchase restricted stock purchased by the participant at the price paid by the participant. Matching contributions are recognized as compensation expense over the vesting period. During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 the participants purchased a total of 9
134; 7
350; and 10
697 shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 valued at an average price of $128.70
 $128.20
 and $123.45
 per share
 respectively
 and the Company issued 2
185; 1
741; and 2
565 matching shares
 valued at an average price of $128.70
 $128.20
 and $123.45 per share
 respectively. During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 the participants vested in a total of 12
206; 17
142; and 17
040 shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 valued at an average price of $116.20
 $89.08
 and $80.38
 per share
 respectively. During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 the participants forfeited a total of 68; 321; and 259 shares of restricted stock pursuant to the Purchase Plan
 respectively. Compensation expense related to the Company&#8217;s matching contribution totaled approximately $229
000
 $351
000 and $289
000 in fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 the Company entered into performance share agreements that grant certain officers and key employees the right to receive shares of the Company&#8217;s common stock
 subject to the Company&#8217;s achievement of certain performance measures. The performance share agreements specify a target number of shares that a participant can receive based upon the Company&#8217;s average return on equity and average return on sales
 as defined
 during a two-year performance period beginning November&#160;1 of each performance period. Although the performance share agreements have a two-year performance period
 they are subject to an additional one year period during which the participant must remain employed by the Company before they are paid out. If the Company&#8217;s average return on equity and average return on sales meet or exceed certain threshold amounts for the performance period
 participants will receive 50 percent to 200 percent of the target number of shares
 depending upon the Company&#8217;s level of performance. Accruals for performance shares begin during the period management determines that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria is probable at some level. In estimating the probability of the number of shares that will be awarded
 the Company considers
 among other factors
 current and projected grain costs and chicken volumes and pricing
 as well as the amount of the Company's commitments to procure grain at a fixed price throughout the performance period. Due to the high level of volatility of these commodity prices and the impact that the change in pricing can have on the Company&#8217;s results
 the Company&#8217;s assessment of probability can change from period to period and can result in a significant revision to the amounts accrued related to the arrangements
The target number of shares specified in the performance share agreements entered into on November 1
 2019 totaled 56
575.  As of October 31
 2020
 the Company could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance based criteria is probable due to actual operating results for the first year of the two-year performance period falling below threshold levels
 and the uncertainties discussed above
The Company also has performance share agreements in place with certain officers and key employees that were entered into on November 1
 2018. The two-year performance period for those agreements has ended
 and the Company's operating results during the period did not meet the threshold levels; therefore
The Compensation Committee of the Company's Board of Directors determined that the performance share agreements entered into on November 1
 2017
 were earned at a level between the threshold and target levels for the return on sales criterion and that the threshold level for the return on equity criterion was not achieved. Accordingly
 fiscal 2020 includes compensation expense of $0.7&#160;million
 related to those agreements
 as compared to $1.3&#160;million during fiscal 2019. Because management's initial determination of probability was made during fiscal 2019
 and because the accrual is made using the cumulative catch up method
 the compensation expense recorded during fiscal 2019 related to the agreements entered into on November 1
 2017
 was greater than that recorded during fiscal 2020. On October 31
 2020
 a total of 13
055 shares from the agreements entered into on November 1
 2017 vested
 and those shares were issued on November 2
Had the Company determined that it was probable that the maximum amount of those outstanding awards from the agreements entered into on November 1
 2019 would be earned
 an additional $6.0 million would have been accrued as of October&#160;31
October 31
October 31
October 31
November 1
145
3
November 1
84
2
5
November 1
13
1
November 1
November 1
3
8
Note (1) - As of October 31
 2020
 the Company could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance-based criteria is probable for the agreements entered into on November 1
 2019 due to operating results to date and the uncertainties discussed above
 and therefore recorded no compensation expense related to those agreements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







The Company has approximately 17
445 employees as of October 31
 2020
 approximately 2
At October&#160;31
 2020
 the Company&#8217;s estimated outstanding contractual obligations for feed grains
 feed ingredients
 packaging supplies
 construction projects and new equipment totaled $108.5 million
Between September 2
 2016 and October 13
 2016
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants
 along with 13 other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies
 in multiple putative class action lawsuits filed by direct and indirect purchasers of broiler chickens in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The complaints allege that the defendants conspired to unlawfully fix
 raise
 maintain
 and stabilize the price of broiler chickens
 thereby violating federal and certain states&#8217; antitrust laws
 and also allege certain related state-law claims. The complaints also allege that the defendants fraudulently concealed the alleged anticompetitive conduct in furtherance of the conspiracy. The complaints seek damages
 including treble damages for the antitrust claims
 injunctive relief
 costs
 and attorneys&#8217; fees. As detailed below
 the Court has consolidated all of the direct purchaser complaints into one case
 and the indirect purchaser complaints into two cases
On October 28
 2016
 the direct and indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed consolidated
 amended complaints
 and on November 23
 2016
 the direct and indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed second amended complaints. On December 16
 2016
 the indirect purchaser plaintiffs separated into two cases. On that date
 the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint
On January 27
 2017
 the defendants filed motions to dismiss the amended complaints in all of the cases
 and on November 20
 2017
 the motions to dismiss were denied. On February 7
 2018
 the direct purchaser plaintiffs filed their third amended complaint
 adding three additional poultry producers as defendants. On February 12
 2018
 the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed their second amended complaint
 in which they also added three additional poultry producers as defendants
 along with Agri Stats
 Inc. On February 20
 2018
 the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their fourth amended complaint. On November 13
 2018
 the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their fifth amended complaint
 adding three additional poultry producers as defendants. On November 28
 2018
 the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed their third amended complaint. On January 15
 2019
 the direct purchaser plaintiffs filed their fourth amended complaint
 and the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs filed their sixth amended complaint. Both the direct purchaser plaintiffs and the commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs added two new poultry producers as defendants
 as well as Agri Stats
 Inc. On August 6
 2020
 the end-user consumer plaintiffs filed a motion for leave to file a fifth amended complaint. The Court granted the end-user consumer plaintiffs&#8217; motion on September 22
 2020 and deemed the version of the complaint filed on August 7
 2020 operative on October 19
 2020. On October 23
 2020
Between December 8
 2017 and December 4
 2020
 additional purported direct-purchaser entities individually brought fifty-five separate suits against 20 poultry producers
 including Sanderson Farms and Agri Stats
 Inc.
 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois
 the United States District Court for the District of Kansas
 the United States District Court for the Western District of Arkansas
 and the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. These suits allege substantially similar claims to the direct purchaser class complaint described above; certain of the suits additionally allege related state-law and common-law claims
 and related claims under federal and Georgia RICO statutes. Four complaints filed on June 12
 2020 and another complaint amended on July 24
 2020
 also plead allegations of federal bid rigging. Those suits filed in the Northern District of Illinois are now pending in front of the same judge as the putative class action lawsuits. On June 26
 2018
 the defendants filed a motion to transfer the case filed in the District of Kansas to the Northern District of Illinois
 and that motion was granted on September 13
 2018. On June 7
 2019
 the plaintiffs filed a motion to transfer the case filed in the Western District of Arkansas to the Northern District of Illinois
 and that motion was granted on June 11
 2019. On July 24
 2019
 one of the defendants filed a motion to transfer the case filed in the District of Puerto Rico to the Northern District of Illinois
 and that motion was granted on July 25
 2019. On July 22
 2019
 the Company moved to dismiss in part those direct-purchaser complaints that allege claims under federal and Georgia RICO statutes against it. The motion was fully briefed on September 20
 2019
 and the Court heard argument on the motion on December 18
 2019. On March 3
 2020
 the Court denied the Company's motion. On October 18
 2019
 defendants moved to dismiss the case filed by the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico on its behalf and on behalf of its citizens. The motion was fully briefed on January 21
 2020. On July 15
 2020
 the Court dismissed Puerto Rico's claims on behalf of its citizens. On July 2
 2020 and August 6
 2020
 certain defendants
 including the Company
Plaintiffs filed oppositions on August 6
 2020 and August 20
 2020. Defendants filed replies on August 20
 2020 and September 3
 2020. On September 22
 2020
 the Court ordered that plaintiffs&#8217; bid-rigging allegations are bifurcated and any discovery on such claims is stayed until plaintiffs&#8217; supply reduction and Georgia Dock theories are resolved. On October 20
 2020
 certain direct action plaintiffs filed a motion for leave to amend their complaints. On October 23
 2020
 the direct action plaintiffs filed a consolidated complaint. Defendants filed an opposition to certain direct action plaintiffs&#8217; motion to amend on November 4
 2020. Briefing was completed on November 16
On October 30
 2020
 direct purchaser plaintiffs
 commercial and institutional indirect purchaser plaintiffs
 and end-user consumer plaintiffs filed motions for class certification. Defendants' oppositions to class certification are due January 22
 2021. Class plaintiffs' replies in support of class certification are due March 15
The parties are currently engaged in discovery
Since March 16
 2020
 given the current COVID-19 public health emergency
 the Northern District of Illinois issued three orders extending all deadlines in civil cases by 21 days
 28 days and 28 days
 respectively
 and five orders that did not extend any deadlines
 but explained other court procedures to protect the public health and welfare. These orders apply to the litigation described above. The Northern District of Illinois will vacate
 amend or extend the Eighth Amended General Order on or before January 25
 received from the United States Department of Justice
 Antitrust Division
 a subpoena that included a request to produce all discovery in the case to a grand jury. On June 27
 2019
 permitted the United States Department of Justice to intervene in the case
 as well as ordered certain discovery stayed until September 27
 2019. Before the discovery stay expired on September 27
 2019
 to extend the discovery stay for an additional six months. On September 25
 2019
 the Court granted the additional stay of not less than three months. On October 16
 2019
 after further consideration
 the Court extended the stay until June 27
 2020. On December 18
 2019
 the Court after further consideration ordered that the stay be lifted on March 31
The Company received a grand jury subpoena in connection with the United States Department of Justice Antitrust Division investigation on September 9
State of New Mexico
 ex rel. Hector Balderas v. Koch Foods Inc.
On September 1
 2020
 the Attorney General of the State of New Mexico filed a lawsuit in New Mexico state court against Agri Stats
 Inc. and producer defendants
 including the Company. The case brings claims under the New Mexico Antitrust Act and New Mexico Unfair Trade Practices Act
We intend to continue to defend the lawsuits vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail or the Department of Justice were to pursue charges
 the Company could be liable for damages or other sanctions
 which could have a material
On January 27
 2017
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants
 along with four other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies
 in a putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. On March 27
 2017
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and our subsidiaries were named as defendants
 along with four other poultry producers and certain of their affiliated companies
 in a second putative class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Oklahoma. The Court ordered the suits consolidated into one proceeding
 and on July 10
 2017
 the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint. The consolidated amended complaint alleges that the defendants unlawfully conspired by sharing data on compensation paid to broiler farmers
 with the purpose and effect of suppressing the farmers&#8217; compensation below competitive levels. The consolidated amended complaint also alleges that the defendants unlawfully conspired to not solicit or hire the broiler farmers who were providing services to other defendants. The consolidated amended complaint seeks treble damages
 costs and attorneys&#8217; fees. On September 8
 2017
 the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint
 on October 23
 2017
 the plaintiffs filed their response
 and on November 22
 2017
 the defendants filed a reply. On January 19
 2018
On February 21
 2018
 the plaintiffs filed a substantially similar lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina against Sanderson Farms and our subsidiaries and another poultry producer. The plaintiffs subsequently moved to consolidate this action with the Eastern District of Oklahoma action in the Eastern District of Oklahoma for pre-trial proceedings
 with the defendants in support thereof. That motion was denied. On July 13
 2018
 the defendants moved to dismiss the lawsuit in the Eastern District of North Carolina
 and briefing was completed on September 4
 2018. On January 15
 2019
 the Court granted in part the defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss and stayed the action in the Eastern District of North Carolina pending resolution of the action in the Eastern District of Oklahoma. On January 6
 2020
 the Court in the Eastern District of Oklahoma denied defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss. On January 27
 2020
 plaintiffs in the Oklahoma case moved for leave to amend their complaint. The Court in the Eastern District of Oklahoma granted the plaintiffs' motion
 and the plaintiffs filed a consolidated amended complaint on February 21
 2020. The Oklahoma case is ongoing. On May 27
 2020
 the Company moved to dismiss the action in the Eastern District of North Carolina under the first-to-file rule. Plaintiffs filed their opposition on June 17
 2020
 and the Company filed its reply on July 1
On September 11
 2020
 additional named grower plaintiffs filed an identical putative class action in the District Court of Colorado against Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and its Foods
 Production
 and Processing Divisions
 as well as the other poultry producer defendants in the Oklahoma action. On October 14
 2020
 Defendants moved to dismiss the case under the first-to-file doctrine because it is substantively identical to the earlier-filed cases pending in Oklahoma and North Carolina. Briefing on that motion was completed on December 16
On September 18
 2020
 another named grower plaintiff filed another duplicate class action in the District Court of Kansas against the same defendants as the Colorado action. On October 13
 2020
 Defendants moved to dismiss the case under the first-to-file doctrine because it is substantively identical to the earlier-filed cases pending in Oklahoma
 North Carolina
 and Colorado. Briefing on that motion was completed on December 15
On October 8
 2020
 new named grower plaintiffs filed another duplicate class action in the Northern District of California against the same defendants as the Colorado and Kansas actions. The Company waived service of the Complaint on December 11
On October 23
 2020
 the District Court of Kansas stayed proceedings in that action (other than those related to the first-to-file motion) pending resolution of the first-to-file motion and the multi-district litigation (MDL) consolidation motion discussed below. On November 12
 2020
On October 6
 2020
 Plaintiffs in the Oklahoma action moved to consolidate all of these duplicative cases into a MDL before the judge presiding over the Oklahoma case. Briefing on that motion was completed on November 6
 2020
 and oral argument on the motion occurred on December 3
 2020. On December 15
 2020
 the panel ordered that all actions be consolidated in the Eastern District of Oklahoma for pretrial proceedings. Given the panel's ruling on consolidation
We intend to defend these cases vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material
On February 21
 2017
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. received an antitrust civil investigative demand from the Office of the Attorney General
 Department of Legal Affairs
 of the State of Florida. Among other things
 the demand seeks information related to the Georgia Dock Index and other information on poultry and poultry products published by the Georgia Department of Agriculture and its Poultry Market News division. The Company is cooperating fully with the investigative demand
 and we have responded to all requests received to date; however
 we are unable to predict its outcome at this time. Separately
received from the Office of the Attorney General
 Department of Legal Affairs
 of the State of Florida
On August 6
 2020
 the Company received a Civil Investigative Demand from the Office of the Attorney General for the State of Washington seeking information in connection with its investigation of possible violations of the Washington Consumer Protection Act and/or the Sherman Act concerning contracts
 combinations
Friends of the Earth
 et al v. Sanderson Farms
On June 22
 2017
 the Company was named as a defendant in a lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The complaint
 which was brought by three non-profit organizations (the Organic Consumers Association
 Friends of the Earth
 and Center for Food Safety) alleged that the Company is violating the California Unfair Competition Law and the California False Advertising Law by representing that its poultry products are &#8220;100% Natural&#8221; products raised with &#8220;100% Natural&#8221; farming procedures. Among other things
 the plaintiffs alleged that the Company&#8217;s products contain residues of human and animal antibiotics
 other pharmaceuticals
 hormones
 steroids
 and pesticides. Plaintiffs sought an order enjoining the Company from continuing its allegedly unlawful marketing program and requiring the Company to conduct a corrective advertising campaign; an accounting of the Company&#8217;s profits derived from the allegedly unlawful marketing practices; and attorneys&#8217; fees
 costs and interest. On August 2
 2017
 the Company moved to dismiss the lawsuit on various grounds. On August 23
 2017
 the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint
 which included substantially similar allegations as the original complaint
 and the Company filed a motion to dismiss the amended complaint on September 13
 2017. On February 9
 2018
 the Court denied the Company&#8217;s motion to dismiss. An initial scheduling conference was held on March 1
 2018
 and discovery started thereafter. On June 25
 2018
 the plaintiffs amended their complaint for a second time
 including to remove allegations that the USDA had found the Company&#8217;s chicken samples to contain residues of antibiotics or other substances. On July 9
 2018
 the Company filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint. On July 18
 2018
 during the pendency of that motion
 the parties stipulated to the voluntary dismissal of one of the plaintiff organizations (the Organic Consumers Association). The other two plaintiffs continued to prosecute their claims. On September 11
 2018
 the Court granted the motion to dismiss the second amended complaint with leave to amend the complaint
 and on October 2
 2018
 the remaining plaintiffs filed a third amended complaint. The third amended complaint alleged that the Company misleads consumers with regard to (1) the presence of unnatural residues in its chicken products; (2) the fact that it uses antibiotics in raising its chickens; (3) the conditions in which it raises its chickens; and (4) the risks of human antibiotic resistance caused by the Company&#8217;s use of antibiotics.  On October 16
 2018
 the Company filed a motion to dismiss the third amended complaint
 and on December 3
 2018
 the Court denied that motion. Fact discovery concluded on March 18
 2019. On April 1
 2019
 the Company filed a motion to dismiss for lack of subject matter jurisdiction on grounds that the remaining plaintiffs lacked standing. The Court held a hearing on the Company&#8217;s motion on May 30
 2019. On July 31
 2019
 the Court granted the Company&#8217;s motion without prejudice
 stating that dismissal for lack of standing must be without prejudice
 but denied the plaintiffs leave to amend their complaint. On October 8
 2019
 the Court taxed $12
On August 30
 2019
 plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal of the District Court&#8217;s order of dismissal before the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Plaintiffs&#8217; filed their opening brief on appeal on January 8
 2020
 the Company filed its response brief on March 9
 2020
 and Plaintiffs filed their reply brief on April 29
 2020. The Court held oral argument on October 13
 2020. We intend to vigorously defend the appeal. However
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of this action. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company&#8217;s reputation and marketing program could be materially
 adversely affected
 which could have a material
Judy Jien v. Perdue Farms
 Inc.
On August 30
 2019
 Sanderson Farms
 Inc. and its Foods and Processing Divisions
 as well as seventeen other poultry producers and their affiliates; Agri Stats
 Inc.; and Webber
 Meng
 Sahl and Company
 Inc. (&#8220;WMS&#8221;)
 were named in a putative class action filed in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. Three other nearly identical putative class action complaints
 each seeking to represent the same putative class
 also were filed. The complaints
 brought on behalf of non-supervisory production and maintenance employees at broiler chicken processing plants
 alleged that the defendants unlawfully conspired by agreeing to fix and depress the compensation paid to them
 including hourly wages and compensation benefits
 from January 1
 2009 to the present. The plaintiffs claim that broiler producers shared competitively sensitive wage and benefits compensation information in three ways: (1) attending in-person meetings in Destin
 Florida; (2) receiving Agri Stats reports
On November 12
 2019
 the Court ordered that the four putative class action complaints would be consolidated for all pretrial purposes. The Court ordered plaintiffs to file their consolidated complaint on or before November 14
 2019. Defendants&#8217; motions to dismiss the consolidated complaint were filed on November 22
 2019. Briefing was scheduled to be completed on or before February 28
 2020; however
 after the defendants filed their motions to dismiss
 on November 26
 2019
 plaintiffs notified defendants that they intended to file an amended consolidated complaint. Plaintiffs filed an amended consolidated complaint on December 20
 2019. Plaintiffs name as defendants Sanderson Farms
Divisions
 as well as ten other broiler chicken producers and their affiliates; three turkey producers and their affiliates; Agri Stats
 Inc.; and WMS. Plaintiffs bring their amended consolidated complaint on behalf of employees at broiler chicken and turkey processing plants and allege that the defendants unlawfully conspired by agreeing to fix and depress the compensation paid to them. On January 9
 2020 and January 27
 2020
 the court approved the voluntary dismissal without prejudice of two of the three nearly identical putative class action lawsuits. On March 12
 2020
On March 2
 2020
 defendants moved to dismiss the amended consolidated complaint. The Company also filed an individual motion to dismiss plaintiffs&#8217; claims against the Company. Plaintiffs&#8217; oppositions were originally due on April 24
 2020 and defendants&#8217; replies were due on May 21
 2020. However
 on March 20
 2020
 the District of Maryland issued Second Amended Standing Order 2020-02
 extending all filing deadlines set to fall between March 16
 2020 and April 24
 2020 by 42 days. On April 10
 2020
 the District of Maryland issued Standing Order 2020-07
 extending all filing deadlines set to fall between March 16
 2020 and June 5
 2020 by 84 days. On May 22
 2020
 the District of Maryland issued Standing Order 2020-11
 which affirmed the prior Order's 84-day extension but did not extend deadlines further. Pursuant to Standing Order 2020-07
 plaintiffs&#8217; filed their omnibus opposition to defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss on July 17
 2020. Defendants filed replies on August 13
 2020. On September 16
 2020
 the court granted in part and denied in part defendants&#8217; motion without prejudice
 finding that plaintiffs&#8217; allegations against certain defendant corporate families
 including the Company
 were deficient. On October 16
 2020
 plaintiffs moved for leave to file a second amended complaint. Defendants must answer or move to dismiss the second amended complaint by December 18
 2020. Briefing on motions to dismiss the second amended complaint will be complete by February 25
 2021. No discovery has taken place to date. We intend to defend this case vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material
La Fosse
 et al. v. Sanderson Farms
On October 11
 2019
 three named plaintiffs (Daniel Lentz
 Pam La Fosse
 and Marybeth Norman) filed
 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California
 a nationwide class action against the Company on behalf of a putative class of all individuals and businesses throughout the United States who purchased one or more of the Company's chicken products in the prior four years. The lawsuit alleges that the named plaintiffs and other class members purchased the Company's chicken products based on misleading representations in the Company&#8217;s advertising. Specifically
 the plaintiffs in this case allege that the Company&#8217;s advertising (including
 but not limited to
 on its website
 television commercials
 radio advertisements
 social media
 print magazines
 billboards
 and trucks) misleads consumers into believing that (i) the Company&#8217;s chickens were not given antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals
 (ii) the chickens were raised in a &#8220;natural&#8221; environment
 (iii) there is no evidence that the use of antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals in poultry contributes to the evolution of antibiotic-resistant bacteria
 and (iv) the Company&#8217;s chicken products do not contain antibiotic or pharmaceutical residues. Plaintiffs allege that (i) the Company &#8220;routinely&#8221; feeds antibiotics and pharmaceuticals to its chickens
 (ii) the Company raises its chickens indoors in &#8220;unnatural&#8221; indoor conditions amounting to &#8220;intensive confinement&#8221; and without natural light (iii) there is &#8220;extensive&#8221; reliable evidence that the use of antibiotics in poultry contributes to antibiotic-resistant bacteria
 and (iv) the Company&#8217;s chickens have been found to contain antibiotic and pharmaceutical residue. The original Complaint asserted five causes of action under California and North Carolina law. The plaintiffs sought injunctive relief directing the Company to correct its practices and to comply with consumer protection laws nationwide. The plaintiffs also sought monetary damages
 as well as fees and costs. On December 20
 2019
 the Company filed a motion to dismiss. On February 10
 2020
 the Court granted the motion to dismiss in part
 denied it in part
 and granted the plaintiffs leave to amend the Complaint. On March 23
 2020
 two of the three original plaintiffs (Pam La Fosse and Marybeth Norman) filed a First Amended Complaint in which they were joined by five additional named plaintiffs purporting to assert claims on behalf of a putative nationwide class of consumers and businesses who purchased the Company's chicken products in the prior four years. The core allegations and theories set forth in the First Amended Complaint are the same as in the original complaint. The First Amended Complaint asserted one cause of action under federal law and sixteen causes of action under the laws of various states. The plaintiffs again sought injunctive relief directing the Company to correct its practices and to comply with consumer protection laws nationwide
 as well as monetary damages
 fees and costs. On May 6
 2020
 the Company filed a partial motion to dismiss the First Amended Complaint
 which the Court granted on July 2
 2020 with leave to amend. On July 23
 2020
 plaintiffs Pam La Fosse and Sharon Manier filed a Second Amended Complaint on behalf of a putative class of consumers who purchased the Company's chicken in California in the prior four years. Like the earlier iterations of the complaint
 the Second Amended Complaint alleges that the remaining plaintiffs and other class members purchased the Company's chicken products based on misleading representations in the Company's advertising
 including for the reasons set forth in their prior complaints. The plaintiffs again seek injunctive relief
 monetary damages
 fees and costs. On August 6
2020
 the Company moved to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint in part
 requesting dismissal of plaintiffs' new implied warranty of merchantability claim. On August 20
 2020
 plaintiffs voluntarily agreed to withdraw their new implied warranty claim. Discovery commenced in October 2020. We intend to defend this case vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material
In Defense of Animals
 et al. v. Sanderson Farms
On July 31
 2020
 two non-profit organizations (In Defense of Animals and Friends of the Earth) filed a complaint against the Company in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The complaint asserts substantially similar (and in many cases identical) allegations and claims against the Company as the prior case brought by Friends of the Earth and other organizations
Specifically
 the plaintiffs assert that the Company violates the California Unfair Competition Law and the California False Advertising Law by representing that its poultry products are &#8220;100% Natural&#8221; products raised with &#8220;100% Natural&#8221; farming procedures.  Plaintiffs allege that the Company&#8217;s advertising (including
 but not limited to
 on its website
 television commercials
 radio advertisements
 social media
 print magazines
 billboards
 and trucks) misleads consumers into believing that (i) the Company&#8217;s chickens were not given antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals
 (ii) the chickens were raised in a &#8220;natural&#8221; environment
 (iii) there is no evidence that the use of antibiotics or other pharmaceuticals in poultry contributes to the evolution of antibiotic-resistant bacteria
 and (iv) the Company&#8217;s chicken products do not contain antibiotic or pharmaceutical residues. Plaintiffs allege that (i) the Company &#8220;routinely&#8221; feeds antibiotics and pharmaceuticals to its chickens
 (ii) the Company raises its chickens indoors in &#8220;unnatural&#8221; indoor conditions amounting to &#8220;intensive confinement&#8221; and without natural light
 (iii) there is &#8220;extensive&#8221; reliable evidence that the use of antibiotics in poultry contributes to antibiotic-resistant bacteria
 and (iv) the Company&#8217;s chickens have been found to contain antibiotic and pharmaceutical residue.  The plaintiffs seek injunctive relief directing the Company to correct its practices and to comply with consumer protection laws nationwide as well as in the form of a corrective advertising campaign. The plaintiffs also seek fees and costs. On August 12
 2020
 the Company agreed to waive service of the complaint. The parties have agreed to stay the case at least through the earlier of April 2
 2021
 or the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit's decision in the pending appeal in the prior case brought by Friends of the Earth and other organizations. No discovery has taken place to date. We intend to defend this case vigorously; however
 the Company cannot predict the outcome of these actions. If the plaintiffs were to prevail
 the Company could be liable for damages
 which could have a material
On January 30
 2017
 the Company received a letter from an attorney representing a putative shareholder demanding that the Company take action against current and/or former officers and directors of the Company for alleged breach of their fiduciary duties. The shareholder asserted that the officers and directors (i) failed to take any action to stop the alleged antitrust conspiracy described above
 despite their alleged knowledge of the conspiracy
 and (ii) made and/or caused the Company to make materially false and misleading statements by failing to disclose the alleged conspiracy. The shareholder also asserted that certain directors engaged in &#8220;insider sales&#8221; from which they improperly benefited. In addition to demanding that the officers and directors be sued
 the shareholder also demanded that the Company adopt unspecified corporate governance improvements. On February 9
 2017
 pursuant to statutory procedures available in connection with demands of this type
 the Company&#8217;s board of directors appointed a special committee of qualified directors to determine
 after conducting a reasonable inquiry
 whether it was in the Company&#8217;s best interests to pursue any of the actions demanded in the shareholder&#8217;s letter. On April 26
 2017
 the special committee reported to the Company&#8217;s board of directors its determination that it was not in the Company&#8217;s best interests to take any of the demanded actions at that time
 and that no governance improvements related to the subject matter of the demand were needed. On May 5
 2017
 the special committee&#8217;s counsel informed the shareholder&#8217;s counsel of the committee&#8217;s determination. As of the date of filing of this report
 and to the Company&#8217;s knowledge
The Company is involved in various other claims and litigation incidental to its business. Although the outcome of these matters cannot be determined with certainty
 management
 upon the advice of counsel
 is of the opinion that the final outcome of currently pending matters
 other than those discussed above
The Company recognizes the costs of legal defense for the legal proceedings to which it is a party in the periods incurred. After a considerable analysis of each case
 the Company has determined that no accrual is required for any of the foregoing matters as of October 31
 2020. Future reserves may be required if losses are deemed reasonably estimable and probable due to changes in the Company&#8217;s assumptions
 the effectiveness of legal strategies
 or other factors beyond the Company&#8217;s control. Future results of operations may be materially affected by the creation of reserves or by accruals of losses to reflect any adverse determinations in these legal proceedings.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







(In thousands
823
844
956
940
12
90
91
(38
6
32
27
(In thousands
743
845
945
906
34
104
121
18
(17
40
53
(22
During the second quarter of fiscal 2020
 when the CARES Act was enacted
 the Company recognized a net discrete income tax benefit of approximately $37.5&#160;million related to net operating loss carry-back provisions
 which affects the comparability of the net income (loss) lines in the tables above. For a more detailed discussion of the Company's income taxes
 refer to Part II, Item 8, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 8 - Income Taxes.



































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020








 the Company purchased 823
385 shares of its common stock in open-market transactions at an average price of $101.37 per share. In accordance with ASC 505-30
 the Company elected to allocate the excess of the repurchase price over par value between paid-in capital and retained earnings. As a result
 approximately $59.6 million of the excess repurchase price over par value was allocated to paid-in capital and approximately $23.0 million was allocated to retained earnings. The Company made no common stock repurchases during fiscal 2019 or fiscal 2020
 except for those made pursuant to the Company's Stock Incentive Plan
 as amended and restated on February 13
 2020
 under which shares were withheld from plan participants to satisfy tax withholding obligations.



































The entire disclosure for treasury stock
 including
 but not limited to
 average cost per share
 description of share repurchase program
 shares repurchased
 shares held for each class of treasury stock.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020








 using the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 842
 Leases
 determines if an agreement is a lease at the inception of the agreement
 and when a lease exists
 we follow the guidance in ASC 842 to determine whether the lease is an operating or finance lease. The Company is a party to certain agreements that are classified as operating leases
 and those are recorded on our consolidated balance sheet as right-of-use assets
 current lease liabilities
The initial assets and corresponding liabilities recorded at commencement of our operating leases are based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term. In determining the present value
 we use the implicit interest rate in the agreement
 if provided. If an implicit interest rate is not provided
 we determine the present value of the future minimum lease payments using our incremental borrowing rate based on available information at the lease commencement. When lease agreements contain residual value guarantees that are considered probable
 those are included in calculating the amount of lease liabilities to record. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term with a corresponding reduction to the right-of-use asset and the applicable lease liability. Lease expense is classified as cost of sales or selling
The operating leases to which the Company is a party are primarily related to transportation equipment
 equipment used in production processes and the assets of independent contract producers who house our live birds. A significant portion of the costs associated with leases related to the use of assets of independent contract poultry producers who house and care for our live birds are for non-lease components of our agreements with such producers. Non-lease components of payments made to independent contract poultry producers include those related to the operating costs of
 and services provided by
 such producers. For costs associated with such leases
 we elected to account for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component
15
3
421
440
(1) Variable lease costs are attributable to payments made to independent contract poultry producers and are based on or influenced by output received from contract producers
 birds placed
13
54
Weighted-average remaining lease term as of October 31
Weighted-average discount rate as of October 31
The future maturities of obligations under non-cancelable operating leases at October 31
14
12
8
4
2
43
(2
40
785



































The entire disclosure for operating leases of lessee. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of operating lease and maturity analysis of operating lease liability.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020

SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts [Abstract]





Year Ended October 31
1
1
Year Ended October 31
3
(2
1
Year Ended October 31
3
3
260&#160;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020








 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;) and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and accounts have been eliminated in consolidation.




 The Company is engaged in the production
 processing
 marketing and distribution of fresh and frozen chicken and other prepared chicken items. The Company&#8217;s net sales and cost of sales are significantly affected by market price fluctuations of its principal products sold and of its principal feed ingredients
The Company sells to retailers
 distributors and casual dining operators primarily in the southeastern
 southwestern
 northeastern and western United States. Management periodically performs credit evaluations of its customers&#8217; financial condition and generally does not require collateral. The Company recognizes revenue in connection with a contract in which the Company has agreed to sell
 and a customer has agreed to purchase
 specific quantities of product at agreed-upon prices and when the Company's performance obligation related to that contract has been satisfied. In the majority of its contracts with customers
 the Company's performance obligation is satisfied when delivery of the product has occurred
 either at the customer's facility or the Company's facility
 depending on the terms of each contract. In a small number of contracts
 ownership of the product passes from the Company to the customer at some point during transit
 at which time the performance obligation is satisfied and revenue is recognized. Gross revenue and related receivables are recognized based on the transaction price within the contract and are reduced by estimated or known amounts for items such as rebates
 discounts
 cooperative advertising allowances and other various items to arrive at net revenue. During fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 these reductions to revenue totaled approximately $59.6&#160;million
 $66.5&#160;million and $79.2&#160;million
The cost incurred for shipping and handling activities to deliver the product to the customer is recognized in cost of sales during the period in which the corresponding revenue is recognized. Where shipping and handling activities occur after the customer has obtained control of the product
 the Company has elected to account for those expenses as fulfillment costs in cost of sales
 rather than an additional promised service. This accounting treatment is the same as the accounting treatment prior to the Company's adoption of ASU 2014-09
 Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company has
 prior to the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 accounted for freight one of two ways. First
 when the Company's agreement with its customer did not authorize the Company to invoice the customer separately for freight
 the Company attempted to negotiate a higher price
 and paid freight costs associated with the sale. In these instances
 that cost was booked as an expense in cost of sales. In some instances
 the Company's agreements with its customers authorize the Company to invoice the customer for freight costs separately on its invoice to the customer. Under these arrangements
 the Company has previously accounted for freight by recognizing revenue net of the freight costs. Subsequent to the adoption of ASU 2014-09
 both arrangements are accounted for in the same manner. That is
 in both instances
 revenue is reported gross of any freight charge
 and all freight costs are accounted for as cost of sales. Because we adopted ASU 2014-09 using the modified-retrospective transition method
 we did not restate prior-period financial statements
 and the separately-invoiced freight costs from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to cost of sales. During fiscal 2020 and 2019
 we recognized revenue of approximately $20.4&#160;million and $24.9&#160;million
 respectively
 related to those freight charges
Due to the nature of our contracts
 commissions associated with such contracts provide only a short-term benefit (i.e. less than one year); therefore
 with our adoption of ASU 2014-09
 we recognize costs of commissions paid to third-party brokers as selling
 general and administrative expenses effective as of November 1
 2018. Prior to our adoption of ASU 2014-09
 those commissions were recognized as a reduction of revenue. Because we transitioned using the modified-retrospective method
 we did not restate prior-period financial statements
 and those commissions from periods prior to fiscal 2019 remain presented as a reduction to revenue. During fiscal 2020 and 2019
 we recognized approximately $12.9&#160;million and $10.9&#160;million
 respectively
 in commissions as selling
 general and administrative expenses
Two customers each accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales for the year ended October 31
 2020. Sales to those customers accounted for 14.9% and 12.7%
 respectively
 of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2020. Sales to the same two customers accounted for 15.8% and 11.8%
 respectively
 of the Company's net sales during fiscal 2019 and 14.3% and 10.5%
 respectively
Sales of offal are considered by-products; accordingly
 these amounts reduce cost of sales and totaled $24.8 million
 $31.1 million and $34.4 million in fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
The Company sells certain of its products either directly to foreign markets or to U.S. based customers who resell the product in foreign markets. These foreign markets for fiscal 2020 were primarily Mexico
 China and Cuba
 and for fiscal 2019 and 2018 were primarily Mexico
 Cuba
 Central Asia and the Middle East. These export sales for fiscal years 2020
 2019 and 2018 totaled approximately $308.9 million
 $284.5 million and $215.8 million
 respectively. The Company does not believe that the amount of sales attributable to any single foreign country is material to its total sales during any of the periods presented. The Company&#8217;s export sales are facilitated through independent food brokers located in the United States and the Company&#8217;s internal sales staff.














 In the normal course of business
 the Company extends credit to its customers on a short-term basis
 generally less than twenty-one days. Although credit risks associated with our customers are considered minimal
 the Company routinely reviews its accounts receivable balances and records provisions for probable doubtful accounts based on an individual assessment of a customer&#8217;s credit quality as well as subjective factors and trends
 including the aging of receivable balances. In circumstances where management is aware of a specific customer&#8217;s inability to meet its financial obligations to the Company
 a specific reserve is recorded to reduce the receivable to the amount expected to be collected. If circumstances change (i.e.
 higher than expected defaults or an unexpected material adverse change in a major customer&#8217;s ability to meet its financial obligations to us)
 our estimates of the recoverability of amounts due us could be reduced by a material amount and the allowance for doubtful accounts and related bad debt expense would increase by the same amount.




 Processed and prepared inventories and inventories of feed
 eggs
Live poultry inventories of broilers are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 and breeders at cost less accumulated amortization. The costs associated with breeders
 including breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower pay
The costs associated with broiler inventories
 consisting principally of chicks
 feed
 and medicine
 are accumulated during the growing period. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age
 including estimates of payments to the independent contract producers who raise the chicks for us
 and then process and distribute those birds will be lower in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company values the broiler inventories on hand at cost and accumulates costs as the birds are grown to a marketable age subsequent to the balance sheet date. In periods where the Company estimates that the cost to grow live birds in inventory to a marketable age
 including estimates of payments to the independent contract producers who raise the chicks for us
 and then process and distribute those birds will be higher in the aggregate than the anticipated sales proceeds
 the Company will make an adjustment to lower the value of live birds in inventory to the net realizable value. The significant judgments that management makes in order to assess the net realizable value of its broiler inventory include estimating future selling prices of finished products and the related cost of sales
 primarily feed costs
 to complete. The Company's live broiler inventories were recorded at cost at October 31
 2020
 because the estimated net realizable value for all broiler flocks in inventory was higher than the estimated cost to complete those live broiler inventories. The Company recorded a charge of $2.8&#160;million at October 31
 2019 to reduce the values of live broiler inventories on hand at those dates from cost to net realizable value.



Property
 Plant and Equipment

 Plant and Equipment: Property
 plant and equipment is stated at cost. Depreciation of property
 plant and equipment is provided by the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of 15 to 39 years for buildings and 3 to 12 years for machinery and equipment.




 The Company continually reevaluates the carrying value of its long-lived assets based on events or changes in circumstances which indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. As part of this reevaluation and when indicators are present

 an impairment loss
 based on the fair value of the assets
 is recognized through a charge to operations.




 Insurance expense for workers&#8217; compensation benefits and employee-related health care benefits are estimated using historical experience and actuarial estimates. The Company utilizes an outside third party specialist to assist management in estimating the reserve ultimately recorded in the financial statements. The Company accrues expenses in its workers&#8217; compensation and employee benefit plans for both known claims as well as claims incurred but not reported. Stop-loss coverage is maintained with third party insurers to limit the Company&#8217;s total exposure. Management regularly reviews the assumptions used to recognize periodic expenses. Any resulting adjustments to accrued claims are reflected in current operating results. There are no material adjustments to expenses accrued in prior periods in current expenses. The total amounts recorded for the Company's reserve for workers' compensation benefits as of October 31
 2020 and October 31
 2019 are $21.5&#160;million and $20.6&#160;million
 respectively.




 The Company expenses advertising costs as incurred. Advertising costs are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses and totaled $19.0 million
 $19.9 million and $38.9 million for fiscal 2020
 2019 and 2018
 respectively.




 Deferred income taxes are accounted for using the liability method and relate principally to depreciation expense
The Company is periodically audited by taxing authorities and considers any adjustments
 interest
 and penalties incurred as a result of the audits in computing and reporting income tax expense. Any audit adjustments could have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s effective tax rate. Tax periods for fiscal years 2016 through 2020 remain open to examination by federal and state taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject.





 including grants of restricted stock and performance-based shares
 in the statement of operations based on their fair values. For performance-based shares
 the Company recognizes expense when management determines the performance criteria are probable of being met. The Company recognizes forfeitures of share-based payments during the period in which the forfeitures occur.




 Basic earnings per share is based upon the weighted average number of common shares outstanding during the year. Share-based payment awards entitling holders to receive non-forfeitable dividends before vesting are considered participating securities and thus included in the calculation of basic earnings per share. These awards are included in the calculation of basic earnings per share under the two-class method. The two-class method allocates earnings for the period between common shareholders and other security holders. The participating awards receiving dividends are allocated the same amount of income as if they were outstanding shares. Diluted earnings per share includes any dilutive effects of options
 warrants
 restricted stock and convertible securities.




 The Company  holds certain items that are required to be disclosed at fair value
Level 2 &#8211; Inputs used to measure fair value
 other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date through correlation with market data
 including quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and quoted prices in markets that are not active. Level 2 also includes assets and liabilities that are valued using models or other pricing methodologies that do not require significant judgment since the input assumptions used in the models
 such as interest rates and volatility factors
Fair values for debt are based on quoted market prices or published forward interest rate curves and were categorized as Level 2 measurements. As of October 31
 2020 and October 31
 2019
 the fair values of the Company's borrowings under its revolving credit facility approximate the carrying value.




In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
 Leases. The guidance is intended to increase transparency and comparability among companies by requiring an entity that is a lessee to recognize on the balance sheet the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities arising from all leases with terms
 as defined by the guidance
 of greater than twelve months. The guidance also requires disclosure of key information about leasing arrangements. The Company adopted this guidance during the first quarter of fiscal 2020
 and we used the transition method that requires a cumulative-effect adjustment to the beginning balance of retained earnings during the period of adoption
 rather than restating prior-period financial statements; however no such cumulative-effect adjustment was required. This guidance also provides certain practical expedients
 including a practical expedient package during transition. We elected to use this package
 which allowed the Company to carry forward its determination of whether a lease exists
 the classification of a lease
 and whether initial direct lease costs exist for purposes of transition to the new standard. We did not utilize the hindsight practical expedient. As of October 31
 2020
 we recognized right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of approximately $40.8&#160;million
 primarily related to transportation equipment. Adoption did not have a material effect on our consolidated statements of operations and cash flows. For further information regarding the Company's leases
In June 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-13
 Financial Instruments - Credit Losses
The guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim  periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2019
In December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes
 which is intended to simplify various aspects related to accounting for income taxes. ASU 2019-12 removes certain exceptions to the general principles in Accounting Standards Codification 740 and also clarifies and amends existing guidance to improve consistent application. This guidance is effective for annual periods
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December 15
 2020
In March 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-04
 Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting
 which provides optional expedients and exceptions for applying U.S. GAAP to contract modifications and hedging relationships
 subject to meeting certain criteria
 that reference LIBOR or another reference rate expected to be discontinued. This options guidance
 which became effective on March 12
 2020
 and can be applied through December 31
 2022
 has not affected our consolidated financial statements. We have a revolving credit facility that references LIBOR
 and we are assessing how this standard may be applied to specific contract modifications through December 31
 2022.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the allowance for doubtful accounts for trade and other accounts receivable balances
 and when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for self-insurance reserves
 including
 but not limited to incurred but not reported reserves (IBNR).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







Fresh
1
408
1
137
1
158
Fresh
1
200
1
310
1
139
Fresh
509
511
503
240
213
211
184
240
207
20
27
15
3
564
3
440
3
236
004













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







October&#160;31
180
179
Feed
53
47
32
35
16
20
7
7
290
289
928



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Tables)


Oct. 31
 2020

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Property
 Plant and Equipment
Property
 plant and equipment
 net
October&#160;31
931
892
1
350
1
236
16
11
2
299
2
139
(1
074
(953
Property
 plant and equipment
1
224
1
185
860



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020

Prepaid Expense
 Current [Abstract]





October&#160;31
36
33
10
8
10
14
57
56
931







Tabular disclosure of the amounts paid in advance for capitalized costs that will be expensed with the passage of time or the occurrence of a triggering event
 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







October&#160;31
9
9
11
19
17
13
12
10
12
11
22
8
11
9
98
82
940













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







October 31
Revolving credit facility (weighted average interest rates of 1.4% at October 31
 2020 and 3.3% at October 31
25
55
25
55
000









The aggregate annual maturities of long-term debt at October 31
25
25
000



































Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))



























Tabular disclosure of short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders
 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020








Years Ended October&#160;31
(114
2
(1
(112
(1
71
13
(28
2
2
(3
(5
(2
67
11
(29
(44
10
(30
874)




October&#160;31
Property
167
148
2
1
169
150
8
8
1
1
4
7
8
9
3
1
(2
(5
3
54
27
76
141
74
132




Years Ended October&#160;31
(3
13
7
(39
(37
1
1
1
(3
(2
4
4
4
(1
(1
(1
(1
2
1
1
(3
(5
(5
(44
10
(30
874)



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







October 31
October 31
October 31
28
53
61
27
52
60
21
21
22
21
21
22
429&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







Outstanding at October&#160;31
301
65
(84
(2
Outstanding at October&#160;31
279
88
(77
(6
Outstanding at October&#160;31
284
68
(89
(3
Outstanding at October&#160;31
260
478




October 31
October 31
October 31
November 1
145
3
November 1
84
2
5
November 1
13
1
November 1
November 1
3
8
Note (1) - As of October 31
 2020
 the Company could not determine that achievement of the applicable performance-based criteria is probable for the agreements entered into on November 1
 2019 due to operating results to date and the uncertainties discussed above
 and therefore recorded no compensation expense related to those agreements.



































Tabular disclosure of cost recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement by plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 related tax benefit.




























Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







(In thousands
823
844
956
940
12
90
91
(38
6
32
27
(In thousands
743
845
945
906
34
104
121
18
(17
40
53
(22
871)



































Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020







15
3
421
440
(1) Variable lease costs are attributable to payments made to independent contract poultry producers and are based on or influenced by output received from contract producers
 birds placed
13
54
Weighted-average remaining lease term as of October 31
Weighted-average discount rate as of October 31
 2020




The future maturities of obligations under non-cancelable operating leases at October 31
14
12
8
4
2
43
(2
40
785







Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest expense for finance lease
 amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease
 operating lease cost
 short-term lease cost
 variable lease cost and sublease income.
























































Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }







































564
267


440
258


236
004





370
111)


158
323)


974
739)



Selling
 General and Administrative Expense

750)


141)


965)
















800


600





500


600







000


900


900





785









785





























800























Property plant and equipment
 estimated useful life


























Property plant and equipment
 estimated useful life


























Property plant and equipment
 estimated useful life


























Property plant and equipment
 estimated useful life


























Highly liquid investments included as cash equivalents
 maximum maturities




























900


500


800























800


100


400






































































































Selling
 General and Administrative Expense

900


900


000























400


900











000























600)


500)


200)







Amortization period of costs associated with breeders
 including breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower pay
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format. For example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Entity Wide Revenue
 Major Customer
 Number



















































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))





















































































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.




























Amount
 including tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value-added and excise.




























Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).




























Carrying amount (including both current and noncurrent portions) of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which no insurance coverage exists
 and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted
 typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018













564
267


440
258


236
004



Fresh
 chill-packed chicken



















408
564


137
679


158
320



Fresh
 vacuum-sealed chicken



















200
343


310
157


139
386



Fresh
 ice-packed chicken



















481


480


562























806


024


465























662


811


548























411


107


723




































Amount
 including tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value-added and excise.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019











007


928



















013


870



Feed
 eggs and other















318


417



















952


121



















142


032



















582


488




































Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Details) - USD ($)
Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]








674


089





350
725


236
095





914


149





299
313


139
333





074
567)


473)



Property
 plant and equipment
 net

224
746


185
860







Land and buildings
 Gross




























Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.

























































Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.
























































Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019


Prepaid Expense
 Current [Abstract]








109


617





675


859





760


455





544


931







Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for other costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for insurance that provides economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of consideration paid in advance for supplies that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019











996


687





282


525





977


529





207


592





606


331





939


290





656


986



Accrued expenses
 total

663


940



CARES Act
 payroll tax deferral

700









CARES Act
 Payroll Tax Deferral

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory payroll taxes incurred through that date and withheld from employees pertaining to services received from them
 including entity's matching share of the employees FICA taxes and contributions to the state and federal unemployment insurance programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).






















































































Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019









Revolving credit facility (weighted average interest rates of 1.4% at October 31
 2020 and 3.3% at October 31
 2019)

000














000


000

















Revolving credit facility (weighted average interest rates of 1.4% at October 31
 2020 and 3.3% at October 31
 2019)

000


000





000


000



Debt
 weighted average interest rate




































































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





































Revolving credit facility
 maximum borrowing capacity





000
000
000.0



Line of credit facility
 amount available

800
000

























Line of credit facility
 amount available



800
000













































































Revolving credit facility
 maximum debt to total capitalization ratio








Maximum increase
 ratio of indebtedness to net capital










000
000
000.0







Revolving credit facility
 outstanding borrowings

000
000.0

























Revolving credit facility
 outstanding borrowings



000
000.0

























200
000





























200
000









Ratio Of Indebtedness To Net Capital
 Maximum Increase



















































































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Oct. 31
 2020



























































































































































Debt Instrument
 Leverage Ratio

























































The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Apr. 30
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018















CARES Act
 income tax benefit
 operating loss





400
000







CARES Act
 income tax expense





300
000









500
000








505
000





























Effective income tax rate
 excluding discrete items
















637
000


452
000


637
000











100
000


800
000


000







333
000


576
000


333
000











400
000













100
000




















































300
000







































300
000











Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 CARES Act
 Income Tax Benefit
 Operating Loss
 Amount




























Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 CARES Act
 Income Tax Expense
 Amount




























Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Excluding Discrete Items
 Percent










































































































































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.






















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018













734)









609




169)





125)




769)














214


966


845)







753


146





185)


380)


406)





540


339


105)





585)


553


874)







Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance
 Including Change In Tax Legislation
 Amount












































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019









Property
 plant and equipment

257


505





299


911





556


416












311


172





441


155





543


528





576


333





184







004







452)


637)





277


461





884


284





672


132







Deferred Tax Assets
 Accrued Expenses and Accounts Receivable












































































































































































Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.
















































































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.





















































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Apr. 30
 2020
Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018

















425)


408


132







086)









500)






505)







188


189


014







858


121


117







284)


388)


638)







303


786


890







185)


380)


297)


















585)


553


874)





























926)


139)































904)











Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 CARES Act
 Amount




























Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Expiration Of Tax Credit

























































Amount of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation
 attributable to expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes expense determined to be nondeductible upon grant or after for award under share-based payment arrangement.






















































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.
















































































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax credits. Including
 but not limited to
 research credit
 foreign tax credit
 investment tax credit
 and other tax credits.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands




Oct. 31
 2020
Jul. 31
 2020
Apr. 30
 2020
Jan. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Jul. 31
 2019
Apr. 30
 2019
Jan. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018





























922


810


118


576)


871)


362


636


833)


274


294


431














































902


516


553





















943


829


429





















943


829


429

























































Participating Securities
 Distributed and Undistributed Earnings (Loss)
 Basic and Diluted


















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018






































Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution
 percent of employees' salary








Employee benefit plans
 total employer contribution


























Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution
 percent of employees' salary


























Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution
 percent of employees' salary


























Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution percentage


























Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution percentage

















































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Feb. 13
 2020
Nov. 01
 2019
Feb. 11
 2016
Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018
Oct. 31
 2017
Feb. 17
 2011
Feb. 17
 2005























Stock compensation plan
 maximum shares that may be issued (in shares)

800
000




200
000










500
000


250
000



Stock compensation plan
 additional shares that may be issued (in shares)

000




000

























































Stock compensation plan
 maximum shares that may be issued (in shares)





112
500










562
500


500











000
000.0


400
000


500
000

















300
000





















478


270


431


229




































089


031


696









Restricted stock awards vested
 weighted average fair value (in usd per share)




























378


464


352

















675


334


250



















































Stock compensation plan
 vesting period (in years)






































































000


774
000


579
000








































































Share purchase plan
 company's matched contributions




























000


000


000



















































Share purchase plan
 percentage compensation received in the form of restricted stock






























































Share purchase plan
 percentage compensation received in the form of restricted stock






























































Share purchase plan
 percentage compensation received in the form of restricted stock






























































Stock compensation plan
 vesting period (in years)




























134


350


697






































206


142


040









Restricted stock awards vested
 weighted average fair value (in usd per share)



























































































185


741


565
















































































000


270
000



















055























































Stock compensation plan
 vesting period (in years)



















































































Stock compensation plan
 vesting period (in years)






























































Stock compensation plan
 vesting period (in years)

















































000
000.0























































Stock compensation plan
 vesting period (in years)


































































575



























































Stock compensation plan
 vesting period (in years)






























































Stock compensation plan
 vesting period (in years)





























































































































Stock compensation plan
 vesting period (in years)























































































Allocated Share-based Compensation Expense
 Potential Accrual




























Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual
 Contributions by Plan Participants
 Percentage of Salary
 Maximum




























Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual
 Employer Contribution
 Percentage




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Requisite Additional Service Period



















































































































Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.




























The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018













270


431


229





675


334


250





089)


031)


696)





378)


464)


352)





478


270


431

























































































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.






















































































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018













000


774
000


579
000























197













341
000























511











504
000


238
000

























055







000


270
000











































































































































Number
 before forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






























445







165







500
000





701









785
000























































































































































Amount of the unrecorded obligation to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices (for example
 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Oct. 31
 2020
Jul. 31
 2020
Apr. 30
 2020
Jan. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Jul. 31
 2019
Apr. 30
 2019
Jan. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018





























023


455


711


078


489


152


229


388


564
267


440
258


236
004





716


458


428




743


008


396


988











922


810


118


576)


871)


362


636


833)


274


294


431
































Revenue
 Net


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Apr. 30
 2020
Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018















500






505







Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands



Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018


Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]














385


















463












Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]














639












Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]














001






























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















673





342





900





915
































































Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.




























Amount of short-term lease cost
 excluding expense for lease with term of one month or less.




























Amount of variable lease cost
 excluded from lease liability
 recognized when obligation for payment is incurred for finance and operating leases.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





















860





665



Weighted-average remaining lease term as of October 31
 2020 (years)




Weighted-average discount rate as of October 31
 2020




































Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.

























































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















944





546





915





842





396





643





858)





785







Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due After Year Four
















































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Oct. 31
 2020
Oct. 31
 2019
Oct. 31
 2018


SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Movement in Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Roll Forward]










260


260


260







000)
















260


260


260






























































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

O87!P+GAM
&ULS9+!
M:L

_1!XQD

5GSFA=5753K/5^+AHO[U?OD^L/O)NR\L0?[






B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1








M







_#




1MSRRW.M-D2[NP'-'623F47#\/IUGUN-7P;09R]'*D@
MA66TA


%:
MP]-+PU^-QM]/O9_A^4?PANI):/+78&&LAO3_&X%L[R';&62[:C6_O*Q%V8KA
MX=1K?D98=/8L.O58#*1


M

U

MPU


JVQB?(M5JH4O
M

M$V/2\HRKP/PA#
:M

MD2$XT(/2I7I1@7/#-;PP@R 0  0PX182XUA(/L


]CX9UV6+9)3)T%JKYQ=B
M7.V9[6J7\-:&K@JUBBQ$?AI)$B@I\\;?)H)4CX U[*CIKF-P*T0FM?#0;'I7
M*@[!# A



8SCGG9
MLEY5 %2EOW_0
L(M9-\O&$?&E8L_!!128[A8JF 58%5]K
*0_)IMIYQ5WF@Y

66%!?L6N(Z\I

BYX;6RM
MF7UOVS80A[\*X1;%!CBU2+VGCH'$R= .61/4Z?8W+=.Q4$E422HO^_0[RHYD

*;04YX5\FRT4:H\G4QDLF$YE1]YR0KX
M9


M]76#VN+OE#W*O6ND0UER_D/??%F=C1RMB&4L4=H%A7\/;



1E
'-Q&$;FP/PF

M. G/2UJDS#@5?D^
TY';M_ \WZPU:+0&5JU?B@=8&EP

M%L4Q&1C'L-$6'AG'=56LZG%


M@\0(NWY'H\$LPO!C%HF=-O
Q6@LY0NTRQ5DEME
8M); =$PW_2OJLDYPQ_G[*A]WF[0W\

HNR4(L1/DDJT9C.[JZ!F'].& /1R$


BG.Z\;:SG''L;XUVN%X#!6D+%G]$B9[-LYO'X^$0/?=M6@T<P:.$*2%*+%#
M]!8*A!.H5A-:IL HT(#0QV/='.GP0P.L7AHQ[0
P% W0B+4O):U@J]7K<\&S%A/SP+H)D_:FN%I1Y\ONHA+P9

*8Z6#
Y\&O!U
M)E@^(S@]H0M.Q4J_A[M






4YQ)4EB1
_K[%6.S&EFN]/'CDZTB;!_9D

N89[H50'

\=V# )




R[I*B2D
M:B1SK]-
Y[^.3&?W]:QTVP_+/T^

MCC:3 MJNW=K





^
YX/&!LM]\



X.MUX23=;4=ZP)N
=WI %

U)P5-: $;6MZ


C DL$W#-)P3T:]#A?B6O@P*\ V<@V!#0]VQQ&!O/X?/-P@(W3U
.I_#D]


$-3R@60S0?(

M'WB$#8]PD

M2BUC PS!R/?
U**&6O1YJW7[UT0DTMM(\@A]M=T




MZFP


S





,Q<1)=&5Z+C=IQ\E*Y)%4K*3=-N;6++OCO\[\OBCE.&&9Y_S
M)6

MM1(:I8/1L/SN




M+ 43NHK

\3@&
M<A/;TS\JV=A./7@3F_YSR4MHG3!$V8JLZ--NBOKC)2Z[+-J7-K86ZOL G-
MER
'J*0=6P KC8=Q]@/7%=1YVKJ%+.6/*^6Y_7*NUQGBV4Q:?P.+
I- ^3%
MA.WVE4FTIZOQ

M2]0.

M.*M*5YY^


J(1!
MX/D=H$ -*U$_+!5E!Z@95Q%;12*^YP=J'R


M+;'A)OIWP(ET(G:U4P-#U$_#[P$&I#



MEO$E]IWOO?.[B\_?

'8


MX_YJ_AN.9H1C(5.4-;9,7R%3V#2)57^+94-]*\=MQD']79W0/9'1=NF&(3
M


$B$5 BKYL*1[2 2B0OGN-];:YY^X973YIUX'0\WU[O5GY?C'OV
M.BC\3U MR][YWW/D*S
W!

MA8 
EXJRV^F?6
#K&5(;DI7F52V85&_4;%





M_CCP)2]+TY

TW#\??7WK^UY#69QTSQI2S_%D6S.9\E
U3P=;8O


U_:R6Q;:_JB
NM^












O^Q 1E4F_A5

MD@QR3Q)OV'\3E7;$[P_[07R)7WRO9*W;Z(Z/ 5+S@RP/YD$&:4(EUV6G@$
#



MBKP21KJJPG@.48#C=^53FP%


M2760O_L!KD)_HALP\.E@ 
$ZR+*)NJBV

MFA*6!I&S0UT8

;TP#^C?B[KX'U!+ P04     #@.Y%1Y<M@W$8;  #]4   &    'AL+W=O



!A M/+KM[_NG@M 2K8KJ7W:%ULD!C
]/7WY^C+\
M^M!V[_S6VKYXOZL;_\W9MN_W+QX_]N76[HR?MWO;T)-UV^U
3Q^[S6._[ZRI


MZNS!9W\7V
FJ;=_APYOJF[
+$&1K6_:8P=!_M_;:UC4F(C+^T#G/XI)X
?\[

M\JPH!]^W.WV9*-BY1OXW[Y4/V0O/+NYY8:DO+)EN68BI?&UZ\^W777LH.HRF

MN*=%


\#SR)SSA!9[\?3Q]

M[*UM!DO_ERV1EF0L
)H


M:]72T35M3_O_8W =E*^NB9 .W

MDJ@M
R;
LC7$43HVVB_Q'

@\:*]6-ZW


M (VR[M:L@F5+;S'*JB*GDOU7XX9C5W



MD$ 1-3+&8[-&7@?$MJ(\]PC9;W0 ]L
$LRZ3S^R5XI%!;%?DG0!-6*0(AH_U


MJG8?8
$IQ%&D

+7L%?BC3%%N9\F=:[8^1HN1%_K13X^B:VQ9&







2=2

XU-


I?F3Q.!#BKE8

-


D[\\[&
M9):60+P?=GM-#N&8I10G7863J14V0<V$(HKS#?01M+$Y1F4$FJ(WE!S_G6H

SX$



#/[1C4Z&3HU






M'NT

S@=5W2-G$)O1L
MC+LTK((3(?A 
!J60D16@9'9;#J[







M57%%.G@BP6=&MAK$R:1-C+U$Z7I.@ZN1RI:8\*:)S0\80JAD#@62Z86Q(-

MZUQL

SM.6H3O

/85R?W+L0R%?CY2%U.P*J=EQ8$Q628P4
M

9D$3+K8%5C#=!)V\)#S



M2-/E28G1_*GY2A?BHB0*E@$69XLDFB$+PIF40E49L6UA%FQ&7:]H_[](R=

0X(H
MCB=-'28*&YFAGU1-'Y6V%L]3T73&'R?UW
NL*#(M GV@MO6F*='R]+-YC_3+


W-8%)$$\..DSL
H+F^M-Q0EZCT%


M&


M#H62OQ(_]8*?,%,QAY7]+^<$_@A7)=GB*??L@DO.9J*LP4@HK*PLOT!EV;R


M0!8!YN'7$(M]'YTIA5!]-^R.Z]1@5VJ.T8L=7&UGA\K%^E!Y0X1)2%WR'LD0



U@$Q05V[98ZU;()H(


(A/.^/0

DK



2DT ZSD.T=8_O.'
+



E@MKV268U
8\SA'IKXMH
5#R0NNATV-)%@
M
M(EWL(

7BV:SX9]O+!9?KG*(48-YD=ZLP










M-\DM8=[?$0YX2JT1.^2PFJANIFI^M4

M&1__^XT#T].!J3\P_3^Z^R:5NYQ79A05K@.Z?0;U(P:O\W]IJ4K5TY7K9 -6
M['J$^CD9#:A)@Z1+;T1/WNX)1JWJB=I1T7:C]-
5W':F$CW\B4+[-_ B$%^^
M#)1PMY!L%Q+XJ9-@6S49(6OS
 <Q2Z.297GJ

$#



M2P





'%^F*M.NL.]B8^9!MC-6
MU3V8%-1=E_^TM_#$2 -WPP'L!:W5VB5N4MMWPQTVH/VD43FS/:4ELTB1/2

/5T1)-X!9-ID73/O]S(0FD=H;+W%S 1^H%:!2]7?WZ;JV5

M^W&40C+VDV@


M-E8U;1.NE:66;LV29BAJ%T#^C5+VL'$)AJF\^ 502P
$%     @ X#N14?X-
+\6X=? C=F3P;'9*G4@U.^
MYU


M
%B47%H&7.9P]=B(FCIO)[ZE'

6








05A0:GHX$'NMLZG6)5
MW4[Z4EG:&ZU8T*)&[1S(OE+*[A27H%_]L[]02P
$%     @ X#N14;YS_.%L


D!\05CU_ I%,.M%*;2<
*+/X$*B=H:?XV-,J/HMXEYM+2(?

*A8%O5QMM%#V

DSR)8
PSWW()2E$&RQ EF JA%+6)#4NMC.@DY0;5,-ATA!-
MX0T7%@[S42AW\*:*:.!;%)FV]:<
Z_ 502P
$%     @ X#N144XC#_'V


M7O

M1M#@@F^DN]+;#WC@


WG/, U[^-XEW_.Y1 M<-1 (<VGAVVQNG:%7\?V)$(
^Q$


M614/V;#7&9QSY[6CN!J-(






M3J_#\)AK1Z







SHA1)_A=-!!+Y(#?(6Z[+!RI[ &F7TQ=FX#/2S
M+;C8!QC L
ZZ;&/=9?8LXJ]Y[--X=$C9
!L^@S?NV(X3WO@)O _\8,.N7&A
M]DQ_7LQ]
B





MP#KF(3FYJ;*RU#'ET9RY*Z?:UF+E3!EEFTS?Y]1RZ3H%*:1(P=)%P+9H2=95




MJ?=&V-UF(\WAC2KU_M4@&C0//A2K=4T/+E^_W
J5NE/UK]OW!M\N6RF+8J
J


MO#T3DI?KTO*KV+NU23(0^



B+#9%S4;!V*):O#-04DC<FG
X9NYS#\*G*'WLLH5BX0L

DDRR)J40:MC=ZMUCZ$I.P2X$-
VC6S








M6

7BZMJEG39U$T2I[TB?H$@@@KS[B7NH?#

M4/BTV6K&U2G.N(@PT
@61NU(W/FZ'$V:'+Y%NS05M/N UEL!D-=Z03 NMCN/


M?F6
PS$Q).5Q6!9R7I0NT;J
; YNPTDYD_L0@W@@+!Z;=$E8PPK2MGOIMU


E

$^NF_';IO-1$TR#NA?@W
M9PL/7 +CDJ:$;8F9P5;,+PE0.F=A7[V J42848A?G#6_&=[[+/X/=H'*3)


)A

MVY.PWO2%]R2^H.X/U-6'0&Q+4I2.I.*V)19.9L$Q\22E3^
LF(03[%!;62QX
MI1L-O;9Q$
]F(@IF421^T34BMWCD6$B=P5M3-

M[O!

M:&L-1H4PCA
!#
29!U8O\5 S%@6.A/WI5
R D*0%9_
;P6HLD 3B'?LDL(0
MWZ'1;^=0-1-8D;A-$DOQ
\/9Z@DB--43



:@:TM.#UA^D*T[UT@&?FE)@(RNYXKN*






6@J %ODQK56/^*4+O=XJ ESV&*

MZS8N.IK=NTSC6\F6;G/5E];3:/NU)/JV?\=
P#G6B2AB
(X=:\2G
*.&S/WX
MIAE0NBLDFK0XPR@
W57B
)D%(3%IKC[QM^W[YT3PG'NZ:9BDQ.TN'G ?XFI@


^Z?2?:GUEO\=
MG.NZUAO^N%82X:$%^'VI==U\H0/:OXM?_P]02P






+B




M^CX


/OCA+^O%X[;ZDI_GH#?W3 'P7\T?_*XIL8/'U7
M;B=37$0T7@[M'J-3CM^@]31LX/ATP1V9P4X^TZ!XD+6TF0
B%8_?%G)39&@=





MWA@JYG;-$'H..W=J9R=A1R;RA&..^_#^S;^9Y+E7N,RT,:-6ET

M

1D1
1[VQ(R)RZ0W&B9PJVA*U;KBL#F;5
 CSEGG[CGW

M]/HW


#


MFA:[@&%=['2=M6

MY

A1[/6V!=7(A)\K91VMU%)5'^






L0/NOC/KWA;!5^
1FP(?%A





F94A'EIA6?)7 EJOP/*U





M62
_52S#V+==)!A+$S1




;X$O1E=12/S(2Y:.E4.K\'4ICNSBH=2

M92)0J=5!*EX?C&=M
K%?+P?$TKRA#M:AH K#
Z:*#3A^I:F67VJJ[)2I/+;?


!_'$1+4KU9- __Q\O-4@2S92YV [XS*(
M\15M P^9QT#*%M




_79P7$Q9$R\!;I!DNB&(??#^L


5X4/(G@1O/+9D%76L/KM%

281=9&Z)T1(1QOU9U






MHZQ

M80=(_=WX@&O4C(W:
%.
L:D=MC('AWRN/_!@J%S_;CNA.6(.UA6?3.L*^SF)
MAAI44 VZ_BCDK&YH0+EYPFCBS3TT



YZH;MNG46Q1CU -0





ACS].EPW'W8


H[D


2O(#UPE5*DEW295



7!)DJ'&:8K7


M965T

M(AH.F
&

M%DVS^O;! S=;Z*5R1W:E*_BEL/52-?!G/7_@5K56.0U:E@].CX\?/U@J4QV\

M_+SZ6

G4VBO\XVW^


!@J6I^/_J




7NM:Y]ET Q]+$KMK#2)3ST$W '29FM=:
M$]!'V7=JMKCI

MTP%16E9Y0*]?@;[
(Q5H2/U;:U9$VL8VJH0)__WD^.G1(] L90DC)J!]F@5!

M'*9HG8


@@J+=4:4%
MRA ]3\XR_C4V0KXL:DWN#%Y.X,E:%+X@$R)5(2G3)VIH@.(PK.B(EH:Y%_

M
R:@PV60]C]7!M?_!.NP7@11@\$70(&&F!




_B?ICE&.IQ\!C^1:W:OU!Z$K4GJ#L2#I)$]&HG&#&36 1CMO

M;CCDU[9BM0T$



@4!DS'8!Q&



26M;-8&V
M &#V:YO'U

MB MDJ36

\IK4!\O982SS\9U')2N)$*W1*ZWE+65U;)2$9_A4CY*<)4=XKPGK
M^ 

D(
'2C;94C[A23:K1)$'_O:R:Y6UADQ




*M /%.8F6*-&ZG]34<<



R).LVO]XDF[;X^T_BH]$
M#ZA.0TF=N K^:FB/R$-/:8&+KG59**S<H@FRRM2@[*K930IO7B+&68W#=<&

DW
M[858+%!GH$YHC5\6UUCA5Z@3WLF,,!9(XL3I;V&ZHTH&CE-/+E;4POZ!%M


MZ+V:'T\7ATKGK@63[P__)H9ALUB.@HEADK274^\0X)]$%#N2N=?3#!R!(,
M]!$RX'%H:@3G?D
=@4[L/J^U*/AUJ69S'0.G!H00'U2:G+D526:+9D[! ./

=R=A

M$ ]@J3U'WP$A]D
A6#*%RHOVU526-A:)G9AQF&8@NSI8JGPVS//)/VU!&Y


V0

M-$TW9S)3%6J%%3:AB9]@VP;@\+DA0%]\


M-Q]+!UA^T9DNG24!A;K(!4

MI%B3C/;.9^\[$7SHDXJ-1*&M@S-BG9:.FQ(6\JCNY^1?*G+QOK?DI:_V H(
M1LF!T),94XU8*D!KG+B2RI#6LWW_$%PLJ0Z7#*5 %TW[LI;J@@!?$UWD-
M+N.B&Y^L04%HEO;=E: 52[
M#;X#3YG


MR+:Q*$LH1LJ GAYI6CJ] 2;
B&RZW1S/TMK3T&7N%WGCI


MN*+!8%C NS0.#:K/L\?.GI


M$U(+VP/ED59
7YA;UDOS$UA F_\S8G\U,[O WBJHM*4+\,=*XBWMO+(1SW-
MY /G+F8&*SYSZS/O[U5*EITEV_BF!AA%:9VS6%C#ZF;JVY+/5+88O(F58M0

TO=)TTN$&R/Z#I<FQ2Q;#7H8
M.KJZU]8^*(MR




MXX9=SN&]NK_#KQA[/I@ .G)WF'MPDP+7O8/WE^\.[B=&$[^5X8


1:--8

M-/H2QKJQ!

M;.9RU[EY@TH/. TP')^5FOU3@$Y\B35N?D5%K&ZNF[3@/66\#X
PLJ39B.
MP_RA.*)4Z.DXI4!Y:G]PBU@;S-W\,*JT0R&^DL)T$7^*'.]5_65;KR@VTM



UURL@*H8^7&Y\LLKDC?$G+W;








M7/!



MBMQ!LOH974V8


',[:G/!W+:Z3M#=P_%Z=@,7J65CVV=%1P:T08R,)V&JZBZ7'YH'32+QCW
M@$QZY]VKC.1]E?OJ0.$!K*;EL%%L
*%.SA63MA]%$*!?X.@ =X.-* %XP
M0K4 O$GO#R\=_-#FF^P'B)DQH?!1UWBD
\DFI

T/WN:S

M[0_?T=M^^^1(FA









\;&51D/F[J01EI69MJYWL=
^9W^LSZ:'2QSVN!(L







=3









EO


O]E
MTEH'

M:^R

:?\??5H_O;7H QAD%H]R-M


'IP<)-^Y!0O#\Y/OCT_/7@ (^/CKUZLP#9!

M8&WK*P+OU3\ 4$L#!!0    ( . [D5%F(:L9#@0  



MKFN5/8T:YW:O)Q-;-=@)&^L=*MK9:-


.3P+*Y!L!_!#  ^\A46#Y

Y_Q%
MQ)\J%T.6



T6$12=(].


M;#M;US2K1)B=&^3%/2U84O8(TS^;T50[^*)++)\#)$QKXI:=N%UE;R+^
M4E 
^7P&69JE;^#ED]8\X.6OX'WYWDDZPI_;G2/+Y?#7&YB7$^9EP+S\'_+W

M7*G!]_


+3[&[[F1E/(S80P_DODW%KUPDXB@Z4Z/X3+\CB=POT#X 7N
MOYXEKQ$E@C;/K_)I8/RQ]KX

MG]Q8?S=\L=K/2[A50G
2F3B/8N[K





BYX;6R=6&MO
7O1D4(]<UDXM-E=*/;:TJ/
FM


)_ZX\.OR:]ETR7JO+:5L*I_&[T
+OYL*3U


MSF25*J$K\9FMJD/7H*LLJDRSQL




ME?XSYEX*4BJGEP1$U1;YL

\2@XW0@9*JMME?&A[Y.]/VH0


M(-ZG.



MU BAB7







M\X68K9*K]POQ=#0XQ

7%[)U8SF?)]70J?K;4?@Z\+I?3Y'JV

M?95=2C1KN:7:0U\_]@1FLDI6#5YJ[0;9[]YKQ07% X^+\?K4$0F90^ YZ14/
M\_'R^C^
 H&N7;TI[+@)O:E0?C,XJP&QJ1XB&HSVE!+Q!\7'\[_6W!:





M



'\D5EK22254P0T.U


HE5..#.^8:)B
M]?Z4*7RNF.#9 R^7

X$*6


MP S

+^3&'*#:8'8&0[2^89D;C+IK=A^_
2KG-9:8JN#^ ;
E57 ]!9
OP\75&:<
M*DM@1M#@Z-VQ!ZKNN?7 R)7K<[$TU#6=F=,SA<HZT'HFI=D,;(#VX1O_!E!+
M P04     #@.Y%1RF[)0FP:   #40  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M970R-YX;6R]7%F3VT:2_BN(7GO'BBI)EM'2[(4T6I)L]JP9Q1N'P\;^U $
MBF19($!7 4VU?_WFEUD70#8EC2?V16H2J*RLO*_B]_O6?G0;K;OBT[9NW
NS
M3=?MGC]\Z


M/+L\*RJ]4GW=_=3N_TO[ ST&O+*M'?];[.7=1T_/BK)W7;OUBPF#K6GD?_7)


M()#'Z'D:V&OE#


Y?7+?;G6KN^-/\





T%6A)M=-$N:[-F.M+!:K80M&^W(8#Q+

NAB/];IJY6Q
!P)#ZS*MR6)*=H
M^NV2-J1WXHDG!4RW=1NS&R.[4\X1.\@(;0?RP)1.^ )_1W\4NY8L?%'U%DBQ




F8^&F&S=



M/YM$'\_&Y7IH?J^#^1TZ
Z+09+C/O= ]BE[L*)Y5D;:KYD%^[;8JSN_LY8

Z5^Q\%04*Y$7^U&/C:)K;%D9E(! . 9NH5H;34 94


39C2$


M\)8B8OCU*47LA(KW%%( &6VFF2#8B(%12


K!JAX\2]P;#?:64?O  25I.PDE@S;*!QK_;EK/'BP:%Q

M_VAO-8?C7


M

M?^?D*$



WG:&6IT5C9





MN\\!\#7%*BKQ$=()J?$TM7E[IV$OT))DR9P_!MLNGOF\#$9EV9L:$B':=8'G
M\T7V?*M(1!K
 @RP.LFH;&YO?MH D'\Q-OC8']IF/85B591O.GT\;CH-$?.?
MSQUIOGYYMO.NZNQSVQS$H!1W]!SVD)+(Q(N6WF&IK.48G/4T5 =J *P9H&*

M(HG(XJ2(W.AZ-7W?N-ZR'R1=6UNU/2X:_Q(DQ-+AN^ Z(?@8Q


M#=68&.#Y9/58?CI$BWR$[;5+70

QI&'LD


J9:W
UN61




M)_MF




MDF6%

!86V129TN)(U971%.*IFZ

M6BD(\*6!K Y@Z*1E%P8^#WH%L16/#3 P






UIB2@V!@RCK;<<(RQ:A&#QF6

^N (

M:3$CM]$A



'*'
M[TCPPD1+5;LVLYG'-XP0F*JAUK=M*UTS^\(56'1:UM[MM'6[CFNK=G [
K^#
M'*678/IVJP%?#ZM+7J-EVTF\U172'
MAJ&1)9$G: 7* 




WFX0#$6F
0_$L !G]J:0+654KS 8L]=HT


MIE\Q\:Y!^;@W+^O@GA.L5[+-**=X;Q.3Y/U&
R65EW]* %RX4L@Y
/NU\+9_


MH*FNSZ7G!E

K9/SX' &)3\0P17Q'1.C9=+[@




MFY$X6NR4?C MHH4?0R_-






3.;Y*]<8_83?'ID4 U62L&O9@4C!T<E[%CWT?3@!E] J

*_XFXY?*GD$2,^ 1C][@2X[U)YXO^1_U?[O<&.___D;])@P
D\[SL)ME63$;(V'^:%+8,JK;K^X\D^@%KMZ%5PCN(61J5+,M3
M;\=)P?+B?+:SDB5.P8Q_%-4T#1\-DOAG@IC1T&%)FI5Q!&!D]SSI(R/T[



EFH%*3M//U/WJ/P_-RGAG/X?/D_2QT

M965T


MZ1H56=;:5-S1UFPB6QOD10.J9,3B^#RJN%#!?-J<+<U\JG=.H5+ W975=P\

M=9


M*^L

&+^XFU]0'UF$!




JQ++QP0A13F$FAQ#727/,KXOW6D
8
D2J)G^-(A];3C2_\M]=\R


3C6;0P*
&
M X6T%)JZR3HL06_!50A;+:DMA=K-@




$%
9+<=/]^

@[





KM0NFL1QZ0[EWFK:Y11G

%X#


D_BKWIB_7ANM4:I85O5QMC



W!<@N'M7/X

M:&5E=#(Y+GAM;)55WV_3

03U
MQCK='H*)02M4]^6[0QUN!93I P'L$, [RY18/F:.SX=&[T%X[T)S2^U!!-
MY(3REW+M#%D%Q;GIK*[-!AO '5VS10O//_&Y1/MBG#B]TY)?8 ZZZ#8 U 9



55581O48[@2&)+C6DARV)6



M*RAC5J7PD4IAJ*O_J!9!%

M
01%%W@WEON;)

MLVY
&PO=V]R
M:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,P+GAM;(U6VV[C-A#]E8':723 UKK9V:QC&[3!@V0

)B._]Z@G
M(U5;P24^:C!U53'].D.AUN


0M(J))YW8\BSO&&6349:K4$[:4)S


G5/4 D'-

M;(DP5X*:D

.OD P^





M5/N8
M
8[@KV:1'WHD8P=4._$VS.6I40$Z4V$578A<_?:T\['7!_B5S
MK I.(A^_6%QIL 6ECJX3FDE94RN=[+ZCO4X9WR8.SOCN!3.$6[J?8?9!JF



M=#



MH9;2'9F5:O#+S-BE]/AJYV.WLDI68=.R'HLHRL9+J9O!V4E8N[5G)V;M:]VH
M6PMNO5Q*^WRA:K

MJV:G@W-^?)&1?!#XJ-7&[3T#63(UYA.]W%2G@X@(J5J5GA D3H_J4M4U 2&-

M+HRPZ62C 91KY\VRVXP







!:'+$B3T8'PBOMPRL]'!I;[U G3NGO 
\)_A5RZFNM=?*O11O





:HL
M&






?HFC2CM
4F*

6









M$%%D;7AL']Z


8
M<2-R8(-P%#/HL[?G
^W[1_*77
M$!TTFAKUTK=30_UM$W/::5MQSYO&M5?]:;=7W&]%-) A0LRC7N#?@Z::'-


S

M$/V5'=;32C


M+Q) G-T]V-T#8+05\DFM.=?PO:X:-7;66F]N?5\5:UXSY8D-;W!E*63--$[E

JC+
MIOMGW_=Y.#+(@@L&9&] +.\ND&7Y*]-L

UNQ^_BDC(7VO4#H]
M 64)L#T!8



#-N0MX




S(XI-:=%YB;TO!+\HSN[YG)E7R:FK=I&=]=W_[5__$R[



Q+$K:]D*MS=U/AF;VPK/&[M(7:=E:(:0&T3<TKSN!5*1]OU


A[##1D


M4\+\G/ 5?Y7Q]](O(&$$..7T%;YD$B 9^)+_(





MTS2? ^


M#AE&S#G



MJ@H6


#

?[:80:?2^ZO=^A?V'?R92DLWNCBNY)N/0_& 4C,15.X
MKWKSV[]80

R
WH#QKPG-+]A5EB;C5.63\N 





OZ6G6=%(
M;*N@*Y'I01:O2MV0\S?KKT3.;VQ]/8XF@0N&(22CAN#/J^KMK8%Y0(52BG


MSKP_A)CTQN^!)+G






TCQ5([&E!XN::)$(U_



0B1=E6D01(
M[&XML*Y!LVX/PQX8B8JY2J)'4DDS[

13XE


M
VMN
%^4-NXW1L&O OC








 8WQ@2!\ACA:@Y8$E/80DGM-Y

MN:



AP%8=!Q+%L$!T:I+%
]VB/;LB+=VQ%X[?H/2#;X$



;#]

M!N)P?+]M)+1\ZO'D5DF1VZQ]4?(:Z=N$?5G#8S\^[

M_P(L2]RM.WNXL:^#*SK87W6N*I&GULQ_T'NH-$55^$QS*(_G1_&EPVCL!^EK


MM]#GY(_@6C IK:ML4ULU7=YE8+W&?3UFKNK'YEIS+6:/AO*C78G8T(CP.4
MLD=?8$('KZ$?^#Y41HN4HT^ELES8R!SOL[% S)46*R


#[
MFDZ6&M1)ZS)23[_  YYYYE78<U _C*Z/9'_ Z&8^I%P&[)+T._KXD<=9%)\




TB6KP.$R-6ZBU(-IY
^D'35_:1-V7



  -4.

W+GAM;+5778^;.!3]*Q;J0RMU

MDO+


G93-+
MMBD_+:SN3UJ:NZGAZ=DCW_%BR\%*BAS

W23+T#
M-^#'TP*\??

WD1!E]-MD2!3\62

_5KYY$M$E$RT2T_P_@4K B!B71^L=N

+(:-$1PH%#9!2.QATA7+@@

U0T0NUH.\ZEX

M7W4

MOEB#\6L/B6AX]*^M-7B-LUHAU-7 @8.C@$9N#7#KK+C?6;_IA

MA:X^F)NKS6SVL9Q(.M?OS
Q635AMF&K@^\KD.BT4R/C*A(2W([







MLPB$@'C[W^VI%W?Z'3XM2MSV%FP? [-6=SDY=NC9.S0/A7G8QN_@;!L4[N]0


L@5.2]O5

M




Y+GAM;(V576_:
!2&_XH5]:*5H/EP/BM :NFF35HU


1G9M)B8C
MWBA*&)X)()NJ0N+]#E.^&3N^LUMX)*M2F05W
$#ZL<933*EQ

MI-!D)/@&&.MO9F!K8U5ZVP(,U]QKH1^2[1.369;PBAW@=@1A%3 X!8 ;Z\


M!] ]=GX:I;%W .WN-5ESP3T@L2)



M70$8LJVYT#.O

F



YH
MI\S9NJ&&YE
R
MQ$.6V&5)WLME=$$X8OI&DX@]'=1RIX[ O[CF/LS! E\^[]1F)PK#)$/5*
M8#((3 X+[
O A&X5%06





/XN
D(DV!:T
M% 

M



 7 5(#?#U
A






MF:BS5]ZVO[KNOX3S$\3^$8K:1%X7Q6WU0OTC\@/S15X*0




M@TMEH/6KFUR/NE[@%*'(3D*P7\+[*-2CHEU_Q(O7)/!UP?K]BOLN0YF8&P
MV-?JNQS1M.NU/!CA6

)Q;TDD!9@6)3/-_

M)




M4%H1E59$&5^\@^_2&7=6C)S[E.EQL.@&OQ/ZHH(]+^CBCK^^@?\%5@N9




RYX;6R]6&UOXC@0_BL6NI.Z4I?$

\_

M
\K2@(1A)\@H%XUAW]U[4

=S =HH?5K#_?


&BM?:R*PP!@89%_F1_BP2

MA:W[HU'PE(.=&=Y*L?CX)U






0F\)*HG#?HT[J@3%^LU'^-Q6&H8[9\EPI6CXZK^^7ESK823\&V@UX!7#

?E5<DO\<GGZH
;
M)[SD226WA)QCT9%*-TGK[*48%3Y.*$4EN\0OF[?



7F^]$#@:759UTA&GAH:J'/DLJ8
MQ=LTU46%#=
]N4!AG\RD:IBQ4S5/]4(A*UNCIDYIE@W3AG&1C$?MVHT:C^32



%UK53

#I

MD9(K4&ZW57.#-M36VCK'A:O*G5'V*;=V9GPEQ?SU'Z@:&\K4@)S6?


MK_7/H]38B)W?:;&);K*.CNZ(CEXEL)4&GX3)9;?J36YRY?]#%?$QI4_%B8


M)7J3WDM6\)J;K_!W^^#P4;_$SAFT!TS ;P;8\\5:*P/1WTLNQ5P)%AY\@P


:M?[_AGR?'GS3N?'FF#U(
D^Q[


(.ZZVQO\!4$L#!!0    ( .$[

M7V_3



FHY9GTUL?A%*#6@R)QO?E U:.I6$P_R+::JWW\!J*J5

MG
1/FQ6[OKKYEX63Z]%Z

@+]




QGRK

QANZ8D]



MK_DBGLKB/]J7LD/20]%6*IY58+ @2_+RE[Y6@6@!@

(!6 ? 0
C@\N!]
M! 1' (
*
#A7@U\!_'



;$0..!W[3QY=_Z.

H$U
M*+





&EJB2$^' X^)F'7



O


MQ9];J/AAX6#G./&UW!;*3+C+^8YNX0'4]]V]T.W5\G+&I@L.4,-@OG/;Y9

.:




;1Z-1VG%OKZ]?1D
M(HW?GXK?Z/D7]%9[(8 I!
]/RBJP.:\I45G

H]1N.^IM1Y.VC^=9MH^7TH]7=[2V+)'- L%DL
$K




M91P$X?BPQCCM=E2!-CG?2^)@D
L]:TQJ$-NFP9

T/X]<Z6:JN2QT@PS


M-&=!X[)B!92*B1))6
]&-_AZ@5


Q.GY79F+ M C
M?0:%/J%;6(.4L+(7T(U2H!6BY0I]8W3).-/
J-[?@J:
JP]&__/A%KU_]P&]





&


MR($=Z)*#+Q]99Z#CJ/56JFQX1#@C_ER







M$EV2CK/_OA2E2 Y%*P8*[



M[C@2^[(D_


M

M0M 2@G






4_(U



M5/WK\]06N'@P-\:)D6Y+*R@U5%A +@[L&I).0S*J8?6RH[Q[N86A*G YE1:
M=24#;X(D-'590-C#ABX;
=V76FG*WU'E^I]0FMHT](J(ATF!O:2P%!A0_EF


E[JF(]-T2C[?+]E0Q



H/N6
OL/4$L#!!0    ( .$[
MD5$^J







M@I2NK&49T+0(!X)R 5?2,[7#-SD4H

436&GQ=^6






M S5D!Y7LX .R#ZJE:+$6
G'.5+ODFJ0)H@S\_%
$'?@+F
8

MAY[VEZ80*%9I&._'W[M_RRSGLH?IV6CC2EVHJ\-J(\[;4U
Z#L(=1W. /J


9!!([IY3Y81!<^RFAW!L/W=I<CH=B
MHQGE,)=(;=*4R&\38&([\KW6_AUXFV_YXF)$U+$ _9W-IWOPR2DQ3X(H*



M8






MKU 8A$$#H.G)[GC0X#X[W?VVA4VWE*CKXG4/Q)L973C$:&J2).ERXW28%T?O


M&_#)EX.1\#E#7P7J?K0X2ZJ+!I3[NU5W!SZGRP-7MP?^/ZZ/G:IF-FC4L'U/









^_
ME0=188!^!P
J&=!0!EPRX*$
?LG@-QEH!P

M*




MMX^@2G?-'_./3Q^X7(!__T
M2XSL4G_XQ ([P7N4^,Y[JBA;%4]O==!&

6^--]7H][]B1]X^N]H=E]U
M?0L=LM!=MNDPL=!]:M
A1&ITM8/R]P?E'W90W*2=@\_*;\E

MKQEQ:O99I)F






M;]L&6_)(@GN^WHG\ ';I0MNP. C[.10L*J=.K1YCFTR8)@BEGS'-ID-)@&

MRY.U2-




])801^/


]N++U5-K506:7%U'

.#XL?DS6I@30Z

XU TX+W@\
MZ3UMSS%5-\PZ*G5F0(BYNQ_]2XK_JVAG!LS82.[GF($KUG
_]RK1WK-)?[0S

UK17* Q@Q&LYP+M=4SDWL1ZR5*4(0=S7AS63\D
M@UJLYTIN[Q8'5
BL\EN'D70YS


M971S+W-H965T-3



77DNWET34P*$O.7\S@SV+J01
1JUBNC NJ?U[9

6GLS%S:9UEKCEXVI^[
2^FFI[=3L6?'\


/+!=!Q6/
M KE+




L
VI


MQ[




MK1

M%5HHAC7=I_*!'7Z%


M@[*C
O3[(G1R(G1

8XF


M2$O7TR0(?
=117EJUJ

MA@BNHXB#*J!!;\Z_[[

MDF*X7AFP^Q;)!N\E6:WVV+L2DM5ZC?L%^P(DFY5#'*F7Z_C^B9K40H^#BY$L
M.&]Y[
!A



^











&L+$)@3'A(



MBSE%*)9RYZN@IOH5M3PKO
\F%$)
IM[[?H
Y8'Y ??\0-N_(DI#A YA-PX8
M)C

=:E35Q741H+]





&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#4W+GAM;)6534_;0!&_\K(X@!2BQT[ 8H2
L=YU=\<$_GUWUXX;I4E*+_%^S//.AR?CX4KI9U
@


8:79SI9[=YB8?!9$+ 5FY!28?;S@
M!(5P0C:


9
M.+U

&\O/GTWWONT Y^]


\_

MVYAT

$%     @






MPR33H

:11HN
Y49@F\@2=H;O5







G7PS/M4O5/=
M7FB*9\@-%AO*)$K(&BB=3A\TB:*R%QW%,U/K[KFRFF:
;R&B- +8'[-N=IW

+K/5WLA:.@23=L $M5C1M

2K$)LK




MEVW$
6$_R@*5N64F#_
;


]C


'&PVWX


SI@C^
D.DX^

DN S3_YC]
M@[FJ0:W=]M &=2.P';'^M%]0TW8N_X:WV^V6JC43VNA:F=3@8FS(5;LQ6@=E
MXZ9T*='
O#
KLV1!V0!SOY(2]XXEZ-=V_@=02P
$%     @ X3N149 +B _J



M=0@=[R:08WG-#%O.E=R LM:$9A=.JO

@]A$ 9/C]<P


/)V;M]=/V=L56BRMQPUN H

M8:BL 7U/I33;C0W0_167OP!02P


M0UXJ+O3
*XVISWU?YR545)_)&@2NK*2JJ


M^53)+5%V-ZK9CDO51:
Y)NR_\F 4KC*


ZQ-R1)@@CZ5L

$575C[3 TI4;(?QD#W\:
M96DVC ^#O\4G.&A@@3S,F&PH;\ 6G/8@.*-+QET5&JP;P=Z]2H)Q]O_GY^]4
M1?OW%*U9EC(.*PP+C@;HX!JBW8[

%R@-5Q(T
X\JLC<$YF2KUVTVNLD$0.4$H,+6.@='?$L<HA
B&7]J


MFR1P\/X0W@.7\#U7I:$]3#^TI-OM'J:UQE&E
=ZBL17#M9(V-W I


M1E/':^ILT31BPFWSX5VK&WUB%D8XYU*ZPE(SN$'-5;:I$K24T_J.M:2DM^E
M#W7D_
ZJ/TJ*'DCZ)FIT\;4Z4Y3XYSI.69P


=7=:2JANO$]V$)M5\BIOT=]_4



3R;AX\7-




4?73-R28/55+1)U/-7I7, * P6H'2-!LCOQ6I
M%]#IS77JBL.:I_^AYK^[SR4(4(2-19N[?\J[_&;%O@O\\W];V5?\8LB9Q]/

DV%]RJ:







M_BZY@6E&]LINI.* QC


MYV.F\(E-



M0*P3-PWLBF& N20@=LG[?+ 3$1-




$Y)/89RTK&KF1%;W




M#(11];(O+;-L F4+-=




M6Y!L(3!;$&TA4%N0;2%P6Q!N(9!;D&XAL%L0;R'06U%O)=!;46\ET%MG']L$





,!  !L)   $P   %M#
M;VYT96YT7U1Y<&5S72YX;6S-VEU/PC 4!N_0G9K6.G7_(APH]ZJ%_Z!NAUD

PVK1-%Z;9(D9WQ5@H%]2:
MD%M'75J96]^:F+[Z%^9
N30OQ
1D4K#2=I&Z.(Y]C6QV?4MSLVKBZ&Z3?@ZU
M[::9IR9DHYO=QCYKFAGGFKHT


38[IAVGWRD_.',L<T\Y';UU($_/T^[C#2/K38Y<*D8_U\5=\
M3TRE3WX_ZJ==4?7#['2]K]8OAWD$-CQ.O^./
WZO_\L^!$@?$J0/!=*'!NFC





M Q0    ( . [D5'87LD_; 8  +P9   8               @8T.  !X;]W





4     #@.Y%1XKJ%['8  #4!0  &







RYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #@.Y%1






4




M='

4     #@.Y%1P2]R)OP  !1!@  &0

M Q0    ( . [D5&M@!+SR 






R+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( . [D5$


4







X





RYX;6Q0
M2P$% ,4     #A.Y%1/OI29
@#  #D$@  &0              @(%1%P$



^)!   \!$  !D



  +

   9

M%     @ X3N140P*OOE^!   5Q$  !D              (!QD! 'AL+W=O



&UL4$L! A0#%     @ X3N146;HW=JP @  P 8  !D
M             (!^4@! 'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='







M:&5E=#4Y+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .$[D5&0X@/Z@(  $'   9


4     #A.Y%1L4(E#@0#  !]



M         ( !@60! %]R96QS+RYR96QS4$L! A0#%     @ X3N147;)5V0D

M Q0    ( .$[D5%W2W&%!@(  /$D   :                ;MJ 0!X;]?


 Plant
 and Equipment,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipment,
     shortName: Property
 Plant
 and Equipment,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R12: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: safm:DisclosureOfDeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2113105 - Disclosure - Prepaid expenses,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/Prepaidexpenses,
     shortName: Prepaid expenses,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: safm:DisclosureOfDeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R13: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2116106 - Disclosure - Accrued expenses,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/Accruedexpenses,
     shortName: Accrued expenses,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R14: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2119107 - Disclosure - Long-Term debt obligations,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligations,
     shortName: Long-Term debt obligations,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R15: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2125108 - Disclosure - Income Taxes,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxes,
     shortName: Income Taxes,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R16: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2131109 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Share,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShare,
     shortName: Earnings Per Share,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R17: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2134110 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plans,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlans,
     shortName: Employee Benefit Plans,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R18: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2136111 - Disclosure - Stock Compensation Plans,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlans,
     shortName: Stock Compensation Plans,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R19: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2141112 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingencies,
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R2: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1001002 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:AccountsReceivableNetCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R20: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2143113 - Disclosure - Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunaudited,
     shortName: Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited),
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R21: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:TreasuryStockTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2147114 - Disclosure - Common Stock Repurchases,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchases,
     shortName: Common Stock Repurchases,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:TreasuryStockTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R22: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2149115 - Disclosure - Leases,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/Leases,
     shortName: Leases,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R23: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2154116 - Disclosure - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Schedule II,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleII,
     shortName: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Schedule II,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R24: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2202201 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies (Policies),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies,
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies (Policies),
     subGroupType: policies,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R25: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2305301 - Disclosure - Revenue from Contract with Customer (Tables),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerTables,
     shortName: Revenue from Contract with Customer (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R26: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2308302 - Disclosure - Inventories (Tables),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesTables,
     shortName: Inventories (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R27: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2311303 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Tables),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentTables,
     shortName: Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R28: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2314304 - Disclosure - Prepaid expenses (Tables),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesTables,
     shortName: Prepaid expenses (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R29: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2317305 - Disclosure - Accrued expenses (Tables),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesTables,
     shortName: Accrued expenses (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R3: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1002003 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical),
     subGroupType: parenthetical,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R30: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2320306 - Disclosure - Long-Term debt obligations (Tables),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsTables,
     shortName: Long-Term debt obligations (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R31: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2326307 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Tables),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables,
     shortName: Income Taxes (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R32: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2332308 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Share (Tables),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareTables,
     shortName: Earnings Per Share (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R33: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2337309 - Disclosure - Stock Compensation Plans (Tables),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansTables,
     shortName: Stock Compensation Plans (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R34: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2344310 - Disclosure - Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) (Tables),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedTables,
     shortName: Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R35: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2350311 - Disclosure - Leases (Tables),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesTables,
     shortName: Leases (Tables),
     subGroupType: tables,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R36: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2403401 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       us-gaap:InventoryPolicyTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      lang: en-US,
      name: safm:BreederCostsAmortizationPeriod,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R37: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2406402 - Disclosure - Revenue from Contract with Customer (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails,
     shortName: Revenue from Contract with Customer (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: ic3c6fd1b7b2540aa8593547e238cc3d7_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R38: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:InventoryNet,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2409403 - Disclosure - Inventories (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetails,
     shortName: Inventories (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: i6dc966e4044b4f3d9ce0aeece4082275_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:InventoryNet,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R39: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: safm:LandAndBuildingsGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2412404 - Disclosure - Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentDetails,
     shortName: Property
 Plant
 and Equipment (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: safm:LandAndBuildingsGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R4: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: safm:RevenueNet,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1003004 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CostsAndExpenses,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R40: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:Supplies,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2415405 - Disclosure - Prepaid expenses (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetails,
     shortName: Prepaid expenses (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:Supplies,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R41: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:WorkersCompensationLiabilityCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2418406 - Disclosure - Accrued expenses (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails,
     shortName: Accrued expenses (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:WorkersCompensationLiabilityCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R42: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebt,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2421407 - Disclosure - Long-Term debt obligations- Obligations (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails,
     shortName: Long-Term debt obligations- Obligations (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtCurrent,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R43: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: i1655b299d2484cf28fb27e1287b39e25_I20190321,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2422408 - Disclosure - Long-Term debt obligations - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Long-Term debt obligations - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: i1655b299d2484cf28fb27e1287b39e25_I20190321,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R44: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idd622c01a9e74db4ba04507b088967cd_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: safm:DebtInstrumentLeverageRatio,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: number,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2423409 - Disclosure - Long-Term debt obligations - Leverage Ratio on which Spread on Libor Borrowings and Commitment Fee for Unused Balance of Revolving Credit Agreement are Determined (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails,
     shortName: Long-Term debt obligations - Leverage Ratio on which Spread on Libor Borrowings and Commitment Fee for Unused Balance of Revolving Credit Agreement are Determined (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idd622c01a9e74db4ba04507b088967cd_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: safm:DebtInstrumentLeverageRatio,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: number,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R45: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2424410 - Disclosure - Long-Term debt obligations (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsDetails,
     shortName: Long-Term debt obligations (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R46: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: safm:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationCARESActIncomeTaxBenefitOperatingLossAmount,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2427411 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Income Taxes - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: safm:EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationCARESActIncomeTaxBenefitOperatingLossAmount,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R47: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2428412 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Income Tax Expense (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails,
     shortName: Income Taxes - Income Tax Expense (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       ix:continuation,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R48: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2429413 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails,
     shortName: Income Taxes - Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R49: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2430414 - Disclosure - Income Taxes - Differences Between Consolidated Effective Income Tax Rate and Federal Statutory Rate (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails,
     shortName: Income Taxes - Differences Between Consolidated Effective Income Tax Rate and Federal Statutory Rate (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R5: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: ib9795cbf80be4eccb739f3c4c40c41de_I20171031,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SharesOutstanding,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: shares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1004005 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: ib9795cbf80be4eccb739f3c4c40c41de_I20171031,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SharesOutstanding,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: shares,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R50: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: i689d13ef7dc24381977a1a686f79449f_D20200801-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2433415 - Disclosure - Earnings Per Share (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetails,
     shortName: Earnings Per Share (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: en-US,
      name: safm:ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedandUndistributedEarningsLossBasicandDiluted,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R51: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EmployeeStockOwnershipPlanESOPCashContributionsToESOP,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2435416 - Disclosure - Employee Benefit Plans - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Employee Benefit Plans - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: i7e8c051fea98473bad2ad610716b6136_D20181101-20191031,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:EmployeeStockOwnershipPlanESOPCashContributionsToESOP,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R52: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: i6fddf4f6705b4b2385b16d3266a31a47_I20200213,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: shares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2438417 - Disclosure - Stock Compensation Plans - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Stock Compensation Plans - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: i6fddf4f6705b4b2385b16d3266a31a47_I20200213,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: shares,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R53: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: i9c34fe7e3cf1441cae4d3f6584b27c51_I20191031,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: shares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2439418 - Disclosure - Stock Compensation Plans - Restricted Stock Activity (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails,
     shortName: Stock Compensation Plans - Restricted Stock Activity (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: ic4f2c68249ac4fc7b7feb3039277843c_I20171031,
      decimals: 2,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usdPerShare,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R54: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: ib4ae599003b94c5fb654fb0b5e0cfd91_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2440419 - Disclosure - Stock Compensation Plans - Schedule of Compensation Cost Related to Performance Share Agreements (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetails,
     shortName: Stock Compensation Plans - Schedule of Compensation Cost Related to Performance Share Agreements (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: i31fdc69fbad24e7a98a1ed81d8ba5d34_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: INF,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: shares,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R55: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: dei:EntityNumberOfEmployees,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: employee,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2442420 - Disclosure - Commitments and Contingencies - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Commitments and Contingencies - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: dei:EntityNumberOfEmployees,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: employee,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R56: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: i689d13ef7dc24381977a1a686f79449f_D20200801-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: safm:RevenueNet,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2445421 - Disclosure - Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedDetails,
     shortName: Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: i689d13ef7dc24381977a1a686f79449f_D20200801-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: safm:RevenueNet,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R57: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: i0c0a91a4297b4f298c6519283baa141a_D20200201-20200430,
      decimals: -5,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2446422 - Disclosure - Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) - Additional Information (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedAdditionalInformationDetails,
     shortName: Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited) - Additional Information (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: null
    },
    R58: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares,
       ix:continuation,
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: shares,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2448423 - Disclosure - Common Stock Repurchases (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetails,
     shortName: Common Stock Repurchases (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation,
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: i47e2737d41a04f51bae75cc0eeddefb4_D20171101-20181031,
      decimals: 2,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:TreasuryStockAcquiredAverageCostPerShare,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usdPerShare,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R59: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2451424 - Disclosure - Leases - Lease Cost (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesLeaseCostDetails,
     shortName: Leases - Lease Cost (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R6: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: INF,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usdPerShare,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1005006 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Parenthetical),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITYParenthetical,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Parenthetical),
     subGroupType: parenthetical,
     uniqueAnchor: null
    },
    R60: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasePayments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2452425 - Disclosure - Leases - Other Information Regarding Operating Leases (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesOtherInformationRegardingOperatingLeasesDetails,
     shortName: Leases - Other Information Regarding Operating Leases (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       ix:continuation,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasePayments,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R61: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2453426 - Disclosure - Leases - Future Maturities of Obligations under Non-Cancelable Operating Leases (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails,
     shortName: Leases - Future Maturities of Obligations under Non-Cancelable Operating Leases (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
       ix:continuation,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: icaf0e86090b849f482f052071b912cf8_I20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R62: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: ice02e5d9cbb74444b1caa0ecf9295796_I20191031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2455427 - Disclosure - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Schedule II (Details),
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetails,
     shortName: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Schedule II (Details),
     subGroupType: details,
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       srt:ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: i7b3a5c58bde34eeabf39698bffa97fc7_I20171031,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R7: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss,
      reportCount: 1,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: statement,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 1006007 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS,
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       td,
       tr,
       table,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: -3,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: usd,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R8: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2101101 - Disclosure - Significant Accounting Policies,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPolicies,
     shortName: Significant Accounting Policies,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    },
    R9: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     },
     groupType: disclosure,
     isDefault: false,
     longName: 2104102 - Disclosure - Disaggregation of Revenue,
     role: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DisaggregationofRevenue,
     shortName: Disaggregation of Revenue,
     subGroupType: ",
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span,
       div,
       body,
       html
      ],
      baseRef: safm-20201031.htm,
      contextRef: idf233559b6d14fbb963d86124364b21e_D20191101-20201031,
      decimals: null,
      first: true,
      lang: en-US,
      name: us-gaap:DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock,
      reportCount: 1,
      unique: true,
      unitRef: null,
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
   },
   segmentCount: 63,
   tag: {
    dei_AmendmentFlag: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.,
        label: Amendment Flag,
        terseLabel: Amendment Flag
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AmendmentFlag,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_CityAreaCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area code of city,
        label: City Area Code,
        terseLabel: City Area Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CityAreaCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_CoverAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cover page.,
        label: Cover [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Cover page.
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CoverAbstract,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.,
        label: Current Fiscal Year End Date,
        terseLabel: Current Fiscal Year End Date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentFiscalYearEndDate,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: gMonthDayItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentAnnualReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r522,
      r523,
      r524
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.,
        label: Document Annual Report,
        terseLabel: Document Annual Report
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentAnnualReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.,
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus,
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Period Focus
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.,
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus,
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Year Focus
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.,
        label: Document Period End Date,
        terseLabel: Document Period End Date
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentTransitionReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r525
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.,
        label: Document Transition Report,
        terseLabel: Document Transition Report
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentTransitionReport,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.,
        label: Document Type,
        terseLabel: Document Type
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentType,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    },
    dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r520
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Documents incorporated by reference.,
        label: Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Documents Incorporated by Reference
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 1 such as Attn
 Building Name
 Street Name,
        label: Entity Address
 Address Line One,
        terseLabel: Entity Address
 Address Line One
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine1,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the City or Town,
        label: Entity Address
 City or Town,
        terseLabel: Entity Address
 City or Town
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressCityOrTown,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Code for the postal or zip code,
        label: Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code,
        terseLabel: Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressPostalZipCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the state or province.,
        label: Entity Address
 State or Province,
        terseLabel: Entity Address
 State or Province
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityAddressStateOrProvince,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: stateOrProvinceItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r526
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.,
        label: Entity Central Index Key,
        terseLabel: Entity Central Index Key
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.,
        label: Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding,
        terseLabel: Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.,
        label: Entity Current Reporting Status,
        terseLabel: Entity Current Reporting Status
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r526
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.,
        label: Entity Emerging Growth Company,
        terseLabel: Entity Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityFileNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.,
        label: Entity File Number,
        terseLabel: Entity File Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityFileNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: fileNumberItemType
    },
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r526
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.,
        label: Entity Filer Category,
        terseLabel: Entity Filer Category
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityFilerCategory,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.,
        label: Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code,
        terseLabel: Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: edgarStateCountryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r527
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).,
        label: Entity Interactive Data Current,
        terseLabel: Entity Interactive Data Current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityInteractiveDataCurrent,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityNumberOfEmployees: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of persons employed by the Entity,
        label: Entity Number of Employees,
        terseLabel: Number of employees
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityNumberOfEmployees,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: decimalItemType
    },
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.,
        label: Entity Public Float,
        terseLabel: Entity Public Float
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityPublicFloat,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r526
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.,
        label: Entity Registrant Name,
        terseLabel: Entity Registrant Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityRegistrantName,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r526
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.,
        label: Entity Shell Company,
        terseLabel: Entity Shell Company
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityShellCompany,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r526
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).,
        label: Entity Small Business,
        terseLabel: Entity Small Business
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r526
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.,
        label: Entity Tax Identification Number,
        terseLabel: Entity Tax Identification Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityTaxIdentificationNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: employerIdItemType
    },
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.,
        label: Entity Voluntary Filers,
        terseLabel: Entity Voluntary Filers
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.,
        label: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer,
        terseLabel: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    },
    dei_IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag: {
     auth_ref: [
      r522,
      r523,
      r524
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: ICFR Auditor Attestation Flag,
        terseLabel: ICFR Auditor Attestation Flag
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    },
    dei_LocalPhoneNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Local phone number for entity.,
        label: Local Phone Number,
        terseLabel: Local Phone Number
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LocalPhoneNumber,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    },
    dei_Security12bTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(b) registered security.,
        label: Title of 12(b) Security,
        terseLabel: Title of 12(b) Security
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Security12bTitle,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    },
    dei_SecurityExchangeName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.,
        label: Security Exchange Name,
        terseLabel: Security Exchange Name
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SecurityExchangeName,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: edgarExchangeCodeItemType
    },
    dei_TradingSymbol: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.,
        label: Trading Symbol,
        terseLabel: Trading Symbol
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TradingSymbol,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DocumentandEntityInformation
     ],
     xbrltype: tradingSymbolItemType
    },
    safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Adjustments
 Noncash Items And Operating Capital
 to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities,
        label: Adjustments
 Noncash Items And Operating Capital
 to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities,
        totalLabel: Total adjustments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_AllocatedSharebasedCompensationExpensePotentialAccrual: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Allocated Share-based Compensation Expense
 Potential Accrual,
        label: Allocated Share-based Compensation Expense
 Potential Accrual,
        terseLabel: Potential accrued compensation cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllocatedSharebasedCompensationExpensePotentialAccrual,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_BaseSalaryCompensationMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Base Salary Compensation [Member],
        label: Base Salary Compensation [Member],
        terseLabel: Base Salary Compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BaseSalaryCompensationMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_BetweenThreePercentAndFivePercentOfEmployeeSalaryMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Between 3 Percent and 5 Percent of Employee Salary,
        label: Between Three Percent And Five Percent Of Employee Salary [Member],
        terseLabel: Between 3% and 5% of Employee Salary
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BetweenThreePercentAndFivePercentOfEmployeeSalaryMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_BreederCostsAmortizationPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amortization period of costs associated with breeders
 including breeder chicks
 feed
 medicine and grower pay
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format. For example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Breeder Costs
 Amortization Period,
        terseLabel: Amortization period for costs associated with breeders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BreederCostsAmortizationPeriod,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    safm_CARESActPayrollTaxDeferral: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: CARES Act
 Payroll Tax Deferral,
        label: CARES Act
 Payroll Tax Deferral,
        terseLabel: CARES Act
 payroll tax deferral
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CARESActPayrollTaxDeferral,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_ChillPackChickenMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Chill-Pack Chicken,
        label: Chill-Pack Chicken [Member],
        verboseLabel: Fresh
 vacuum-sealed chicken
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ChillPackChickenMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_CustomerAMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer A [Member],
        label: Customer A [Member],
        terseLabel: Customer A
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CustomerAMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_CustomerBMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer B [Member],
        label: Customer B [Member],
        terseLabel: Customer B
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CustomerBMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_DebtInstrumentLeverageRatio: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Debt Instrument
 Leverage Ratio,
        label: Debt Instrument
 Leverage Ratio,
        terseLabel: Leverage Ratio
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentLeverageRatio,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    safm_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualContributionsByPlanParticipantsPercentageOfSalaryMaximum: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual
 Contributions by Plan Participants
 Percentage of Salary
 Maximum,
        label: Deferred Compensation Arrangement With Individual Contributions By Plan Participants Percentage Of Salary Maximum,
        terseLabel: Share purchase plan
 percentage compensation received in the form of restricted stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualContributionsByPlanParticipantsPercentageOfSalaryMaximum,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    safm_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualEmployerContributionPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual
 Employer Contribution
 Percentage,
        label: Deferred Compensation Arrangement With Individual Employer Contribution Percentage,
        terseLabel: Share purchase plan
 company's matched contributions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualEmployerContributionPercentage,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    safm_DeferredTaxAssetsAccruedExpensesAndAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Assets
 Accrued Expenses and Accounts Receivable,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Accrued Expenses And Accounts Receivable,
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and accounts receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsAccruedExpensesAndAccountsReceivable,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_DisclosureOfDeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets,
        label: Disclosure Of Deferred Costs Capitalized Prepaid And Other Assets [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisclosureOfDeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/Prepaidexpenses
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    safm_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationCARESActAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails: {
       order: 10.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 CARES Act
 Amount,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 CARES Act
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Discrete benefit resulting from CARES Act
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationCARESActAmount,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationCARESActIncomeTaxBenefitOperatingLossAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 CARES Act
 Income Tax Benefit
 Operating Loss
 Amount,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 CARES Act
 Income Tax Benefit
 Operating Loss
 Amount,
        terseLabel: CARES Act
 income tax benefit
 operating loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationCARESActIncomeTaxBenefitOperatingLossAmount,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationCARESActIncomeTaxExpenseAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 CARES Act
 Income Tax Expense
 Amount,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 CARES Act
 Income Tax Expense
 Amount,
        terseLabel: CARES Act
 income tax expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationCARESActIncomeTaxExpenseAmount,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeinDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceIncludingChangeInTaxLegislationAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance
 Including Change In Tax Legislation
 Amount,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance
 Including Change In Tax Legislation
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Change in valuation allowance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeinDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceIncludingChangeInTaxLegislationAmount,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationExcludingDiscreteItemsPercent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Excluding Discrete Items
 Percent,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Excluding Discrete Items
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Effective income tax rate
 excluding discrete items
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationExcludingDiscreteItemsPercent,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    safm_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationExpirationOfTaxCredit: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Expiration Of Tax Credit,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Expiration Of Tax Credit,
        terseLabel: Expiration of state income tax credits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationExpirationOfTaxCredit,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_EmployeesCoveredByCollectiveBargainingAgreements: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Employees Covered by Collective Bargaining Agreements,
        label: Employees Covered By Collective Bargaining Agreements,
        terseLabel: Employees covered by collective bargaining agreements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeesCoveredByCollectiveBargainingAgreements,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    safm_EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerNumber: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Entity Wide Revenue
 Major Customer
 Number,
        label: Entity Wide Revenue Major Customer Number,
        terseLabel: Number of customer accounted for more than 10% of consolidated sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EntityWideRevenueMajorCustomerNumber,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    },
    safm_FreshIcePackedChickenMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fresh Ice-Packed Chicken,
        label: Fresh Ice-Packed Chicken [Member],
        verboseLabel: Fresh
 ice-packed chicken
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FreshIcePackedChickenMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_FreshVacuumSealedChickenMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fresh Vacuum-Sealed Chicken,
        label: Fresh Vacuum-Sealed Chicken [Member],
        verboseLabel: Fresh
 chill-packed chicken
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FreshVacuumSealedChickenMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_FrozenchickenMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Frozen chicken,
        label: Frozen chicken [Member],
        verboseLabel: Prepared chicken
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FrozenchickenMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_IncomeTaxesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Taxes [Line Items],
        label: Income Taxes [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Income Taxes [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxesLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    safm_IncomeTaxesTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Taxes [Table],
        label: Income Taxes [Table],
        terseLabel: Income Taxes [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxesTable,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    safm_IncreaseDecreaseInLeaseLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 13.0,
       parentTag: safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Increase (Decrease) in Lease Liabilities,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Lease Liabilities,
        terseLabel: Lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInLeaseLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_IncreaseDecreaseInRightOfUseAssets: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 12.0,
       parentTag: safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Increase (Decrease) in Right Of Use Assets,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Right Of Use Assets,
        negatedTerseLabel: Right of use assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInRightOfUseAssets,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_InventoryAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory [Axis],
        label: Inventory [Axis],
        terseLabel: Inventory [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryAxis,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    safm_InventoryDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory [Domain],
        label: Inventory [Domain],
        terseLabel: Inventory [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryDomain,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_InventoryFeedEggsAndOtherMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory
 Feed
 Eggs and Other [Member],
        label: Inventory Feed Eggs And Other [Member],
        terseLabel: Feed
 eggs and other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryFeedEggsAndOtherMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_InventoryLivePoultryBroilersAndBreedersMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory
 Live Poultry Broilers and Breeders [Member],
        label: Inventory Live Poultry Broilers And Breeders [Member],
        terseLabel: Live poultry-broilers (net of reserve) and breeders
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryLivePoultryBroilersAndBreedersMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_InventoryPackagingMaterialsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory
 Packaging Materials [Member],
        label: Inventory Packaging Materials [Member],
        terseLabel: Packaging materials
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryPackagingMaterialsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_InventoryProcessedFoodMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory
 Processed Food [Member],
        label: Inventory Processed Food [Member],
        terseLabel: Prepared chicken
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryProcessedFoodMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_InventoryProcessedPoultryMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory
 Processed Poultry [Member],
        label: Inventory Processed Poultry [Member],
        terseLabel: Processed poultry
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryProcessedPoultryMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_InventoryWriteDownAndRecoveries: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inventory Write-Down and Recoveries,
        label: Inventory Write Down And Recoveries,
        verboseLabel: Live inventory adjustment (net of prior period reversal)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryWriteDownAndRecoveries,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_LandAndBuildingsGross: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Land and buildings
 Gross,
        label: Land And Buildings Gross,
        terseLabel: Land and buildings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LandAndBuildingsGross,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due After Year Four,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payments
 Due After Year Four,
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFour,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_LeverageRatioLevelsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Leverage Ratio Levels [Axis],
        label: Leverage Ratio Levels [Axis],
        terseLabel: Leverage Ratio Levels [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeverageRatioLevelsAxis,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    safm_LeverageRatioLevelsDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: [Domain] for Leverage Ratio Levels [Axis],
        label: Leverage Ratio Levels [Domain],
        terseLabel: Leverage Ratio Levels [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeverageRatioLevelsDomain,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_LineItemFreightRevenueMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line Item Freight Revenue,
        label: Line Item Freight Revenue [Member],
        terseLabel: Line Item Freight Revenue
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineItemFreightRevenueMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_LiveInventoryAdjustment: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Live Inventory Adjustment,
        label: Live Inventory Adjustment,
        terseLabel: Live inventory adjustment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiveInventoryAdjustment,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_MatchingRestrictedSharesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Matching Restricted Shares [Member],
        label: Matching Restricted Shares [Member],
        terseLabel: Matching Restricted Shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MatchingRestrictedSharesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_MinimallypreparedchickenMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimally prepared chicken,
        label: Minimally prepared chicken [Member],
        verboseLabel: Frozen chicken
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinimallypreparedchickenMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_OfficersAndKeyManagementEmployeesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Officers And Key Management Employees,
        label: Officers And Key Management Employees [Member],
        terseLabel: Officers And Key Management Employees
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OfficersAndKeyManagementEmployeesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_OtherPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Preferred Stock [Member],
        label: Other Preferred Stock [Member],
        terseLabel: Par value to be determined by the Board of Directors: authorized 4
500
000 shares; none issued
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherPreferredStockMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_OutsideDirectorsMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outside Directors [Member],
        label: Outside Directors [Member],
        terseLabel: Outside Directors
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OutsideDirectorsMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_OutsideUnitedStatesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outside United States [Member],
        label: Outside United States [Member],
        terseLabel: Outside United States
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OutsideUnitedStatesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedandUndistributedEarningsLossBasicandDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Participating Securities
 Distributed and Undistributed Earnings (Loss)
 Basic and Diluted,
        label: Participating Securities
 Distributed and Undistributed Earnings (Loss)
 Basic and Diluted,
        negatedLabel: Distributed and undistributed (earnings) to unvested restricted stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ParticipatingSecuritiesDistributedandUndistributedEarningsLossBasicandDiluted,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_PerformanceSharePlan2015Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Performance Share Plan
 2015,
        label: Performance Share Plan
 2015 [Member],
        terseLabel: 2015 Performance Share Agreement
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PerformanceSharePlan2015Member,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_PerformanceSharePlan2016Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Performance Share Plan
 2016,
        label: Performance Share Plan
 2016 [Member],
        terseLabel: 2016 Performance Share Agreement
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PerformanceSharePlan2016Member,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_PerformanceSharePlan2017Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Performance Share Plan
 2017,
        label: Performance Share Plan
 2017 [Member],
        terseLabel: 2017 Performance Share Agreement
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PerformanceSharePlan2017Member,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_PerformanceSharePlan2018Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Performance Share Plan
 2018,
        label: Performance Share Plan
 2018 [Member],
        terseLabel: 2018 Performance Share Agreement
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PerformanceSharePlan2018Member,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_PerformanceSharePlan2019Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Performance Share Plan
 2019,
        label: Performance Share Plan
 2019 [Member],
        terseLabel: 2019 Performance Share Agreement
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PerformanceSharePlan2019Member,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_PerformanceSharePlan2020Member: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Performance Share Plan
 2020,
        label: Performance Share Plan
 2020 [Member],
        terseLabel: 2020 Performance Share Agreement
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PerformanceSharePlan2020Member,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_ProceedsPaymentsFromCommonStockIssuedUnderStockCompensationPlans: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Proceeds Payments from Common Stock Issued under Stock Compensation Plans,
        label: Proceeds Payments From Common Stock Issued Under Stock Compensation Plans,
        negatedLabel: Payments from issuance of common stock under stock compensation plans
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsPaymentsFromCommonStockIssuedUnderStockCompensationPlans,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_ProductSixMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Product 6 [Member],
        label: Product Six [Member],
        terseLabel: Offal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProductSixMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapitalMaximumIncrease: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Ratio Of Indebtedness To Net Capital
 Maximum Increase,
        label: Ratio Of Indebtedness To Net Capital
 Maximum Increase,
        terseLabel: Maximum increase
 ratio of indebtedness to net capital
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapitalMaximumIncrease,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    },
    safm_ReconciliationOfProvisionOfIncomeTaxesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reconciliation of Provision of Income Taxes [Line Items],
        label: Reconciliation Of Provision Of Income Taxes [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Provision of Income Taxes [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReconciliationOfProvisionOfIncomeTaxesLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    safm_ReconciliationOfProvisionOfIncomeTaxesTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reconciliation of Provision of Income Taxes [Table],
        label: Reconciliation Of Provision Of Income Taxes [Table],
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Provision of Income Taxes [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReconciliationOfProvisionOfIncomeTaxesTable,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    safm_RetainerAndMeetingFeesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Retainer and Meeting Fees [Member],
        label: Retainer And Meeting Fees [Member],
        terseLabel: Retainer and Meeting Fees
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetainerAndMeetingFeesMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_RevenueNet: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revenue
 Net,
        label: Revenue
 Net,
        terseLabel: Net sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueNet,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    safm_ScenarioLessThan25PercentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Scenario
 Less Than 25 Percent,
        label: Scenario
 Less Than 25 Percent [Member],
        terseLabel: Greater than 25 percent
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScenarioLessThan25PercentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_ScenarioMoreThan25LessThan35PercentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Scenario
 More Than 25 Less Than 35 Percent,
        label: Scenario
 More Than 25 Less Than 35 Percent [Member],
        terseLabel: Greater than or equal to 25 percent less than or equal to 35 percent
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScenarioMoreThan25LessThan35PercentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_ScenarioMoreThan35LessThan45PercentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Scenario
 More Than 35 Less Than 45 Percent,
        label: Scenario
 More Than 35 Less Than 45 Percent [Member],
        terseLabel: Greater than or equal to 35 percent less than or equal to 45 percent
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScenarioMoreThan35LessThan45PercentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_ScenarioMoreThan45PercentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Scenario
 More Than 45 Percent,
        label: Scenario
 More Than 45 Percent [Member],
        terseLabel: Greater than or equal to 45 Percent
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScenarioMoreThan45PercentMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_ScheduleOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule Of Defined Contribution Pension And Other Postretirement Plans Disclosure [Line Items],
        label: Schedule Of Defined Contribution Pension And Other Postretirement Plans Disclosure [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Defined Contribution Pension And Other Postretirement Plans Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    safm_ScheduleOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule Of Defined Contribution Pension And Other Postretirement Plans Disclosure [Table],
        label: Schedule Of Defined Contribution Pension And Other Postretirement Plans Disclosure [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule Of Defined Contribution Pension And Other Postretirement Plans Disclosure [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureTable,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    safm_SecuritiesMaturity: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Securities Maturity,
        label: Securities Maturity,
        terseLabel: Highly liquid investments included as cash equivalents
 maximum maturities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SecuritiesMaturity,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    safm_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteAdditionalServicePeriod: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Requisite Additional Service Period,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Requisite Additional Service Period,
        terseLabel: Additional service period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardRequisiteAdditionalServicePeriod,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items],
        label: Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Significant Accounting Policies [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesLineItems,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    safm_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Significant Accounting Policies [Table],
        label: Significant Accounting Policies [Table],
        terseLabel: Significant Accounting Policies [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesTable,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    safm_StockPurchasePlanMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Purchase Plan,
        label: Stock Purchase Plan [Member],
        terseLabel: Management Share Purchase Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockPurchasePlanMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    safm_UpToThreePercentOfEmployeeSalaryMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Up to 3 Percent of Employee Salary,
        label: Up To Three Percent Of Employee Salary [Member],
        terseLabel: Up To 3% of Employee Salary
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UpToThreePercentOfEmployeeSalaryMember,
     nsuri: http://www.sandersonfarms.com/20201031,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_MajorCustomersAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r177,
      r230,
      r233,
      r473
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name or description of a single external customer or a group of external customers.,
        label: Customer [Axis],
        terseLabel: Customer [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MajorCustomersAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r313,
      r318,
      r434,
      r435,
      r436,
      r437,
      r438,
      r439,
      r440,
      r470,
      r474
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Upper limit of the provided range.,
        label: Maximum [Member],
        terseLabel: Maximum,
        verboseLabel: Maximum
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MaximumMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r313,
      r318,
      r434,
      r435,
      r436,
      r437,
      r438,
      r439,
      r440,
      r470,
      r474
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lower limit of the provided range.,
        label: Minimum [Member],
        terseLabel: Minimum
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinimumMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_NameOfMajorCustomerDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r177,
      r230,
      r233,
      r473
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Single external customer or group of external customers.,
        label: Customer [Domain],
        terseLabel: Customer [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NameOfMajorCustomerDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ProductOrServiceAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r174,
      r230,
      r231,
      r441,
      r469,
      r471
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by product and service
 or group of similar products and similar services.,
        label: Product and Service [Axis],
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProductOrServiceAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r174,
      r230,
      r231,
      r441,
      r469,
      r471
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Product or service
 or a group of similar products or similar services.,
        label: Product and Service [Domain],
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProductsAndServicesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268,
      r313,
      r318,
      r434,
      r435,
      r436,
      r437,
      r438,
      r439,
      r440,
      r470,
      r474
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by statistical measurement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 minimum
 maximum
 weighted average
 arithmetic average
 and median.,
        label: Statistical Measurement [Axis],
        terseLabel: Statistical Measurement [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RangeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r268,
      r313,
      r318,
      r434,
      r435,
      r436,
      r437,
      r438,
      r439,
      r440,
      r470,
      r474
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Statistical measurement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 minimum
 maximum
 weighted average
 arithmetic average
 and median.,
        label: Statistical Measurement [Domain],
        terseLabel: Statistical Measurement [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RangeMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r107,
      r530
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Schedule of Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Schedule II
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleII
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    srt_SegmentGeographicalDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r175,
      r176,
      r230,
      r232,
      r472,
      r510,
      r511,
      r512,
      r513,
      r514,
      r515,
      r516,
      r517
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Geographical area.,
        label: Geographical [Domain],
        terseLabel: Geographical [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SegmentGeographicalDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_StatementGeographicalAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r175,
      r176,
      r230,
      r232,
      r472,
      r505,
      r510,
      r511,
      r512,
      r513,
      r514,
      r515,
      r516,
      r517,
      r518,
      r528,
      r529
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by geographical components.,
        label: Geographical [Axis],
        terseLabel: Geographical [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementGeographicalAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r178,
      r432
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by title of individual or nature of relationship to individual or group of individuals.,
        label: Title of Individual [Axis],
        terseLabel: Title of Individual [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TitleOfIndividualAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of individual
 or nature of relationship to individual or group of individuals.,
        label: Title of Individual [Domain],
        terseLabel: Relationship to Entity [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts [Abstract],
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items],
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    srt_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r107,
      r530
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Table],
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts Disclosure [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    stpr_GA: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: GEORGIA,
        terseLabel: Georgia
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GA,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2018-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    stpr_NC: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: NORTH CAROLINA,
        terseLabel: North Carolina
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NC,
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2018-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Accounting Policies [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountingPoliciesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r239
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).,
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2014-09 [Member],
        terseLabel: Accounting Standards Update 2014-09
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r41
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for accounts payable and accrued liabilities at the end of the reporting period.,
        label: Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/Accruedexpenses
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r40
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accounts Payable
 Current,
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsPayableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r3,
      r24,
      r179,
      r180
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.,
        label: Accounts Receivable
 after Allowance for Credit Loss
 Current,
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable
 less allowance of $1
260 in 2020 and $1
260 in 2019
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccountsReceivableNetCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccrualForTaxesOtherThanIncomeTaxesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12,
      r44,
      r351
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for real and property taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accrual for Taxes Other than Income Taxes
 Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued property taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccrualForTaxesOtherThanIncomeTaxesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accrued Liabilities
 Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses,
        totalLabel: Accrued expenses
 total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accrued Marketing Costs
 Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued rebates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccruedPayrollTaxesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12,
      r44
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory payroll taxes incurred through that date and withheld from employees pertaining to services received from them
 including entity's matching share of the employees FICA taxes and contributions to the state and federal unemployment insurance programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accrued Payroll Taxes
 Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued payroll taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedPayrollTaxesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccruedSalariesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r11,
      r12,
      r44
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the obligations incurred through that date and payable for employees' services provided. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accrued Salaries
 Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued wages
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedSalariesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccruedVacationCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r11,
      r44,
      r240
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for unused vacation time owed to employees based on the entity's vacation benefit given to its employees. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Accrued Vacation
 Current,
        terseLabel: Accrued vacation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccruedVacationCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38,
      r203
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.,
        label: Accumulated Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant
 and Equipment,
        negatedTerseLabel: Less accumulated depreciation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.,
        label: Additional Paid in Capital
 Common Stock,
        terseLabel: Paid-in capital
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109,
      r110,
      r111,
      r343,
      r344,
      r345
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.,
        label: Additional Paid-in Capital [Member],
        terseLabel: Paid-In Capital
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112,
      r113,
      r114,
      r115,
      r185,
      r186,
      r187,
      r188,
      r189,
      r190,
      r339,
      r340,
      r341,
      r342,
      r343,
      r344,
      r345,
      r346,
      r379,
      r380,
      r381,
      r382,
      r442,
      r443,
      r444,
      r475,
      r476,
      r477,
      r478,
      r479,
      r480,
      r481,
      r482,
      r483,
      r484,
      r485,
      r486
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by amendment to accounting standards.,
        label: Accounting Standards Update [Axis],
        terseLabel: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r352
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising cost.,
        label: Advertising Cost [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Advertising and Marketing Costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r353
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.,
        label: Advertising Expense,
        terseLabel: Advertising costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AdvertisingExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r321,
      r335,
      r347
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes amount capitalized.,
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expense,
        terseLabel: Compensation expense,
        verboseLabel: Total compensation cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AllowanceForCreditLossMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r106
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Allowance for credit loss from right to consideration in exchange for good or service transferred to customer when right is conditioned on something other than passage of time.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Allowance
 Credit Loss [Member],
        terseLabel: Allowance for doubtful accounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllowanceForCreditLossMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r30,
      r181,
      r191
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.,
        label: Accounts Receivable
 Allowance for Credit Loss
 Current,
        terseLabel: Accounts Receivable
 Allowance for Credit Loss
 Current
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94,
      r164,
      r167,
      r172,
      r184,
      r394,
      r397,
      r404,
      r445,
      r459
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.,
        label: Assets,
        totalLabel: Total assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Assets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Assets [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r7,
      r9,
      r54,
      r94,
      r184,
      r394,
      r397,
      r404
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.,
        label: Assets
 Current,
        totalLabel: Total current assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Assets
 Current [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Current assets:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r323,
      r337
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Award Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Award Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: AwardTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_BuildingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r202
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Facility held for productive use including
 but not limited to
 office
 production
 storage and distribution facilities.,
        label: Building [Member],
        terseLabel: Building
       }
      }
     },
     localname: BuildingMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87,
      r88,
      r89
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Future cash outflow to pay for purchases of fixed assets that have occurred.,
        label: Capital Expenditures Incurred but Not yet Paid,
        terseLabel: Capital expenditures included in accounts payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CapitalExpendituresIncurredButNotYetPaid,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r1,
      r35,
      r84
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents
 at Carrying Value,
        periodEndLabel: Cash and cash equivalents at end of year,
        periodStartLabel: Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year,
        verboseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15,
      r85,
      r90
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.,
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Cash Equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78,
      r405
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Cash
 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)
 Including Exchange Rate Effect,
        totalLabel: Net change in cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CashEquivalentsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r15
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.,
        label: Cash Equivalents [Member],
        terseLabel: Cash Equivalents
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CashEquivalentsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ClassOfStockDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93,
      r94,
      r127,
      r128,
      r129,
      r132,
      r134,
      r145,
      r146,
      r147,
      r184,
      r404
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share of stock differentiated by the voting rights the holder receives. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 common stock
 redeemable preferred stock
 nonredeemable preferred stock
 and convertible stock.,
        label: Class of Stock [Domain],
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ClassOfStockDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ClassOfTreasuryStockTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224,
      r225,
      r226,
      r227
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about treasury stock
 including
 but not limited to
 average cost per share
 description of share repurchase program
 shares repurchased
 shares held for each class of treasury stock.,
        label: Class of Treasury Stock [Table],
        terseLabel: Class of Treasury Stock [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ClassOfTreasuryStockTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CollectiveBargainingArrangementAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r313,
      r318
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by arrangement collectively bargained between employer and its employees represented by union.,
        label: Collective-Bargaining Arrangement [Axis],
        terseLabel: Collective Bargaining Arrangement [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CollectiveBargainingArrangementAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CollectiveBargainingArrangementDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r313,
      r318
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrangement collectively bargained between employer and its employees represented by union.,
        label: Collective-Bargaining Arrangement [Domain],
        terseLabel: Collective Bargaining Arrangement [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CollectiveBargainingArrangementDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48,
      r212,
      r450,
      r464
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.,
        label: Commitments and Contingencies,
        terseLabel: Commitments and contingencies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingencies,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r208,
      r210,
      r211,
      r213
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.,
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingencies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate dividends declared during the period for each share of common stock outstanding.,
        label: Common Stock
 Dividends
 Per Share
 Declared,
        terseLabel: Dividends per share (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITYParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109,
      r110
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.,
        label: Common Stock [Member],
        terseLabel: Common\u00a0Stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.,
        label: Common Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share,
        terseLabel: Common Stock
 par value (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.,
        label: Common Stock
 Shares Authorized,
        terseLabel: Common Stock
 authorized shares (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.,
        label: Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued,
        terseLabel: Common Stock
 issued shares (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesIssued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23,
      r218
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.,
        label: Common Stock
 Shares
 Outstanding,
        terseLabel: Common Stock
 outstanding shares (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.,
        label: Common Stock
 Value
 Issued,
        terseLabel: Common Stock
 $1 par value: authorized 100
000
000 shares; issued and outstanding shares - 22
251
071 at October\u00a031
 2020 and 22
203
920 at October\u00a031
 2019
 respectively
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CommonStockValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r242,
      r245,
      r319
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure of an entity's employee compensation and benefit plans
 excluding share-based compensation and including
 but not limited to
 postemployment and postretirement benefit plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined contribution plans
 non-qualified and supplemental benefit plans
 deferred compensation
 life insurance
 severance
 health care
 unemployment and other benefit plans.,
        label: Compensation and Employee Benefit Plans
 Other than Share-based Compensation [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Employee Benefit Plans
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansOtherThanShareBasedCompensationTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlans
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Retirement Benefits [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Retirement Benefits [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153,
      r154,
      r177,
      r402,
      r403
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The denominator in a calculation of a disclosed concentration risk percentage.,
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153,
      r154,
      r177,
      r402,
      r403,
      r487
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by benchmark of concentration risk.,
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153,
      r154,
      r177,
      r402,
      r403,
      r487
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of concentration risk
 for example
 but not limited to
 asset
 liability
 net assets
 geographic
 customer
 employees
 supplier
 lender.,
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153,
      r154,
      r177,
      r402,
      r403
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the \benchmark\ (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.,
        label: Concentration Risk
 Percentage,
        terseLabel: Percentage of revenue from a single major customer
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskPercentage1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153,
      r154,
      r177,
      r402,
      r403
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk as a percentage of some financial balance or benchmark
 identifies the type (for example
 asset
 liability
 net assets
 geographic
 customer
 employees
 supplier
 lender) of the concentration.,
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90,
      r396
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy regarding (1) the principles it follows in consolidating or combining the separate financial statements
 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.,
        label: Consolidation
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Principles of Consolidation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConsolidationPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r202
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of structure or a modification to a structure under construction. Includes recently completed structures or modifications to structures that have not been placed into service.,
        label: Construction in Progress
 Gross,
        terseLabel: Work-in-process
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ConstructionInProgressGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r65,
      r441
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities.,
        label: Cost of Goods and Services Sold,
        negatedLabel: Cost of sales,
        terseLabel: Cost of sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r63
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total costs of sales and operating expenses for the period.,
        label: Costs and Expenses,
        totalLabel: Cost and expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostsAndExpenses,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CostsAndExpensesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Costs and Expenses [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Cost and expenses:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CostsAndExpensesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.,
        label: Credit Facility [Axis],
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CreditFacilityAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.,
        label: Credit Facility [Domain],
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CreditFacilityDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95,
      r376,
      r385
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95,
      r376,
      r385,
      r387
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        totalLabel: Current income tax expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Continuing Operations [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Current expense (benefit):
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95,
      r376,
      r385
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Current State and Local Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r152,
      r177
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that revenues in the period from one or more significant customers is to net revenues
 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues
 segment revenues. The risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a significant customer.,
        label: Customer Concentration Risk [Member],
        terseLabel: Customer Concentration Risk
       }
      }
     },
     localname: CustomerConcentrationRiskMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Debt Disclosure [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r217
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.,
        label: Debt Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Long-Term debt obligations
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligations
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage points added to the reference rate to compute the variable rate on the debt instrument.,
        label: Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate,
        terseLabel: Interest rate,
        verboseLabel: Spread
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Debt Instrument [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46,
      r96,
      r219,
      r220,
      r221,
      r222,
      r414,
      r415,
      r417,
      r456
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to long-term debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company
 if longer.,
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtInstrumentTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DebtWeightedAverageInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average interest rate of debt outstanding.,
        label: Debt
 Weighted Average Interest Rate,
        terseLabel: Debt
 weighted average interest rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DebtWeightedAverageInterestRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredBonusMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: An contractual arrangement whereby an employee is entitled to receive in the future
 subject to vesting and other restrictions
 a bonus
 as defined in the agreement
 of the entity or portion thereof. Employer contributions may be discretionary or may be based on a fixed formula related to individual
 group and entity-wide performance goals
 compensation
 or other factors. It is a form of incentive compensation to employees in addition to their regular salary and profit sharing.,
        label: Deferred Bonus [Member],
        terseLabel: Deferred Bonus
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredBonusMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r241,
      r321
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The compensation expense recognized during the period pertaining to the deferred compensation arrangement.,
        label: Deferred Compensation Arrangement with Individual
 Compensation Expense,
        terseLabel: Compensation expense related to the matching contribution
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualCompensationExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of deferred compensation related to equity-based payment arrangements. Includes
 but is not limited to
 employment contracts with one or more selected officers or key employees. Excludes broad group equity-based compensation plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined benefit other postretirement benefit plans and other deferred compensation that is not equivalent to a defined benefit pension plan or a defined benefit other postretirement benefit plan.,
        label: Equity-Based Arrangements
 Individual Contracts
 Type of Deferred Compensation [Axis],
        terseLabel: Type of Deferred Compensation [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredCompensationArrangementWithIndividualShareBasedPaymentsByTypeOfDeferredCompensationAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the amounts paid in advance for capitalized costs that will be expensed with the passage of time or the occurrence of a triggering event
 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.,
        label: Deferred Costs
 Capitalized
 Prepaid
 and Other Assets Disclosure [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95,
      r377,
      r385
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r82,
      r95,
      r377,
      r385,
      r386,
      r387
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: Deferred income taxes,
        totalLabel: Deferred income tax expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Continuing Operations [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Deferred expense (benefit):
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r19,
      r20,
      r368,
      r446,
      r457
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Gross,
        totalLabel: Total deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r358,
      r359
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.,
        label: Deferred Income Tax Liabilities
 Net,
        terseLabel: Deferred income taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95,
      r377,
      r385
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.,
        label: Deferred State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r374,
      r375
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from inventory.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Inventory,
        terseLabel: Inventory
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsInventory,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r370
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Net of Valuation Allowance,
        totalLabel: Total deferred tax assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Net [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Deferred tax assets:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsNetAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r374,
      r375
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible operating loss carryforwards.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Operating Loss Carryforwards,
        terseLabel: Net operating loss
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r374,
      r375
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Other,
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from state taxes.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 State Taxes,
        verboseLabel: State income tax credits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsStateTaxes,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsGeneralBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r373,
      r374,
      r375
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible general business tax credit carryforwards.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Credit Carryforwards
 General Business,
        terseLabel: Federal credits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwardsGeneralBusiness,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r374,
      r375
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from share-based compensation.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits
 Share-based Compensation Cost,
        terseLabel: Compensation on restricted stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r369
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.,
        label: Deferred Tax Assets
 Valuation Allowance,
        negatedLabel: Valuation allowance,
        terseLabel: Recorded valuation allowance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r359,
      r370
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Net,
        totalLabel: Net deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Gross [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Deferred tax liabilities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r374,
      r375
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences classified as other.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Other,
        terseLabel: Prepaid and other assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r374,
      r375
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.,
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Property
 Plant and Equipment,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost for defined contribution plan.,
        label: Defined Contribution Plan
 Cost,
        terseLabel: Employee benefit plans
 total employer contribution
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of employees' gross pay for which the employer contributes a matching contribution to a defined contribution plan.,
        label: Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Matching Contribution
 Percent of Employees' Gross Pay,
        terseLabel: Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution
 percent of employees' salary
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage employer matches of the employee's percentage contribution matched.,
        label: Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Matching Contribution
 Percent of Match,
        terseLabel: Employee benefit plans
 employer matching contribution percentage
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r82,
      r162
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.,
        label: Depreciation
 Depletion and Amortization,
        terseLabel: Depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DifferenceBetweenRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeAndAfterTopic606Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r238
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effect in current period from application of guidance for revenue from contract with customer compared with guidance for revenue recognition applicable prior to change when using transition method for cumulative effect in period including initial date of application.,
        label: Difference between Revenue Guidance in Effect before and after Topic 606 [Member],
        terseLabel: Difference between Revenue Guidance in Effect before and after Topic 606
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DifferenceBetweenRevenueGuidanceInEffectBeforeAndAfterTopic606Member,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Disaggregation of Revenue [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r230,
      r231,
      r232,
      r233,
      r234,
      r235,
      r236,
      r237
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.,
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table],
        terseLabel: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r230
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of disaggregation of revenue into categories depicting how nature
 amount
 timing
 and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factor.,
        label: Disaggregation of Revenue [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Disaggregation of Revenue
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisaggregationOfRevenueTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/DisaggregationofRevenue
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r350
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Stock Compensation Plans
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlans
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Disclosure of Compensation Related Costs
 Share-based Payments [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal: {
     auth_ref: [
      r82,
      r201,
      r205
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of gain (loss) recognized on the sale or disposal of a disposal group. Excludes discontinued operations.,
        label: Disposal Group
 Not Discontinued Operation
 Gain (Loss) on Disposal,
        negatedLabel: Loss on asset disposals
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DisposalGroupNotDiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposal,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_DividendsCash: {
     auth_ref: [
      r223,
      r455
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of paid and unpaid cash dividends declared for classes of stock
 for example
 but not limited to
 common and preferred.,
        label: Dividends
 Cash,
        negatedLabel: Cash dividends
       }
      }
     },
     localname: DividendsCash,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Earnings per share:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r61,
      r116,
      r117,
      r118,
      r119,
      r120,
      r124,
      r127,
      r132,
      r133,
      r134,
      r138,
      r139,
      r452,
      r467
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Basic,
        terseLabel: Basic (in usd per share),
        verboseLabel: Earnings per common share - Basic (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r61,
      r116,
      r117,
      r118,
      r119,
      r120,
      r127,
      r132,
      r133,
      r134,
      r138,
      r139,
      r452,
      r467
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.,
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Diluted,
        terseLabel: Diluted (in usd per share),
        verboseLabel: Earnings per common share - Diluted (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareDiluted,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90,
      r135,
      r136
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.,
        label: Earnings Per Share
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Earnings Per Share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135,
      r136,
      r137,
      r140
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for earnings per share.,
        label: Earnings Per Share [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Earnings Per Share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EarningsPerShareTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShare
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Effective income tax rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361,
      r388
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss).,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Federal statutory rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationShareBasedCompensationExcessTaxBenefitAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r349,
      r361
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operation
 attributable to expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes expense determined to be nondeductible upon grant or after for award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Excess tax benefits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationShareBasedCompensationExcessTaxBenefitAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsInvestment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361,
      r388
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to investment tax credit.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Credit
 Investment
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Investment tax credit provided by Investing in Business Property Credit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsInvestment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r336
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost not yet recognized for nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Unrecognized share-based compensation costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r336
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized
 Period for Recognition,
        terseLabel: Unrecognized share-based compensation costs weighted average period of recognition
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EmployeeStockOwnershipPlanESOPCashContributionsToESOP: {
     auth_ref: [
      r348
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: This item represents the amount of cash contributions during the period made by the entity to the Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP).,
        label: Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP)
 Cash Contributions to ESOP,
        terseLabel: Total contributions to the ESOP
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EmployeeStockOwnershipPlanESOPCashContributionsToESOP,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Equity [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityBasedArrangementsIndividualContractsTypeOfDeferredCompensationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred compensation related to equity-based payment arrangements. Includes
 but is not limited to
 employment contracts with one or more selected officers or key employees. Excludes broad group equity-based compensation plans
 defined benefit pension plans
 defined benefit other postretirement benefit plans and other deferred compensation that is not equivalent to a defined benefit pension plan or a defined benefit other postretirement benefit plan.,
        label: Equity-Based Arrangements
 Individual Contracts
 Type of Deferred Compensation [Domain],
        terseLabel: Type of Deferred Compensation
 All Types [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityBasedArrangementsIndividualContractsTypeOfDeferredCompensationDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityClassOfTreasuryStockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityClassOfTreasuryStockLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109,
      r110,
      r111,
      r113,
      r121,
      r123,
      r144,
      r188,
      r218,
      r223,
      r343,
      r344,
      r345,
      r381,
      r382,
      r406,
      r407,
      r408,
      r409,
      r410,
      r411,
      r477,
      r478,
      r479
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common
 preferred
 treasury stock
 retained earnings
 etc.,
        label: Equity Component [Domain],
        terseLabel: Equity Component [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: EquityComponentDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90,
      r400,
      r401
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the fair value of financial instruments.,
        label: Fair Value of Financial Instruments
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Fair Value of Financial Instruments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement: {
     auth_ref: [
      r212
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) recognized in settlement of litigation and insurance claims. Excludes claims within an insurance entity's normal claims settlement process.,
        label: Gain (Loss) Related to Litigation Settlement,
        terseLabel: Gain (Loss) related to litigation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GainLossRelatedToLitigationSettlement,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_GrossProfit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r64,
      r94,
      r164,
      r166,
      r168,
      r171,
      r173,
      r184,
      r404
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.,
        label: Gross Profit,
        terseLabel: Gross profit (loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: GrossProfit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90,
      r200,
      r206
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for recognizing and measuring the impairment of long-lived assets. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for long-lived assets to be sold. This policy excludes goodwill and intangible assets.,
        label: Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r98,
      r164,
      r166,
      r168,
      r171,
      r173
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.,
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Equity Method Investments
 Income Taxes
 Noncontrolling Interest,
        totalLabel: Income (loss) before income taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Income Statement [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeStatementAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r364
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by tax jurisdiction.,
        label: Income Tax Authority [Axis],
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agency
 division or body classification that levies income taxes
 examines tax returns for compliance
 or grants exemptions from or makes other decisions pertaining to income taxes.,
        label: Income Tax Authority [Domain],
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r362,
      r366,
      r372,
      r383,
      r389,
      r391,
      r392,
      r393
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.,
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxes
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95,
      r122,
      r123,
      r163,
      r360,
      r384,
      r390,
      r468
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss,
       weight: -1.0
      },
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.,
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit),
        terseLabel: Income tax expense (benefit),
        totalLabel: Income tax expense (benefit)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesIncomeTaxExpenseDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r57,
      r90,
      r356,
      r357,
      r366,
      r367,
      r371,
      r378,
      r506
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.,
        label: Income Tax
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance
 Amount,
        verboseLabel: Change in valuation allowance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r355,
      r361
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Change in Enacted Tax Rate
 Amount,
        negatedTerseLabel: Discrete tax benefit,
        terseLabel: Discrete benefit resulting from TCJA
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of income tax expense or benefit for the period computed by applying the domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Income taxes at statutory rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to nondeductible expenses.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Nondeductible Expense
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Nondeductible expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Other Adjustments
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to state and local income tax expense (benefit).,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 State and Local Income Taxes
 Amount,
        terseLabel: State income taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCredits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to tax credits. Including
 but not limited to
 research credit
 foreign tax credit
 investment tax credit
 and other tax credits.,
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Tax Credit
 Amount,
        negatedLabel: Income tax credits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxCredits,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r86
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.,
        label: Income Taxes Paid
 Net,
        terseLabel: Income taxes paid
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxesPaidNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r50,
      r449,
      r465
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount due within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from tax authorities as of the balance sheet date representing refunds of overpayments or recoveries based on agreed-upon resolutions of disputes.,
        label: Income Taxes Receivable
 Current,
        terseLabel: Refundable income taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncomeTaxesReceivable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 14.0,
       parentTag: safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate amount of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable,
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Receivable,
        negatedLabel: Accounts receivable - trade
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherOperatingLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 15.0,
       parentTag: safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in accrued expenses
 and obligations classified as other.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accrued Liabilities and Other Operating Liabilities,
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses
 claims payable and other liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherOperatingLiabilities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10.0,
       parentTag: safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in income taxes receivable
 which represents the amount due from tax authorities for refunds of overpayments or recoveries of income taxes paid.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Income Taxes Receivable,
        negatedTerseLabel: Income taxes
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxesReceivable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInsuranceSettlementsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 8.0,
       parentTag: safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in insurance settlements receivable
 which are amounts due in settlement of a claim for reimbursement from an insurance company when the Company has suffered a loss covered under an insurance policy. The expectation is that such reimbursement will be received within one year of the balance sheet date.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Insurance Settlements Receivable,
        negatedTerseLabel: Accounts receivable - insurance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInsuranceSettlementsReceivable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 9.0,
       parentTag: safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Inventories,
        negatedLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInventories,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Change in assets and liabilities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 11.0,
       parentTag: safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets,
        negatedLabel: Prepaid expenses and other assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r238
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information about effect of transition method for cumulative effect in initial period of application.,
        label: Initial Application Period Cumulative Effect Transition [Axis],
        terseLabel: Initial Application Period Cumulative Effect Transition [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r238
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effect of transition method for cumulative effect in initial period of application.,
        label: Initial Application Period Cumulative Effect Transition [Domain],
        terseLabel: Initial Application Period Cumulative Effect Transition [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InitialApplicationPeriodCumulativeEffectTransitionDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InsuranceSettlementsReceivableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount due in settlement of a claim for reimbursement from an insurance company when the Company has suffered a loss covered under an insurance policy.   For classified balance sheets
 represents the current amount receivable
 that is amounts expected to be collected within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Insurance Settlements Receivable
 Current,
        terseLabel: Receivable from insurance companies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InsuranceSettlementsReceivableCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r58,
      r161,
      r413,
      r416,
      r453
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense.,
        label: Interest Expense,
        negatedLabel: Interest expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InterestPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r77,
      r79,
      r86
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.,
        label: Interest Paid
 Excluding Capitalized Interest
 Operating Activities,
        terseLabel: Interest paid
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InterestPaidNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InternalRevenueServiceIRSMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of the United States of America government entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity.,
        label: Internal Revenue Service (IRS) [Member],
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InternalRevenueServiceIRSMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryCurrentTable: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about inventory expected to be sold or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Inventory
 Current [Table],
        terseLabel: Inventory
 Current [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryCurrentTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Inventory Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r195
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.,
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/Inventories
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Inventory [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Inventory [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2,
      r51
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Inventory
 Net,
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r14,
      r52,
      r90,
      r141,
      r193,
      r194,
      r195
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.,
        label: Inventory
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InventoryPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest: {
     auth_ref: [
      r67,
      r160
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accretion (amortization) of purchase discount (premium) of interest income on nonoperating securities.,
        label: Investment Income
 Interest,
        terseLabel: Interest income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentIncomeInterest,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r488,
      r489,
      r490,
      r491,
      r492,
      r493,
      r494,
      r495,
      r496,
      r497,
      r498,
      r499,
      r500,
      r501,
      r502
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of investments.,
        label: Investment Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Investment Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_InvestmentTypeCategorizationMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r488,
      r489,
      r490,
      r491,
      r492,
      r493,
      r494,
      r495,
      r496,
      r497,
      r498,
      r499,
      r500,
      r501,
      r502
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Asset obtained to generate income or appreciate in value.,
        label: Investments [Domain],
        terseLabel: Investments [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: InvestmentTypeCategorizationMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r428,
      r430
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesLeaseCostDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lease cost recognized by lessee for lease contract.,
        label: Lease
 Cost,
        totalLabel: Total lease cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesLeaseCostDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r428
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest expense for finance lease
 amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease
 operating lease cost
 short-term lease cost
 variable lease cost and sublease income.,
        label: Lease
 Cost [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Components of Lease Cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeaseCostTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LeasesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Leases [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LeasesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Maturity [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Maturities of Operating Leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails_1: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid,
        totalLabel: Total undiscounted operating lease payments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid
 Year One,
        terseLabel: 2021
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid
 Year Four,
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid
 Year Three,
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid
 Year Two,
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r429
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails_1: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Undiscounted Excess Amount,
        negatedTerseLabel: Less: imputed interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r431
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for operating leases of lessee. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of operating lease and maturity analysis of operating lease liability.,
        label: Lessee
 Operating Leases [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Leases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/Leases
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A document typically issued by a financial institution which acts as a guarantee of payment to a beneficiary
 or as the source of payment for a specific transaction (for example
 wiring funds to a foreign exporter if and when specified merchandise is accepted pursuant to the terms of the letter of credit).,
        label: Letter of Credit [Member],
        terseLabel: Letter of Credit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LetterOfCreditMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total amount of the contingent obligation under letters of credit outstanding as of the reporting date.,
        label: Letters of Credit Outstanding
 Amount,
        terseLabel: Letters of credit outstanding
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r29,
      r94,
      r184,
      r404,
      r448,
      r462
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.,
        label: Liabilities and Equity,
        totalLabel: Liabilities and Equity
 Total
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities and Equity [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Liabilities and Stockholders\u2019 Equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r45,
      r94,
      r184,
      r395,
      r397,
      r398,
      r404
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Liabilities
 Current,
        totalLabel: Total current liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities
 Current [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Current liabilities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18,
      r447,
      r458
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.,
        label: Long-term Line of Credit,
        terseLabel: Revolving credit facility
 outstanding borrowings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCredit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for the line of credit facility regardless of whether the facility has been used.,
        label: Line of Credit Facility
 Commitment Fee Percentage,
        terseLabel: Commitment\u00a0Fee
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityCommitmentFeePercentage,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Line of Credit Facility [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility.,
        label: Line of Credit Facility
 Maximum Borrowing Capacity,
        terseLabel: Revolving credit facility
 maximum borrowing capacity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of borrowing capacity currently available under the credit facility (current borrowing capacity less the amount of borrowings outstanding).,
        label: Line of Credit Facility
 Remaining Borrowing Capacity,
        terseLabel: Line of credit facility
 amount available
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42,
      r96
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders
 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.,
        label: Line of Credit Facility [Table],
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsLeverageRatioonwhichSpreadonLiborBorrowingsandCommitmentFeeforUnusedBalanceofRevolvingCreditAgreementareDeterminedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A contractual arrangement with a lender under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time
 and under which borrowings outstanding may be either short-term or long-term
 depending upon the particulars.,
        label: Line of Credit [Member],
        terseLabel: Line of Credit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LineOfCreditMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate at which a bank borrows funds from other banks in the London interbank market.,
        label: London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR) [Member],
        terseLabel: London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LondonInterbankOfferedRateLIBORMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18,
      r216,
      r447,
      r460
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.,
        label: Long-term Debt,
        terseLabel: Long-term debt,
        totalLabel: Revolving credit facility (weighted average interest rates of 1.4% at October 31
 2020 and 3.3% at October 31
 2019)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebt,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Current Maturities,
        netLabel: Less current maturities of long-term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99,
      r214
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).,
        label: Long-Term Debt
 Maturity
 Year One,
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Excluding Current Maturities,
        terseLabel: Long-term debt
 less current maturities,
        verboseLabel: Total long-term debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongTermDebtNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-term debt.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt
 Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46,
      r215
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of long-term debt arrangement
 such as notes
 line of credit
 commercial paper
 asset-based financing
 project financing
 letter of credit financing. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the company
 if longer.,
        label: Long-term Debt
 Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Long-term Debt
 Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: LongtermDebtTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10,
      r202
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.,
        label: Machinery and Equipment
 Gross,
        terseLabel: Machinery and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.,
        label: Machinery and Equipment [Member],
        terseLabel: Machinery and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MinimumNetWorthRequiredForCompliance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r503,
      r504
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The lowest amount of net worth (total assets minus total liabilities) required by secondary market investors or state-imposed regulatory mandates.,
        label: Minimum Net Worth Required for Compliance,
        terseLabel: Minimum net worth required for compliance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MinimumNetWorthRequiredForCompliance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Movement in Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Movement in Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: MovementInValuationAllowancesAndReservesRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities
 including discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.,
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities,
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Financing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities
 including discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.,
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities,
        totalLabel: Net cash used in investing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Investing activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78,
      r80,
      r83
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 including discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.,
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities,
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by operating activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Operating activities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0,
      r55,
      r56,
      r60,
      r83,
      r94,
      r112,
      r116,
      r117,
      r118,
      r119,
      r122,
      r123,
      r130,
      r164,
      r166,
      r168,
      r171,
      r173,
      r184,
      r404,
      r451,
      r466
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      },
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.,
        label: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent,
        netLabel: Net income (loss),
        terseLabel: Net income,
        totalLabel: Net income
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116,
      r117,
      r118,
      r119,
      r124,
      r125,
      r131,
      r134,
      r164,
      r166,
      r168,
      r171,
      r173
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 after deduction of tax
 noncontrolling interests
 dividends on preferred stock and participating securities; of income (loss) available to common shareholders.,
        label: Net Income (Loss) Available to Common Stockholders
 Basic,
        totalLabel: Distributed and undistributed earnings to common shareholders \u2014 Basic
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NetIncomeLossAvailableToCommonStockholdersBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.,
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Noncash Investing and Financing Items [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Non-cash investing activities:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NoncashInvestingAndFinancingItemsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of income or expense from ancillary business-related activities (that is to say
 excluding major activities considered part of the normal operations of the business).,
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense),
        totalLabel: Other income (expense)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Nonoperating Income (Expense) [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Other income (expense):
       }
      }
     },
     localname: NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r164,
      r166,
      r168,
      r171,
      r173
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.,
        label: Operating Income (Loss),
        totalLabel: Operating income (loss)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingIncomeLoss,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r421,
      r430
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesLeaseCostDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Cost,
        terseLabel: Operating lease cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesLeaseCostDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r419
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails_1: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Liability,
        terseLabel: Present value of lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesFutureMaturitiesofObligationsunderNonCancelableOperatingLeasesDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r419
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Liability
 Current,
        terseLabel: Lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r419
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Liability
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Long-term lease liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r420,
      r424
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Payments,
        terseLabel: Cash outflows for operating leases included in the measurement of lease liabilities during fiscal year 2020 (in thousands)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeasePayments,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesOtherInformationRegardingOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r418
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset,
        terseLabel: Right-of-use assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r427,
      r430
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for operating lease calculated at point in time.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Weighted Average Discount Rate
 Percent,
        terseLabel: Weighted-average discount rate as of October 31
 2020
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesOtherInformationRegardingOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r426,
      r430
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.,
        label: Operating Lease
 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term,
        terseLabel: Weighted-average remaining lease term as of October 31
 2020 (years)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesOtherInformationRegardingOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r11,
      r12,
      r13,
      r44
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Other Accrued Liabilities
 Current,
        terseLabel: Other accrued expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.,
        label: Other Assets
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Other assets
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r69
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.,
        label: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense),
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r244,
      r246,
      r247,
      r248,
      r249,
      r250,
      r251,
      r252,
      r253,
      r254,
      r255,
      r256,
      r257,
      r258,
      r259,
      r260,
      r261,
      r262,
      r263,
      r264,
      r265,
      r266,
      r267,
      r268,
      r269,
      r270,
      r271,
      r272,
      r273,
      r274,
      r275,
      r277,
      r278,
      r279,
      r280,
      r281,
      r282,
      r283,
      r284,
      r285,
      r286,
      r287,
      r288,
      r289,
      r290,
      r291,
      r292,
      r293,
      r294,
      r295,
      r296,
      r297,
      r298,
      r299,
      r300,
      r301,
      r302,
      r303,
      r304,
      r305,
      r306,
      r307,
      r308,
      r309,
      r310,
      r311,
      r312
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan designed to provide other postretirement benefits. Includes
 but is not limited to
 defined benefit and defined contribution plans. Excludes pension benefits.,
        label: Other Postretirement Benefits Plan [Member],
        terseLabel: 401(k) Plan
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherPostretirementBenefitPlansDefinedBenefitMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r4,
      r8,
      r199
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for other costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Other Prepaid Expense
 Current,
        terseLabel: Other prepaid expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: OtherPrepaidExpenseCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Payables and Accruals [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Payables and Accruals [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 5.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow to reacquire common stock during the period.,
        label: Payments for Repurchase of Common Stock,
        negatedTerseLabel: Repurchase of common stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow paid to third parties in connection with debt origination
 which will be amortized over the remaining maturity period of the associated long-term debt.,
        label: Payments of Debt Issuance Costs,
        negatedLabel: Payments for debt issuance costs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsOfDebtIssuanceCosts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash outflow in the form of capital distributions and dividends to common shareholders
 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.,
        label: Payments of Dividends,
        negatedLabel: Dividends paid
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsOfDividends,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.,
        label: Payments to Acquire Property
 Plant
 and Equipment,
        negatedLabel: Capital expenditures
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement awarded for meeting performance target.,
        label: Performance Shares [Member],
        terseLabel: Performance Based Awards,
        verboseLabel: Performance Shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PerformanceSharesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PlanNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r323,
      r337
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by plan name for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Plan Name [Axis],
        terseLabel: Plan Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PlanNameAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan name for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Plan Name [Domain],
        terseLabel: Plan Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PlanNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockNumberOfSharesParValueAndOtherDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Preferred Stock
 Number of Shares
 Par Value and Other Disclosures [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockNumberOfSharesParValueAndOtherDisclosuresAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer.,
        label: Preferred Stock
 Par or Stated Value Per Share,
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock
 par value (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.,
        label: Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized,
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock
 authorized shares (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.,
        label: Preferred Stock
 Shares Issued,
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock
 issued shares (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockSharesIssued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PreferredStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.,
        label: Preferred Stock
 Value
 Issued,
        terseLabel: Preferred Stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PreferredStockValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r4,
      r8,
      r198,
      r199
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Prepaid Expense
 Current,
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses,
        totalLabel: Total prepaid expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidExpenseCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Prepaid Expense
 Current [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Prepaid Expense
 Current [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidExpenseCurrentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PrepaidInsurance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5,
      r8,
      r196,
      r199
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for insurance that provides economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Prepaid Insurance,
        terseLabel: Prepaid insurance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PrepaidInsurance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSharesUnderIncentiveAndShareBasedCompensationPlans: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72,
      r338
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 6.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from issuance of shares under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes option exercised.,
        label: Proceeds
 Issuance of Shares
 Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Excluding Option Exercised,
        terseLabel: Proceeds from issuance of restricted stock under stock compensation plans
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromIssuanceOfSharesUnderIncentiveAndShareBasedCompensationPlans,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r73,
      r97
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow from contractual arrangement with the lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.,
        label: Proceeds from Lines of Credit,
        terseLabel: Borrowings from revolving line of credit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r70
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.,
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Property
 Plant
 and Equipment,
        terseLabel: Net proceeds from sale of property and equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProductAndServiceOtherMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r231
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Article or substance produced by nature
 labor or machinery and act of providing assistance
 classified as other.,
        label: Product and Service
 Other [Member],
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProductAndServiceOtherMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38,
      r204
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-lived
 physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.,
        label: Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Axis],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207,
      r507,
      r508,
      r509
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipment
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r37,
      r202
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Gross,
        totalLabel: Subtotal
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16,
      r17,
      r204,
      r463
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets,
       weight: 1.0
      },
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentDetails: {
       order: null,
       parentTag: null,
       root: true,
       weight: null
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net,
        terseLabel: Property
 plant and equipment
 net,
        totalLabel: Property
 plant and equipment
 net
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36,
      r90,
      r204,
      r507,
      r508
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16,
      r204
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PropertyPlantandEquipmentTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r16,
      r202
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Listing of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.,
        label: Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Domain],
        terseLabel: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.,
        label: Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Useful Life,
        terseLabel: Property plant and equipment
 estimated useful life
       }
      }
     },
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts: {
     auth_ref: [
      r62,
      r192
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense (reversal of expense) for expected credit loss on accounts receivable.,
        label: Accounts Receivable
 Credit Loss Expense (Reversal),
        terseLabel: Provision for losses (recoveries) on accounts receivable
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ProvisionForDoubtfulAccounts,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Quarterly Financial Information Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.,
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunaudited
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapital1: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indebtedness divided by net capital.,
        label: Ratio of Indebtedness to Net Capital,
        terseLabel: Revolving credit facility
 maximum debt to total capitalization ratio
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RatioOfIndebtednessToNetCapital1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ReceivablesTradeAndOtherAccountsReceivableAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r31,
      r90,
      r182
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the allowance for doubtful accounts for trade and other accounts receivable balances
 and when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized.,
        label: Receivables
 Trade and Other Accounts Receivable
 Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Allowance for Doubtful Accounts
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ReceivablesTradeAndOtherAccountsReceivableAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75,
      r97
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities,
       weight: -1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for payment of an obligation from a lender
 including but not limited to
 letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements.,
        label: Repayments of Lines of Credit,
        negatedLabel: Payments on revolving line of credit
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock including a provision that prohibits sale or substantive sale of an equity instrument for a specified period of time or until specified performance conditions are met.,
        label: Restricted Stock [Member],
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RestrictedStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26,
      r223,
      r346,
      r461,
      r481,
      r486
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 4.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.,
        label: Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit),
        terseLabel: Retained earnings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109,
      r110,
      r111,
      r113,
      r121,
      r123,
      r188,
      r343,
      r344,
      r345,
      r381,
      r382,
      r477,
      r479
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.,
        label: Retained Earnings [Member],
        terseLabel: Retained Earnings
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r243,
      r244,
      r246,
      r247,
      r248,
      r249,
      r250,
      r251,
      r252,
      r253,
      r254,
      r255,
      r256,
      r257,
      r258,
      r259,
      r260,
      r261,
      r262,
      r263,
      r264,
      r265,
      r266,
      r267,
      r268,
      r269,
      r270,
      r271,
      r272,
      r273,
      r274,
      r275,
      r276,
      r277,
      r278,
      r279,
      r280,
      r281,
      r282,
      r283,
      r284,
      r285,
      r286,
      r287,
      r288,
      r289,
      r290,
      r291,
      r292,
      r293,
      r294,
      r295,
      r296,
      r297,
      r298,
      r299,
      r300,
      r301,
      r302,
      r303,
      r304,
      r305,
      r306,
      r307,
      r308,
      r309,
      r310,
      r311,
      r312,
      r314,
      r315,
      r316,
      r317
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of retirement benefit plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 retirement benefit arrangement for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans
 retirement benefit arrangement for defined contribution pension and other postretirement plans
 and special and contractual termination benefits payable upon retirement.,
        label: Retirement Plan Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetirementPlanTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RetirementPlanTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r243,
      r244,
      r246,
      r247,
      r248,
      r249,
      r250,
      r251,
      r252,
      r253,
      r254,
      r255,
      r256,
      r257,
      r258,
      r259,
      r260,
      r261,
      r262,
      r263,
      r264,
      r265,
      r266,
      r267,
      r268,
      r269,
      r270,
      r271,
      r272,
      r273,
      r274,
      r275,
      r276,
      r277,
      r278,
      r279,
      r280,
      r281,
      r282,
      r283,
      r284,
      r285,
      r286,
      r287,
      r288,
      r289,
      r290,
      r291,
      r292,
      r293,
      r294,
      r295,
      r296,
      r297,
      r298,
      r299,
      r300,
      r301,
      r302,
      r303,
      r304,
      r305,
      r306,
      r307,
      r308,
      r309,
      r310,
      r311,
      r312,
      r314,
      r315,
      r316,
      r317
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of plan designed to provide participants with retirement benefits. Includes
 but is not limited to
 retirement benefit arrangement for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans
 retirement benefit arrangement for defined contribution pension and other postretirement plans
 and special and contractual termination benefits payable upon retirement.,
        label: Retirement Plan Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Retirement Plan Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RetirementPlanTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EmployeeBenefitPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158,
      r159,
      r165,
      r169,
      r170,
      r174,
      r175,
      r177,
      r229,
      r230,
      r441
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount
 including tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value-added and excise.,
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer
 Including Assessed Tax,
        verboseLabel: Revenue
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerIncludingAssessedTax,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91,
      r92
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue. Includes revenue from contract with customer and from other sources.,
        label: Revenue [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Business
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Revenues: {
     auth_ref: [
      r59,
      r94,
      r158,
      r159,
      r165,
      r169,
      r170,
      r174,
      r175,
      r177,
      r184,
      r404,
      r454
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of revenue recognized from goods sold
 services rendered
 insurance premiums
 or other activities that constitute an earning process. Includes
 but is not limited to
 investment and interest income before deduction of interest expense when recognized as a component of revenue
 and sales and trading gain (loss).,
        label: Revenues,
        terseLabel: Revenue
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Revenues,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrangement in which loan proceeds can continuously be obtained following repayments
 but the total amount borrowed cannot exceed a specified maximum amount.,
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Member],
        terseLabel: Revolving Credit Facility [Member
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsObligationsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r425,
      r430
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability.,
        label: Right-of-Use Asset Obtained in Exchange for Operating Lease Liability,
        terseLabel: Non-cash amount of right of use assets and lease liabilities recorded upon adoption (in thousands)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesOtherInformationRegardingOperatingLeasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SalesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r399
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing revenue from sale of goods and services rendered in the normal course of business.,
        label: Sales [Member],
        terseLabel: Sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SalesMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of accrued liabilities.,
        label: Schedule of Accrued Liabilities [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r334
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of cost recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement by plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 related tax benefit.,
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Cost by Plan [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Compensation Cost Related to Performance Share Agreements
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r378
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.,
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Income Tax Expense
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46,
      r96,
      r219,
      r220,
      r221,
      r222,
      r414,
      r415,
      r417,
      r456
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.,
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r370
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.,
        label: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r134
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.,
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Earnings Per Share
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r361
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.,
        label: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Differences Between Consolidated Effective Income Tax Rate and Federal Statutory Rate
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r174
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of entity-wide revenues from external customers for each product or service or each group of similar products or services if the information is not provided as part of the reportable operating segment information.,
        label: Revenue from External Customers by Products and Services [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Net Sales
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/RevenuefromContractwithCustomerTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r14,
      r32,
      r33,
      r34
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.,
        label: Schedule of Inventory
 Current [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/InventoriesTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r42,
      r96
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders
 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.,
        label: Schedule of Line of Credit Facilities [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Leverage Ratio on which Spread on Libor Borrowings and Commitment Fee for Unused Balance of Revolving Credit Agreement are Determined
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfLineOfCreditFacilitiesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r214
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of maturity and sinking fund requirement for long-term debt.,
        label: Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.,
        label: Quarterly Financial Information [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/QuarterlyFinancialDataunauditedTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r323,
      r337
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table],
        terseLabel: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.,
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit
 Activity [Table Text Block],
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock Activity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansTables
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReserve: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount (including both current and noncurrent portions) of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which no insurance coverage exists
 and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted
 typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property.,
        label: Self Insurance Reserve,
        terseLabel: Workers compensation reserve
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SelfInsuranceReserve,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReserveNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount of accrued known and estimated losses incurred as of the balance sheet date for which no insurance coverage exists
 and for which a claim has been made or is probable of being asserted
 typically arising from workmen's compensation-type of incidents and personal injury to nonemployees from accidents on the entity's property that are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).,
        label: Self Insurance Reserve
 Noncurrent,
        terseLabel: Claims payable and other liabilities
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SelfInsuranceReserveNoncurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for self-insurance reserves
 including
 but not limited to incurred but not reported reserves (IBNR).,
        label: Self Insurance Reserve [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Self-Insurance Programs
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SelfInsuranceReservePolicyTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r66
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_CostsAndExpenses,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.,
        label: Selling
 General and Administrative Expense,
        negatedLabel: Selling
 General and Administrative Expense,
        terseLabel: Selling
 general and administrative
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SeriesAPreferredStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Outstanding nonredeemable series A preferred stock or outstanding series A preferred stock. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.,
        label: Series A Preferred Stock [Member],
        terseLabel: Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock
 $100 par value: authorized 500
000 shares
 none issued
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SeriesAPreferredStockMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: safm_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsAndOperatingCapitalToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash expense for share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Noncash Expense,
        terseLabel: Amortization of share-based compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period,
        terseLabel: Stock compensation plan
 vesting period (in years)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Additional Disclosures [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Weighted Average\u00a0Grant Price
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r328
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeited in Period,
        negatedLabel: Forfeited during period (in shares),
        terseLabel: Restricted stock awards forfeited (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r332
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Forfeited during the period (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period,
        terseLabel: Granted during fiscal period (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r330
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Granted during fiscal period (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number,
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding at end of period (in shares),
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding at beginning of period (in shares),
        terseLabel: Unvested shares (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Number of Shares [Roll Forward],
        terseLabel: Number\u00a0of Shares
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r329
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share or unit weighted-average fair value of nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        periodEndLabel: Outstanding at end of period (in usd per share),
        periodStartLabel: Outstanding at beginning of period (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r331
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period,
        negatedLabel: Vested during period (in shares),
        terseLabel: Restricted stock awards vested (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r331
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period
 Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value,
        terseLabel: Vested during the period (in usd per share),
        verboseLabel: Restricted stock awards vested
 weighted average fair value (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of additional shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Additional Shares Authorized,
        terseLabel: Stock compensation plan
 additional shares that may be issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfAdditionalSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r325
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares authorized for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Shares Authorized,
        terseLabel: Stock compensation plan
 maximum shares that may be issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerShareWeightedAveragePriceOfSharesPurchased: {
     auth_ref: [
      r320,
      r337
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share weighted-average price paid for shares purchased on open market for issuance under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Per Share Weighted Average Price of Shares Purchased,
        terseLabel: Average price per share purchased by participants (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardPerShareWeightedAveragePriceOfSharesPurchased,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Shares Issued in Period,
        terseLabel: Number of shares issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r320,
      r326
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Award Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Equity Award [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansRestrictedStockActivityDetails,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90,
      r323,
      r327
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.,
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Share-Based Compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r324
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of vesting of award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Rights
 Percentage,
        terseLabel: Percentage of potential performance shares received
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingRightsPercentage,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued which are neither cancelled nor held in the treasury.,
        label: Shares
 Outstanding,
        periodEndLabel: Ending Balance (in shares),
        periodStartLabel: Beginning Balance (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ShortTermLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r422,
      r430
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesLeaseCostDetails: {
       order: 2.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of short-term lease cost
 excluding expense for lease with term of one month or less.,
        label: Short-term Lease
 Cost,
        terseLabel: Short-term lease cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ShortTermLeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesLeaseCostDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r108
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.,
        label: Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Significant Accounting Policies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of a state or local government entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity.,
        label: State and Local Jurisdiction [Member],
        terseLabel: State
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StateAndLocalJurisdictionMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesDifferencesBetweenConsolidatedEffectiveIncomeTaxRateandFederalStatutoryRateDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r21,
      r22,
      r23,
      r93,
      r94,
      r127,
      r128,
      r129,
      r132,
      r134,
      r145,
      r146,
      r147,
      r184,
      r218,
      r404
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by the different classes of stock of the entity.,
        label: Class of Stock [Axis],
        terseLabel: Class of Stock [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementClassOfStockAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49,
      r109,
      r110,
      r111,
      r113,
      r121,
      r123,
      r144,
      r188,
      r218,
      r223,
      r343,
      r344,
      r345,
      r381,
      r382,
      r406,
      r407,
      r408,
      r409,
      r410,
      r411,
      r477,
      r478,
      r479
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.,
        label: Equity Components [Axis],
        terseLabel: Equity Components [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.,
        label: Statement [Line Items],
        terseLabel: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementLineItems,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109,
      r110,
      r111,
      r144,
      r441
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income
 Statement of Cash Flows
 Statement of Financial Position
 Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income
 or other statement as needed.,
        label: Statement [Table],
        terseLabel: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StatementTable,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22,
      r23,
      r218,
      r223
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number
 after forfeiture
 of shares or units issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes shares or units issued under employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).,
        label: Shares Issued
 Shares
 Share-based Payment Arrangement
 after Forfeiture,
        terseLabel: Stock compensation plan transactions (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number
 before forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).,
        label: Shares Issued
 Shares
 Share-based Payment Arrangement
 before Forfeiture,
        verboseLabel: Number of shares issued or estimated (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensationGross,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansScheduleofCompensationCostRelatedtoPerformanceShareAgreementsDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22,
      r23,
      r223,
      r322,
      r333
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value
 after forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).,
        label: Shares Issued
 Value
 Share-based Payment Arrangement
 after Forfeiture,
        terseLabel: Stock compensation plan transactions
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22,
      r23,
      r218,
      r223
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and have not been retired and are not held in treasury. Some state laws may govern the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.,
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period
 Shares,
        negatedTerseLabel: Purchase of common stock (in shares),
        verboseLabel: Purchase of common stock (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r22,
      r23,
      r218,
      r223
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the value of stock that has been repurchased during the period and has not been retired and is not held in treasury. Some state laws may mandate the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.,
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period
 Value,
        negatedLabel: Purchase of common stock,
        verboseLabel: Purchase of common stock
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r23,
      r27,
      r28,
      r94,
      r183,
      r184,
      r404
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 7.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.,
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent,
        periodEndLabel: Ending Balance,
        periodStartLabel: Beginning Balance,
        totalLabel: Total stockholders\u2019 equity
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquity,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS,
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Stockholders\u2019 equity:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquityAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityOther: {
     auth_ref: [],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: This element represents movements included in the statement of changes in stockholders' equity which are not separately disclosed or provided for elsewhere in the taxonomy.,
        label: Stockholders' Equity
 Other,
        negatedLabel: Amortization of unearned compensation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: StockholdersEquityOther,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r412,
      r433
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.,
        label: Subsequent Event [Member],
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r412,
      r433
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.,
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r412,
      r433
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.,
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Domain],
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Supplemental Cash Flow Information [Abstract],
        terseLabel: Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information:
       }
      }
     },
     localname: SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCASHFLOWS
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_Supplies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6,
      r8,
      r197,
      r199
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of consideration paid in advance for supplies that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.,
        label: Prepaid Supplies,
        terseLabel: Parts and supplies
       }
      }
     },
     localname: Supplies,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/PrepaidexpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockAcquiredAverageCostPerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r224
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total cost of shares repurchased divided by the total number of shares repurchased.,
        label: Treasury Stock Acquired
 Average Cost Per Share,
        terseLabel: Average cost (in usd per share)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockAcquiredAverageCostPerShare,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchasesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r228
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for treasury stock
 including
 but not limited to
 average cost per share
 description of share repurchase program
 shares repurchased
 shares held for each class of treasury stock.,
        label: Treasury Stock [Text Block],
        terseLabel: Common Stock Repurchases
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TreasuryStockTextBlock,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommonStockRepurchases
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_TypeOfAdoptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112,
      r113,
      r114,
      r115,
      r185,
      r186,
      r187,
      r188,
      r189,
      r190,
      r339,
      r340,
      r341,
      r342,
      r343,
      r344,
      r345,
      r346,
      r379,
      r380,
      r381,
      r382,
      r442,
      r443,
      r444,
      r475,
      r476,
      r477,
      r478,
      r479,
      r480,
      r481,
      r482,
      r483,
      r484,
      r485,
      r486
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amendment to accounting standards.,
        label: Accounting Standards Update [Domain],
        terseLabel: Type of Adoption [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: TypeOfAdoptionMember,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r354,
      r365
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrecognized tax benefits.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits,
        terseLabel: Unrecognized tax benefits
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefits,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r363
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount accrued for interest on an underpayment of income taxes and penalties related to a tax position claimed or expected to be claimed in the tax return.,
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Income Tax Penalties and Interest Accrued,
        terseLabel: Income Tax penalties and interest
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r209
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the unrecorded obligation to transfer funds in the future for fixed or minimum amounts or quantities of goods or services at fixed or minimum prices (for example
 as in take-or-pay contracts or throughput contracts).,
        label: Unrecorded Unconditional Purchase Obligation,
        verboseLabel: Purchase obligation
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UnrecordedUnconditionalPurchaseObligationBalanceSheetAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/CommitmentsandContingenciesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_UseOfEstimates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r148,
      r149,
      r150,
      r151,
      r155,
      r156,
      r157
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.,
        label: Use of Estimates
 Policy [Policy Text Block],
        terseLabel: Use of Estimates
       }
      }
     },
     localname: UseOfEstimates,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/SignificantAccountingPoliciesPolicies
     ],
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r370
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for a specified deferred tax asset.,
        label: Valuation Allowance
 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)
 Amount,
        negatedLabel: Release from valuation allowance
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/IncomeTaxesAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100,
      r105
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Amount,
        periodEndLabel: Balance\u00a0at End of Period,
        periodStartLabel: Balance\u00a0at Beginning of Period
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r103
     ],
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves from charge to cost and expense.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Additions
 Charge to Cost and Expense,
        terseLabel: Charged (Credited) to Costs and Expenses
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104
     ],
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves
 Deduction,
        terseLabel: Deductions Describe
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100,
      r101,
      r102,
      r104,
      r105
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Domain],
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r100,
      r101,
      r102,
      r104,
      r105
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by valuation and qualifying accounts and reserves.,
        label: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves Type [Axis],
        terseLabel: SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation Allowances and Reserves Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/ValuationandQualifyingAccountsScheduleIIDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VariableLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r423,
      r430
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesLeaseCostDetails: {
       order: 3.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: debit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of variable lease cost
 excluded from lease liability
 recognized when obligation for payment is incurred for finance and operating leases.,
        label: Variable Lease
 Cost,
        terseLabel: Variable lease cost
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VariableLeaseCost,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LeasesLeaseCostDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VariableRateAxis: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of variable rate.,
        label: Variable Rate [Axis],
        terseLabel: Variable Rate [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VariableRateAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VariableRateDomain: {
     auth_ref: [],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate that fluctuates over time as a result of an underlying benchmark interest rate or index.,
        label: Variable Rate [Domain],
        terseLabel: Variable Rate [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VariableRateDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/LongTermdebtobligationsAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VestingAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by vesting schedule of award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Vesting [Axis],
        terseLabel: Vesting [Axis]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VestingAxis,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    },
    us-gaap_VestingDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r337
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Vesting schedule of award under share-based payment arrangement.,
        label: Vesting [Domain],
        terseLabel: Vesting [Domain]
       }
      }
     },
     localname: VestingDomain,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/StockCompensationPlansAdditionalInformationDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126,
      r134
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.,
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding
 Diluted,
        terseLabel: Weighted average shares outstanding \u2014 Diluted (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r124,
      r134
     ],
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.,
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding
 Basic,
        terseLabel: Weighted average shares outstanding \u2014 Basic (in shares)
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/EarningsPerShareDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    },
    us-gaap_WorkersCompensationLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r44
     ],
     calculation: {
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails: {
       order: 1.0,
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent,
       weight: 1.0
      }
     },
     crdr: credit,
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations and payables pertaining to claims incurred of a workers compensation nature. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).,
        label: Workers' Compensation Liability
 Current,
        terseLabel: Workers\u2019 compensation claims
       }
      }
     },
     localname: WorkersCompensationLiabilityCurrent,
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2020-01-31,
     presentation: [
      http://www.sandersonfarms.com/role/AccruedexpensesDetails
     ],
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
   },
   unitCount: 6
  }
 },
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 205,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721683-107760
  },
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6812-107765
  },
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(Column B)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(Column C(1))),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(Column C(2))),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(Column C)(1)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(Column D)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(Column E)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09(ColumnA)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-09),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24092-122690
  },
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122369
  },
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 23,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929471&loc=d3e21914-107793
  },
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6911-107765
  },
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 24,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929471&loc=d3e21930-107793
  },
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115929471&loc=d3e21711-107793
  },
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  },
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(3),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  },
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)(4),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  },
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22499-107794
  },
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  },
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22694-107794
  },
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22583-107794
  },
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22595-107794
  },
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6935-107765
  },
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22644-107794
  },
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22644-107794
  },
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22658-107794
  },
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 250,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109234566&loc=d3e22663-107794
  },
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1448-109256
  },
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1377-109256
  },
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 16,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1505-109256
  },
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1252-109256
  },
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1278-109256
  },
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 55,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e2626-109256
  },
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e7018-107765
  },
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 60B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=SL5780133-109256
  },
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 60B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=SL5780133-109256
  },
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 60B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=SL5780133-109256
  },
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121326447&loc=d3e1337-109256
  },
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3550-109257
  },
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6371337&loc=d3e3630-109257
  },
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109243012&loc=SL65017193-207537
  },
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120380238&loc=d3e3842-109258
  },
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 52,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120380238&loc=d3e4984-109258
  },
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
  },
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 260,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144383
  },
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116846552&loc=d3e543-108305
  },
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121640914&loc=d3e1280-108306
  },
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 270,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126967
  },
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 272,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6828210&loc=d3e70191-108054
  },
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 272,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6828210&loc=d3e70229-108054
  },
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 272,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6373374&loc=d3e70434-108055
  },
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 272,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6373374&loc=d3e70478-108055
  },
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  },
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6161-108592
  },
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6191-108592
  },
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  },
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  },
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6404-108592
  },
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6061-108592
  },
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6132-108592
  },
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 275,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6143-108592
  },
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(13)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 22,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8736-108599
  },
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 30,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8906-108599
  },
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 30,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8906-108599
  },
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 30,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8906-108599
  },
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 31,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8924-108599
  },
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(14)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 32,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e8933-108599
  },
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 40,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e9031-108599
  },
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 41,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e9038-108599
  },
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 41,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e9038-108599
  },
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 42,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 280,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120311839&loc=d3e9054-108599
  },
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121593590&loc=d3e4647-111522
  },
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121593590&loc=d3e4428-111522
  },
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(22)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121593590&loc=d3e4531-111522
  },
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121611835&loc=d3e5074-111524
  },
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121611835&loc=d3e5144-111524
  },
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 4.E),
   Topic: 310,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27010918&loc=d3e74512-122707
  },
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 323,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  },
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  },
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  },
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  },
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  },
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e)(3),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  },
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e)(4),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121646688&loc=SL121648383-210437
  },
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121599878&loc=SL82895884-210446
  },
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 326,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121599337&loc=SL82919249-210447
  },
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4492-108314
  },
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4556-108314
  },
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 330,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126998
  },
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 340,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68074540&loc=d3e5879-108316
  },
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g),
   Topic: 340,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68074540&loc=d3e5879-108316
  },
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 340,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=68074540&loc=d3e5879-108316
  },
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 340,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6387103&loc=d3e6435-108320
  },
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(26)(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 05,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226317&loc=d3e202-110218
  },
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226348&loc=d3e2443-110228
  },
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  },
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  },
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.CC),
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=27011434&loc=d3e125687-122742
  },
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 360,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2155823
  },
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 440,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559207&loc=d3e25336-109308
  },
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 440,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559207&loc=d3e25336-109308
  },
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(27)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 440,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559207&loc=d3e25336-109308
  },
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 440,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  },
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14326-108349
  },
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 450,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136
  },
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=d3e1835-112601
  },
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6802200&loc=SL6230698-112601
  },
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(3),
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120520924&loc=SL6031897-161870
  },
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 470,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208564
  },
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21463-112644
  },
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21475-112644
  },
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(28)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21506-112644
  },
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21521-112644
  },
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109259400&loc=d3e21538-112644
  },
  r223: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04),
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120397183&loc=d3e187085-122770
  },
  r224: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405813&loc=d3e23239-112655
  },
  r225: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23285-112656
  },
  r226: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23309-112656
  },
  r227: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656
  },
  r228: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 505,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2208821
  },
  r229: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130543-203045
  },
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r230: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121604090&loc=SL49130545-203045
  },
  r231: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r232: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r233: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r234: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r235: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r236: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r237: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 91,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121551570&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  },
  r238: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (i)(1),
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=113356391&loc=SL49131195-203048
  },
  r239: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 606,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=113356391&loc=SL49131195-203048
  },
  r24: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r240: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 25,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 710,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6409733&loc=d3e19396-108361
  },
  r241: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 30,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 710,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6409875&loc=d3e20015-108363
  },
  r242: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 710,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127225
  },
  r243: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 15,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 712,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410066&loc=d3e79218-111664
  },
  r244: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 15,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 712,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6410066&loc=d3e79218-111664
  },
  r245: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 712,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2197446
  },
  r246: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237824&loc=d3e1703-114919
  },
  r247: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r248: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r249: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(10),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r25: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r250: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r251: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r252: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(4),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r253: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(5),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r254: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(6),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r255: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(7),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r256: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(8),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r257: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(9),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r258: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r259: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r26: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r260: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r261: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r262: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(4),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r263: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(5),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r264: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(6),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r265: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(7),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r266: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(8),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r267: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r268: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(i),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r269: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(ii),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r27: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r270: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(01),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r271: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(02),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r272: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(02)(A),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r273: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(02)(B),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r274: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(02)(C),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r275: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(03),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r276: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r277: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r278: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r279: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r28: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r280: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r281: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(2),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r282: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r283: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(4),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r284: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(5),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r285: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(6),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r286: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (h)(7),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r287: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (i),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r288: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (j),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r289: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (k)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r29: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r290: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (k)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r291: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (k)(4),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r292: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (n),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r293: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (q),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e1928-114920
  },
  r294: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2410-114920
  },
  r295: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r296: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r297: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(2),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r298: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r299: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(4),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r3: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r30: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(4),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r300: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(5),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r301: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(6),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r302: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a)(7),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r303: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2709-114920
  },
  r304: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118255775&loc=d3e2919-114920
  },
  r305: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118257860&loc=d3e4179-114921
  },
  r306: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 18,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118257860&loc=d3e4587-114921
  },
  r307: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 70,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=49170846&loc=d3e28014-114942
  },
  r308: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 35,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=29639808&loc=d3e29008-114946
  },
  r309: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450702-114947
  },
  r31: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(4)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r310: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450702-114947
  },
  r311: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450702-114947
  },
  r312: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 11,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450702-114947
  },
  r313: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450657-114947
  },
  r314: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450673-114947
  },
  r315: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450673-114947
  },
  r316: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450673-114947
  },
  r317: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450691-114947
  },
  r318: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 80,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35742348&loc=SL14450788-114948
  },
  r319: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 715,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2235017
  },
  r32: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r320: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r321: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r322: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r323: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5047-113901
  },
  r324: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r325: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)(3),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r326: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a)
(g),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r327: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b)
(f),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r328: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r329: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(i)-(ii),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r33: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r330: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r331: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r332: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(3),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r333: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r334: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r335: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)(i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r336: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (i),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r337: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  },
  r338: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=SL79508275-113901
  },
  r339: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r34: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(c)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r340: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r341: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r342: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r343: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r344: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(1),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r345: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r346: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  },
  r347: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.F),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115993241&loc=d3e301413-122809
  },
  r348: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109244661&loc=d3e17540-113929
  },
  r349: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 35,
   SubTopic: 740,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120384911&loc=d3e23163-113944
  },
  r35: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r350: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 718,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2228938
  },
  r351: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 720,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6419918&loc=d3e35281-107843
  },
  r352: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 35,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 720,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  },
  r353: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 35,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 720,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  },
  r354: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120406818&loc=SL37586934-109318
  },
  r355: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120406818&loc=d3e32059-109318
  },
  r356: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120406818&loc=d3e32247-109318
  },
  r357: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120406818&loc=d3e32280-109318
  },
  r358: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120406818&loc=d3e31917-109318
  },
  r359: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120406818&loc=d3e31931-109318
  },
  r36: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r360: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 10,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32672-109319
  },
  r361: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32687-109319
  },
  r362: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32705-109319
  },
  r363: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  },
  r364: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32718-109319
  },
  r365: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=SL6600010-109319
  },
  r366: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32809-109319
  },
  r367: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 19,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32840-109319
  },
  r368: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r369: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r37: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r370: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32537-109319
  },
  r371: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32847-109319
  },
  r372: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 21,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32857-109319
  },
  r373: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32559-109319
  },
  r374: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32621-109319
  },
  r375: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32632-109319
  },
  r376: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r377: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r378: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 9,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84230637&loc=d3e32639-109319
  },
  r379: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740
  },
  r38: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.14),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r380: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 740
  },
  r381: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d)(2),
   Topic: 740
  },
  r382: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d)(3),
   Topic: 740
  },
  r383: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I.5.Q1),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r384: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r385: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.7),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r386: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.1),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r387: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.2),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r388: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.4),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330036-122817
  },
  r389: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 11.C),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116825942&loc=d3e330215-122817
  },
  r39: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r390: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120385591&loc=d3e38679-109324
  },
  r391: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 270,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424409&loc=d3e44925-109338
  },
  r392: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424122&loc=d3e41874-109331
  },
  r393: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Topic: 740,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144680
  },
  r394: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116870748&loc=SL6758485-165988
  },
  r395: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116870748&loc=SL6758485-165988
  },
  r396: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=d3e5614-111684
  },
  r397: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (bb),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559654&loc=d3e5710-111685
  },
  r398: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 810,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121559654&loc=d3e5710-111685
  },
  r399: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 815,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121590274&loc=SL5624177-113959
  },
  r4: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r40: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r400: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 60,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 820,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7493716&loc=d3e21868-110260
  },
  r401: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121572278&loc=d3e13279-108611
  },
  r402: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121572278&loc=d3e13531-108611
  },
  r403: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 21,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121572278&loc=d3e13537-108611
  },
  r404: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 825,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75031198&loc=d3e14064-108612
  },
  r405: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 230,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=98513438&loc=d3e33268-110906
  },
  r406: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32136-110900
  },
  r407: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r408: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r409: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r41: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a)
20
24),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r410: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 20,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  },
  r411: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32583-110901
  },
  r412: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 830,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32618-110901
  },
  r413: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391
  },
  r414: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119993939&loc=d3e28541-108399
  },
  r415: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119993939&loc=d3e28551-108399
  },
  r416: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119993939&loc=d3e28555-108399
  },
  r417: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 8,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 30,
   Topic: 835,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775985&loc=d3e28878-108400
  },
  r418: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121603541&loc=SL77918627-209977
  },
  r419: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121603541&loc=SL77918627-209977
  },
  r42: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r420: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121603541&loc=SL77918643-209977
  },
  r421: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r422: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r423: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r424: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(1),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r425: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r426: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(3),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r427: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (g)(4),
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r428: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918686-209980
  },
  r429: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121609121&loc=SL77918701-209980
  },
  r43: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19
20),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r430: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 53,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121568110&loc=SL77918982-209971
  },
  r431: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Publisher: FASB,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Topic: 842,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=77888251
  },
  r432: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 850,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39599-107864
  },
  r433: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 855,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662
  },
  r434: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c)(1),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r435: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c)(2),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r436: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c)(3),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  },
  r437: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(1),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  },
  r438: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(2),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  },
  r439: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b)(3),
   Topic: 860,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  },
  r44: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r440: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 910,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=119991564&loc=SL119991595-234733
  },
  r441: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 11.L),
   Topic: 924,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6472922&loc=d3e499488-122856
  },
  r442: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 926,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154821&loc=SL120154904-197079
  },
  r443: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 926,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154821&loc=SL120154904-197079
  },
  r444: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 20,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 926,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154821&loc=SL120154904-197079
  },
  r445: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r446: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(15)(2)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r447: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(16)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r448: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r449: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.10),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r45: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.21),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r450: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.17),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  },
  r451: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r452: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(27)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r453: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04.9),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  },
  r454: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 235,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-05(b)(2)),
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399901&loc=d3e537907-122884
  },
  r455: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 405,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6957935&loc=d3e64057-112817
  },
  r456: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 470,
   Topic: 942,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=75038535&loc=d3e64711-112823
  },
  r457: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(15)(b)(2)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r458: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(16)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r459: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r46: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r460: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r461: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r462: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r463: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(8)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r464: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r465: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 210,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.5(c)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  },
  r466: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r467: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(23)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r468: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 220,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(9)),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  },
  r469: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884468&loc=SL65671331-158438
  },
  r47: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.24),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r470: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121643868&loc=SL117782755-158439
  },
  r471: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121639165&loc=SL117783719-158441
  },
  r472: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121639165&loc=SL117783719-158441
  },
  r473: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13H,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121639165&loc=SL117783719-158441
  },
  r474: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 29F,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 55,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121639165&loc=SL117819544-158441
  },
  r475: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r476: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r477: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r478: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (f)(1),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r479: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (f)(2),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r48: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.25),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r480: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (g)(1),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r481: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(i),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r482: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(ii),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r483: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(iii),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r484: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(iv),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r485: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (h)(1),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r486: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 65,
   SubTopic: 40,
   Subparagraph: (h)(2),
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121370832&loc=SL117420844-207641
  },
  r487: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 825,
   Topic: 944,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380617&loc=SL75241803-196195
  },
  r488: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12B(Column B)(Footnote 1)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401592&loc=d3e611197-123010
  },
  r489: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12B(Column B)(Footnote 6)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401592&loc=d3e611197-123010
  },
  r49: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-31),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r490: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12B(Column B)(Footnote 7)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401592&loc=d3e611197-123010
  },
  r491: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12B(Column C)(Footnote 1)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401592&loc=d3e611197-123010
  },
  r492: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12B(Column C)(Footnote 6)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401592&loc=d3e611197-123010
  },
  r493: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12B(Column C)(Footnote 7)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401592&loc=d3e611197-123010
  },
  r494: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12B(Column D)(Footnote 1)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401592&loc=d3e611197-123010
  },
  r495: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12B(Column D)(Footnote 6)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401592&loc=d3e611197-123010
  },
  r496: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-12B(Column D)(Footnote 7)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401592&loc=d3e611197-123010
  },
  r497: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-13D(Column B)(Footnote 2)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401592&loc=SL120429264-123010
  },
  r498: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5D,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-13D(Column C)(Footnote 2)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401592&loc=SL120429264-123010
  },
  r499: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-15(Column A)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401592&loc=d3e611379-123010
  },
  r5: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g)(1),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r50: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.3(a)(4)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r500: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-15(Column B)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401592&loc=d3e611379-123010
  },
  r501: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-15(Column C)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401592&loc=d3e611379-123010
  },
  r502: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 320,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-15(Column D)),
   Topic: 946,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401592&loc=d3e611379-123010
  },
  r503: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c)(a),
   Topic: 948,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6490092&loc=d3e47080-110998
  },
  r504: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 948,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6490092&loc=d3e47304-110998
  },
  r505: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 310,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-29(Footnote 4)),
   Topic: 948,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402547&loc=d3e617274-123014
  },
  r506: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 740,
   Topic: 954,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491622&loc=d3e9504-115650
  },
  r507: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 958,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120429125&loc=d3e99779-112916
  },
  r508: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 6,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Topic: 958,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120429125&loc=d3e99893-112916
  },
  r509: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 7,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Topic: 958,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120429125&loc=SL120174063-112916
  },
  r51: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r510: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column B)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r511: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column C)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r512: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column D)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r513: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column E)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r514: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column F)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r515: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column G)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r516: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column H)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r517: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column I)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r518: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 360,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 2)),
   Topic: 970,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  },
  r519: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b
  },
  r52: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(b)),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r520: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b-23
  },
  r521: {
   Name: Exchange Act,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: d1-1
  },
  r522: {
   Name: Form 10-K,
   Number: 249,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 310
  },
  r523: {
   Name: Form 20-F,
   Number: 249,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 220,
   Subsection: f
  },
  r524: {
   Name: Form 40-F,
   Number: 249,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 240,
   Subsection: f
  },
  r525: {
   Name: Forms 10-K
 10-Q
 20-F,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 13,
   Subsection: a-1
  },
  r526: {
   Name: Regulation 12B,
   Number: 240,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: b-2
  },
  r527: {
   Name: Regulation S-T,
   Number: 232,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 405
  },
  r528: {
   Footnote: 2,
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 28
  },
  r529: {
   Footnote: 4,
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 29
  },
  r53: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.8),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r530: {
   Name: Regulation S-X (SX),
   Number: 210,
   Publisher: SEC,
   Section: 12,
   Subsection: 09
  },
  r54: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.9),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  },
  r55: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1A,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669619-108580
  },
  r56: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1B,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121641772&loc=SL7669625-108580
  },
  r57: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116657188&loc=SL116659661-227067
  },
  r58: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (210.5-03(11)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r59: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(1)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r6: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (g)(7),
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r60: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(20)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r61: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(25)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r62: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(5)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r63: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r64: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1
2),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r65: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r66: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.4),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r67: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.7(b)),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r68: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.7),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r69: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.9),
   Topic: 220,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395209&loc=SL114868664-224227
  },
  r7: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6676-107765
  },
  r70: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 12,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3179-108585
  },
  r71: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 13,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (c),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3213-108585
  },
  r72: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3255-108585
  },
  r73: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 14,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3255-108585
  },
  r74: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3291-108585
  },
  r75: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3291-108585
  },
  r76: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 15,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3291-108585
  },
  r77: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 17,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (d),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3367-108585
  },
  r78: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 24,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3521-108585
  },
  r79: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3536-108585
  },
  r8: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6787-107765
  },
  r80: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 25,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3536-108585
  },
  r81: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (a),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3602-108585
  },
  r82: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (b),
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3602-108585
  },
  r83: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 28,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3602-108585
  },
  r84: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121586364&loc=d3e3044-108585
  },
  r85: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=d3e4273-108586
  },
  r86: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 2,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=d3e4297-108586
  },
  r87: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=d3e4304-108586
  },
  r88: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=d3e4313-108586
  },
  r89: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 5,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 230,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121583591&loc=d3e4332-108586
  },
  r9: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 45,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 210,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121566466&loc=d3e6801-107765
  },
  r90: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 3,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18780-107790
  },
  r91: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (e),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  },
  r92: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 4,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: 50,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (f),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84158767&loc=d3e18823-107790
  },
  r93: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(d)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r94: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(g)(1)(ii)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r95: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)),
   Topic: 235,
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  },
  r96: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification,
   Paragraph: 1,
   Publisher: FASB,
   Section: S99,
   SubTopic: 10,
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08.(e)

#(P
3 S
2YH

MD@SXU[^159(0%]O8#4@EU..Q)5565E9&Q!.7C(S\\_^=][JM+Z$HL[S_CQ6\




O8U[TS !F#SK!O(U(


OVD3&GDQNB*6W5

4S^J+XZ9E
;@Y0OCQEM&=E]EM
M4P6=XF?_N_-FWQV'GFEG_7)@^BY




M^OGG@[T0_[&2^4@HY5Q;X3&+UFI!O1*8

M/5\'S/()M[:ZYFBEE?G4)7U_83?R+V_(WI=#NC/T)YM?/K[6)[LG'WN=WL[%








@9.E!?





HCF8


SZJ-0U&G)!9+

'H3

P#7





MR(F(D=8YX0E#@AN+=')JF .CF)C8: (E

47S3=MR;S



MK*2

:'1L6A V7-EL252!P P1!:/
MH+.QLV=7(Q)#




GC' V-


Q[3&X+VE@I4KH$
MQBS K$7FF(Z*4Z8BV9A2#,#*_,^R22H10\




I*


M2WGZBB'N@Q8-T)Z-)OI
%!G&'&FJ'
'6

$JJ 9JB 'M9^?GEQ4MP

 W\&R6T3N'C3W.H



T*1(PQ';U*!?JV4

M+C%WT3B7H!7HCEERK+ @O5..Q4QE]@[X4A#O/[OK/:.+NUGYXOH^V(B3'8
M
9\YT

IVU[7\C


M =SR2S3=

5



MA@U-JV9-V&3X VH\;K=M\9]7F$M8@[;;F30#9F 6\Q(\*E:&!:-5
+L
SY



M

MK!L-L#
EYVS %G2E$($AQL#Q2
/$XT&! FDR

M[E%*:)1



8#!W?.*\0)%*A_PAI[7%
MEEG$C9)
.V&B\




:1M$@I+:1KPG&9]8'=X4LH



I81




I&A^%SI_=-;
MX+1XWGDU]XN
 -H2W8AYSAH
M1H73!N&@P=JA

ZZ8-(-OE

MS#M=9U+=P4N'@)3I.%C'L =Z.AY-4J&
R!;H#[O2M=JA;EONGO@:?6'852W
M8WMO?Q%QF#.K==@CFK!@)!6

M2U



R\PAZQ8(
%
M(EN.: J4

R88

M&= ^Y9JF\%G@3)F/)=$!^_2*C&)Y/%XX%?%?/W,%/ZF=.\%$.S,#8+?'^3N
M\T-NP[Q'AB0NANA!^#RHW)39HZPUTJ:,;ZD$HH_'D,TEQSU*AR-:.Z&E%(0

]/&



ME'D:!5?
$NGX')^V.D?DN+_36!B5/OAT6*0(\%D;94'=D+1EPGE*Y_B\K_DA
%O<;<1)A_QGB4#3#%DVMVD VZ83=N]WWV)?/#R4[\



M0K5-A]):^\0T02-)*$W@P4NL C'






!:M


2%H*28-%Q.IA0G.*Q*C

!7

)HA-.IYH^-7 HLFQ#J;'[HL9&@Q[63C#/#O'#
M(&19L)@1X00UUHQ.SEPTSIFW
$

$@+CR57S-O@#5M(
MSI%+SKD'CYLXI23' 7.PO#%543&&//-X=&[)ATH]70Y9S;'4R$/.LEX%U@Z
MEQT\.80(BH*@Y$/NI&9=(O+

ML  F[H/P 
6@)X2.UGB2EJ^U




M:JM%XYS9^%:6$1R0%DP'%B+2) @-WKAQAD;060N).0L0%IX]YJ#($#8!])/1






M@[-(ATBQL4VJ.#FO=)M]P%)::KCCROI P7 V8$1KH4$TH]$R.CG_1]#/*VT?

M'@?CJ\'[[



.[!
MY@7
_R4WS
MK]


M









7%MC2 GL,^R@@.%G24TVW@J#

V9EK*;ZK10CK/MK8;N3/#PXW^^%HZQ
FFV0





G%F




&.G
MXM_?*CA

AL&CZKIL61Z6=?J^^_/X0\SW1&
MMO?V6Z.3N(KJ_:_*7ZN3K_W^=R-K63_U^9S6QL]









M.






-BVG0C@OW%#VZD$2#LX



M8U.M'IM+MR^YU#M)HI-MP8QK



$$B+YENMT)*D[#I0VC
M!M#QW]RZV_)PM7]4-3TM@@M5S!F35E5VHFS]!OVEO;'ET!VWRN
\[189[XP=

^5-9*]N'KW([V#I]GWK-S+UMC8$(



MU=1M0CD;RL'5/=63G
AK\%_8S,?00O!'V;_D4+H*[O
M4Y_U:&^TFSUGSJZ8UK:+Q?K09X.\6 ?5F*8?R+#5-4=/_N_[F[\Q79./I]U

FJ-9LN






R_5
%NQLL&\3OA^;3D=\?4YY3D4:5V@.V?EAD'


'IU6_/KP;GF*UG_)RLJ7Z)N^RTPW
M16M2V=G4.!V@[DWAR[00^27SM^\G:F'ZF_G]]FC]+!.#%VD9^SMI/Z-DS]&Z




HBK
B
MMBQ#&B)@6M[WX\-H_SVLC@9YWOK/$9!N5:FS\+QA/ZMA=%CZE:NX2GP0T7@9
M-1$


M_K*KIY[VASV?#T:7;^+J
MV\JDV.KF9@#., PU5#T\)8#]NK.Q\_534(P0PM.QM$ZV6:RK9#1;:JH%(9+

:T_
Z!-O
KOG7EPL3@54$=$+OAH')TDBQ]F^U'
M(E56TF




MP%MN3Z5HO[S8&ROQ WC0RRZPR5

M7;T:3(



M\9H



M$84CE)L@
6

KXGN/)I)^:H]V13?P=E(-KGIGIF+

NM[!R/#X!;9G^GJ_NV84Z0Y

M\N(O =

 YM0K+_:R\G-KR[A!7BPA9V&HBOD3Q)R72\R9


JW&A:LFME2*)P_+
AM5



RW?%)LH!\@E$7C)9V0Q/84ZV\
MV
B*4-7C66W=LH


M'8X5^N72N5DL C])_'GHZCW+#2&/S


78






MY

M?:V3*]: #J$U+
/HM()R_


MD-M0C
XHPZLM@@A:!0[+W'%BUG17U3Q5:JY_'=QD_#%7KS404-X6P#3]@9E4
M/MRHY2A.[P:=+=2

MG_5OHQT #
N7G_LYJM4$WQ8IUU]MO_^CTQ?XBQ



[^W7F]V

M-0A']=VG^; [*Z2O91,PZ3B7&W'@G%S!%[S


M3K[98??SZ



;:@+V4B&077N$E16CKJ

M&:U_K=P'N/
+.
O)C:@Z+H?)Z










M:



:!!0GL T]JJ$K4 AU/)







MBTVCM9^&.JLWEEZN+K=
+\3



[4[8.'
M\=8
T_+AG:9NHL++



KEQS%A$NP.NN?E:M=DZ*B@ZZ=7N</UC67E<MXCP





[!6!Y[(75&S#9:Z*P

MGU
FCD\+9POA4H)%DR)Y
25I]2[?O1R]_-0+UREU@






?OHYZ:W#5_ZR!KP]32([O+W::V1U




M

G


G5EYWIN-Y?5X:$V4T1%/5KKV\MHQ'DW/N3#[C
MLB!
=L9

0]YF15E3:L=5^AIKXV0HY.C4836N2-\W.IX_[)8T.A7KMW]LF@R
M2)

M[3'X&VD$4JPQB2J6$S_A/0Z@1GJB2!;
!5XM4_A^HQ#HNI\^IHU9%E5:IP6I




9;
M&L-&WQ+R-7QT0T9W;_X[MY[\.I/\6)1Y,F(;+HFK=(XCV^#6M/='9T8W7]
MP
%5-]+( P9N]_7J[H'@=EEU_IF9\Z:LZI9!'-&2/SM=6_(ON 3[JT8?-AO/


U5-
_K
M1CT9/SD93-$O9XF5JSA_8-'.V]&?#]NZ&<S0/=FH&^C/P0R]AAG*!;&I&45_
M-T4Y3Q\,XG,P0@<C],%LU&$?M'E_9\TK^HB?ZC1T


!\E1N35*-H
M6::T
[30H/T:5O59+5E^)H699''M)-%=%FT2_3*=-FI745T;5K0)-&TYT6

$W(=G]AUQ)MX;;IL



MF(_GZ22MW=9C5%&]6N)BQYNZ&Q](\HP46)\TB\BFE=^R/52K9\Q[^:.9R@7E
M+_I0:L]C(8UT9)


MZ\ ;Q7CJ#+8A*3IZ7%Q&*Q.7(N:5J87_-IJ8K+AT%L6RF61I!0.3=78PC[]5
M.-H+G







M.BX*+D$8B9S(M^&1\PR




59


I\ Y)BG7.\BQF'HE?W7B/U$
:6

MVGYSU':

)OJQF'[@'
5'*XN0\PET


MU#ID@ ?$CV?LD5XL








\.C.5KM=!4W7=7L).NWDBA5NB$PN.6:\R?^[J8&[:IV1:M


MPH^!A:/O+N*/Z0+H9WK=+*WM/
+GLP:


IWI$;T*@CX



PHU!-
$ C\G
)DQL:6XG--BGJ<BL[2%
MD,;^G(PO8.DH'%QK=,FE],8DBB-&V&9XO<QDDJ$ZS+V=@:33J5F2SI.02'AW
M6;-K6G@5^L

MXO!*O#+

]?<&W-.(G'L
ML^\E+E^)V%

MJF5A](.T;


(R0?-;V6#(^Q[J<S%L,+DT1[1?[G!U%SA-
MK^DV6:'*+R=]HFLN5SOG-;!CV (N-ZO9'KL@DTC 3D'GB_-!





'-(
1H;


M3JP;


MEA5@$O0P8W[O3%^U7D4U_A/.2##!!P%C8[Y:#(5NKZYD..



S M#



89XH*C%WH3ORLLAS-I[B
MX?HGHE?&W 7

VTK.F




ZD
'Q9Y]5]2GN#
M


M




&#9!ZZ908\7+



M1SPM1O2U#+=1+G9L%--3[V&6E-1?5F$GPKBF0E.DZ*!OA-6 R$V=8YS'Y=


M1M.[4O_LE(6^ HDTNV)\8Y9F5J9S==):Z(N6[4SK
56J(AD&EVY]2OWR!$8M

M#T.7O( Y2QO&5FQ:;ZQ+% F1)Y!GDF8)







A]@:94EE]?L7O+=I*JFX%



M1BW91







GUL4A$@A6
U$7ENJRM

OM
M%#%G%,-G/^^__AT]D-TBFX5@D'+X(!-J9VX=W'2-L]1R?SJ@LVJB5D5:E18

MH=PY0;MEZBP%\.#85MOUT
P&!@'.

M!XD'#DR*
&FJ;_84!*2P!&T1.5+[ 
V[ISK)8@F%85R!.'XGXE(!$YY\3'V3

*!7+Y7X^P!A6(?XIZDJAHEIZC 8E#E@X+Q%
MY)Z9TK&MX+LB=2^0=*&=F#0KOB^ FRGW0 O:.

;$D7ZYTC^ AX9R%3GK\\LMX1:
M?'5K[&F+OZ4SBZ/'X^=_M9GZIW\=,3DL'(\+;G5LN5A<%*HUF]QHAW1XLSR\
M[M-/Q\_TZ4?TKQL_76. (4G/VC1.]$6'X]-/O*A_:]SKVBPPSCI6FUU@UD45
MG%;PQX/*B0\^-%GF^?RB2S9N%$RWR<E0%\.^<V(8=RHW(W[.K']6IY'0\/TF
M,V<NP,X[@6$WLA%NP0-9#K=H'==?[S7NYN6^CV0C*LA#^GRD
=#'G('QO*5


9BR


M8!_75J1/3F$97SJ#1?%#:Z7KKCHMK!S87(&!6$_Q07B=VZD_3Z_D7GE%
9U(


MO8O:M/.C[^+: CS=W!5?*SZU^V
OE??(!S

=/**4@@K

MX*W]+.=T[9JLOU76Y^\-J
$4KN)$UA
(\:VUY5Z$RR]/]!2=JCKDSZU4G[4)





M%95%EBP%!T73Z&ZSZSGL$%)!2RII



P_$8C 6.?XD0R




FFZ6.QSDM

=DL+EU3[$#7E]S=*EX@


M)5#)QW4
*
++M&-6[9MES0L.%Q5R53#%GGV6]HY@#!?9J'3!^?Y':%'!/Z7)


MN^

O]
MDTM$ZD@JE](E\::K](M\2I?WFK\)EC+T8(JEW@]\670 ;FC;U;0XA5$)YJ

]'[\BPB=Z\&9$'8A;1
MTU%05.!LHQ]I)$U5V=K)

M_C%E1DJ8LJ_^W5A'Y0WREKQ&WSSZ\=6;1]\&/:WN2-D@&GW!PCHK*F[_*/HG

OH\;._VA
G[*$^[
)QM
MBH6'T9V1[\I_H!BY*82:)SIQ1



MO?_

M/V
E72EQ8S%/HKU&T$6]JAQ1CEHG?'E'U:KB)G12)2GGQ5^
TSCWU]R4??VJ





;?0X1UI6??SP*MD$PX):
MTG4

M^N;#M_(X'XC!;.2:X



MZ$7!720EO4@_75F#C$
F3M4++'669B$RZOVKEV/-NKI#I9D_9:09M=:6_C@U
M3%



M#B5D1Z




=5

%U#'2
84ZM$*E;*


XY)








S3GJ!_7SZ/LYHJ.0L[%M%&X:EM(;8835&U]0MRA^QI!ZMP
*S*)
RN@<)OR733*[X

ME=I%V8Y8M+UNXS:T)LX\U)\3T3&C.$.P9C_43XNX+P2U%7I0(0Q1MRUL'J\\
M$?8%.
3?-]B 6?K!]!HNGEB83<-%ZGM6!V22

M[1K;H^%Y:BP+XJL63@#U8WPOEE:[67J70JI;4B&ZF6UI^J
5E#JJ$G$'_N

1B:+@ZS5E*Y:
MCC:H*7


X^C:6;
'N
[9
XLK1DG=O%+B3


MW5M$8W VUN&$0QURTOR%W0$2[29WZHJCX.SBI
Y:A9+PCMW
7G:A5X^!A@+4

MF
=DZ1OBJ3*):=D*NH(+KT=HY_9A\$863Y:VD-U=MU_KQ+ME._ZW@5D%)2+G
H
MP0WN@S<=;2:!8XTO-8@.L=%FY.)FH&\[*N0<CQD S]+ ([@I$M(Q*ZUN[PM#
MDUY/%%TLD6 T7N=LV/-./V8?@ETF6T.(<&+_G9T@1&B)7JMM(H$ZEGWFM

+C9X;8F&


 1']N.(




FTQ4BY& PTAYM8LL$61
I

MHLW'?W ^F+PS)G/SWUN 
EB_MNO\8;#B5#V296^N&$^(U*!FFCS
PYC!FG


J.ZD]T%[=J4H#5/




AUY=/


M)5?;C[WJ&;T#S_&I/HFL67C9%&5V):4,C,76%-5-DHJ($X40=L*#2[8@$W0
MK\^Y)F.M&.OSYB8/]3D%C:P&##)!GR$Z^B]'B8E4!
M8&X5HG3!)=64QB7D
M-%=95O84M0HS.WK




M\!(EU



MU9\9R6'-%=DMI\OED/3)0NN/?(F-2MEFTX%A:KF@^&!O^CA
'5VUIZY8D/2T



RQ0]3.R1=:&%B5D5
MCEM3'
A S7



XI[YRM'8.R!H*[:I;V

M:J\B?:MF[8.%:(\P6$1V!J


P2P:Z+3$%X;B)IC72EBDC+??<BOMAC*



J;R'*^H#':(D)JZA*8M!







I%!MRS&JW/JG
'/.ID-2]3Z)7:]

52VAE!8H9=WH4
X3+X@_KY
D:_^-)=V=^VT5LUBZWH\WXN['&@)

M\\K(@10N/3J'W:%+@2\IF8TZ%MP^J747L#-?FLG*]MNR1Y2_:@]?S[S]F^W

M@6GE!EKC_
O1XY/@]D2LK&_^P:-_
1_3:2%WZM/GU_OMRW/2S6)MM*EMM[H'

UAZ
M/33MEK)%340.W2R^5*F U





&T
MU.-I^!W-MGA^#ID5RV\OB=5B:MN ?B6+EAK'X=-V[1IGEKF(BY3OTU!02AW
M.V(#=Q2VDV:SY2(N [H$
&LLQ;;O0)M$W
M%O(JQ(2<XP%H@'/YI)/R6M2&VA-L2+#V2L#JG.8@S9Y[-26?CFD94'105
U
M$@/LYPH)S9@=
VOK/M\:X,,-&N ;T/6-$WI'F








M_IGU8PS^L#1KH+I55!3J]2XX/





*YCHID4*RYF!S-VX:EF9
65
M4*['$*0%HORQP3/LJ82XYG=ZKW\L0C/;64H9D GHUMLFIMN[26C9HC!+]L




(9




CRO6B3 30SEK%
6NV@8%S:TRXD[10\Z?.+IV%XXW0ML^P;'6\]<&WK#=
M774?K;VL-#H0L,^?O1E'?T\OC'S]DT/M&9GTWO2P%N-(H;7E<$<7.**8MV=
M]L(*P). ODQK%NX[JG3J8U4Y1&5IZ_@?OK:=


M\LK'%9% [VAQ(4FEE&
EC5CZI665RZ<?)[N.5):1$6BL:L9MAKW@N,Z%*95X)O;<BETCLK81Z],
M0)\K83\UR6"U1E-G&.WAR_ND(=JS$,XVIQ!WE7)%:%PJB58M-:)AI1!5[1
MBJ
$A

M;NZ]B#\H5RP2@5H3;.L5^O=%R:X121S(^#P*Y/F  MF!L=P)&=^N5EV@%-[U






MVMQ4.*]P(.TE]);O.M&T+&#DI=M@[J9C@ =]
&89Q3@V$CW+C:3@W'M1@AAK

M5ZP=_ZR#E&B=0G_D^.US=
Y M

Z(M*'8

M'3TY;5
3\=6L 
0BRZ3W100*WIA;@ 2
BUTXCO$+R=J[

MFGZ['5G3?
PO*2E:^I_E
AU%OYN/



MRX ^Z_(;


MAEKVC\SK[ .'O$=^.YPUF)MYK#U:Q#PVW++H.WVP5MU[XQ$74



%JN:/#:'%6KO(GN3@[O+-%CCO]7#/![:/\#63P

SBUZY\;R5\;Q@T7U'9@.;!\%7W[H#?=5:WO\
M7HKU4X[TNZ^=:K?'04/^IF.C?O@6PMTX-0 YD1&]@*G74%0?L[*I*_Y\0GC
MZ28K!B\Y2B!8)'Z-M






MS0




3^+K2C2&53KWV
M_U:T







FC.'SBRLOD


-2WQ[^JR;-L\AD





M-


MGF'!73:ZC8H8P1 'INB= XD


T.TEU;]= 3FES[G&Z[SZHG=?,8;=J9WRUK8WD.4?K
MS5@7PKK46FLL=5*D[A*/:<=*8-)D\P-M[H(EC4.^+DV+''0H8^;T'1)E@!U

0X.7!G&#GYH(U%P!C(D:V)BT4&E-#Z9IH=

3
M$G)8EEKG



M_4J@W:2^15%!+27#S4174G3DV$:D(7V\T@83K!B[H5S;3G36XANX+KUWX8C5
MPX!P+[7W6585W$]IF2I :8D6
[;Y@V*8+!.$758F8;EZ;2V=.:\Q=*SO(P5N

V-@T60 ''S#YFAK+EI7

P=KGKQ;*4N-R.$-:G.ZXCA8_
M-#3W!L\-SSPSW?,]6T6O@D5AN=#TMU3!)@/-M+\5UBX9L44YX$IE/L6%






M1
@(9;VUN94R^<M
Y_'FEFG\-
!

MPR]45(IRL4H &O;H=*=P=@]=G
M:(422O5Q*-]Y%*7PJ0U^1AUO9F1&CCURJZF0*[_U0BW=.&U%4(O$K4@06I*

MEVZQ

J*J
M

M)0BGM

Q1%+9'&(4



M93!3%G=.L; =/.[VD.?$[LIUJD;/**BQWAW3;GNZKY(GB9
% B0 5//=/*7%

TES_\J\FG82=WOI:Z)-@R;#&X6L-7Z)5OZJE8

M3Z/3Z;OO

MR#NKECL*7\Y1&R&% 7)E&FE)WHK%'$VXB67?&6C3)P?BVFH)%:O^T^FBVA

OV/X M(^&/P;\X7I7$=(RK\57Q62A^5?J780.
0$ .QPCZ((4V-:]S7&L#^<EFF%P@42P;9)H-*8=WG

JZ63H(^VYR/Y;;6\MWHZ#@Z0#\:TL[2[9K3DIPD



T=%(
L.]47\^


MO$\]Y7!S6(6L;9!C$FE=R(G0.7^MJWG\*&JW*^FLOYU'YT)6


M#WYP
1CH[8*Z[A0*/\JT%42:-F5I<T&:]R@ R;TS FI9 D&SH)0.FSEZ;D$J:3F
M998B\X?$8M)PT&/CLK

MI-



B5H]+YGKOF(.:-E#05#X)

^,W#HE,A=;<OI*C(?M32_9 =!TG! 0)$YR'\:]NV



X@+

YZ=G_9*#A]V9(!._1%F\;T\J8)

I=BQZ3\
M;4T7UEP$K.6



QN0JXAJ;Y]=^

M+GG2E0D1)QRV48C)S))!6&HS^O, ;21E@3;H(Z-XG.]-PV.^3B^B\2=/YH
M


PCB+?V(&8+8IN:% %[
0U\6V0RJ)7? 8K^!%CW'(

3[&F!1HA5






F


QF5!
M/_M
6=FW
S




A%;8*L'V'8

P4A*@[X&

AXSM/R'@SF;TC
M:/?1J5)5]O-3 F[:PSA9FIGAKDV/?G9TO(\8I?VU6$U'CVP[[2I HM-3H6-!


3(9*=R+]^+A#[UWBQ#1K]BKF*Q;4[LWWT7V?SZTSI$!-Z=']F
M+\K[7B[ IV\T7@%WD?W'I/Q.UZ
4V^4]N3
W7IM['S+][\)$K\=DVS&S%SI'


?FKJN
WZ
M_




/WS^;!S]4BH2


%*L?3DJ)1GM2!B26


M/FTUP2:)
1S?0 $&*E$6)E+U-R.38*.[S_LM/;&05FX]&^B[
M:D!O0M\Z%.W8^T,I3.^F,5<J*Q^V<-IQEN.;/DAKZD][8+Y+#4A-CKNJT/]


MC0M@)&:!W\+XU ONPOE&[6

M4!%98'#2O*)FSKD7E##Y12Y3$[ ]$HCEG4NO+G"!;\T7(W6AISH60
I


$%&PHX#[&F-L<)L4#;!P^J2JI+= *G0'?21)5G
M3R3-7X]XI!6H;R'7VM:,^[+S:6;F\!_;G(\F\N75M#(:H*8(4I'O#T2XR\ G
M_9B40O-E5Q+^3HU!F5BMSF.1N/26MCVFH4WH&(N+O@3UC@IA_9F1)R  .U0D
M?G*,<'W'KA/HY^RF.XLP28=ZFQV2;&.I9Y8I-PG/#HKK;#
)S*UHS-LM;NC
M^Z^RZK1Z_:


5B,+N
M?9R=?;UY.6S^LL5R?HCSGT,@(RK'QTX'7:=H08[L17*693Z1!LYW=E6DHW_



M=T]^0G QW




M@.KW1ECYV0#JT $UZ'1LM]MI '7H@.JZ[AT*!AKWS_9W_&L4SDY3&2^LB1RG
MMA7()+&\+(YEB



A F3G3KP-RC4H]WU<;O2(NES]8&']:K717A=.LHP2&L+Y.I:!
MP+&&Q=0\G.IE_$J-*6D7/Q'C),):S;4_69FV\?# X)&TQ=07N@OSO_-8[V8I
M9O)T'$OQ]51,8;.O17 M;I*3G\IC_WPU+S ZMG7GG ZW=L)&3O '(QX5NKK



M7?J)G;W^1-'G<<@=G^G'CS,51
M.^91^53Y3YUS_5/S\#0\/-FX962]8YH2C11LA=DIX_#6B))LL62!X0#E\Y2
M:YJE&3PMK_B'\'K\L3$5_4I)B-A/OB8X'MX#!4_X(9VC ((6(/G(:D]DL$GX
M-*



MQ

ME*RU%@#M(@IE*F*&W!1T'H#7

D-!ORHC$BC2S-1%D9#'X(7+9**9?L'X=
MX&QZ0\$6GH=[2NC=_A7;&KS;::Z= 6.3LUC] I0Y

[!PT1N)%(WZ1[P-O.D=18!8HP0#B
6HC

+0LU
M'9)W9+Z%OKG!RF+)W%]J_FBJ5)XZ&$MSO :6C[6
5FU9+YI_#KB
5 E[!#R#
MNPR/AOEU#QK5$&]L$VE
'1]KAHV71C59T,P*Z 4NE9)EE15G6)15YW5J
[

IML@))(C3$)-T9;2  #


49@/4 )]
_&M_4
X4Z[J%4M]]#8K-?T.=Q^




7#7A
M 0:TE'^T,+XPTSDB3OD8)/X#0O\]5^7!'V,JH32K#D_X/EQ^&X6G.X:1N%
M88;@R3
=WG[\X^+=J3
10M(;.%[VFO%$)#?A?CL1882MVN9B10FIVMS!W\
MF
&WY'^1






M0DH T50[$91^=BUX];)[F 1L*K[C821%8T#S9YA^]ER@@P@BMDDN+[#HEQ


M31(+S7ZW_8:RM:YD8M._G3?Z\SQSJ_H%:L6K3W];HB^_^G$R1P92_33*4CQ\
M_C'2A_H*$W8\?XGO-;_544651
:125+ ;U1LL1KQ1*V=$$(GT!*.H2)/.8GP
M-!8[I_YT











MRM2/@:4D(F 9!WM=$1DVVS(&SNG*7&]B1Q'H?I++G&](*!_(@:+F9:L*@

0!K@JV^.
 [*&C%PY

M%@!^.3[-_D)YX(@3 

]!NGS01^8_V ]&%2L
M]Y:ES-\-(FBY#?IT^A&G]3J79H]_BN*@XGUBQ0!JL?C=JGHIEJ'C
6.8]F

W$


(^$GHR#T(7[XA6T4@%V^E/SB$IT(K2





M38D;DA-C90&4/'&*GE(X6Q8K\54D
Q$;)E&'N1GE%CKL?V4GPB)*]1%98/$I


O=1[R7$41AQG1\0L
MRY$&R?;'7 HHL9=M +EI+1ZJY'9@J \7XID:QLB[QAAI/OJR+\(TS@R5R7



/9/)#:!;1(4@.4ZH







$29


ML)4)F
X 6&55]
MHDC
'=PU-B+V80:40+S!] BLTU=UD1(3\B3ZOK4%DA=2R(6?

M6V?$:J_6E02N%N[J25A&8RCY;D8#*[#M*VJ) 7/Z18.E7YHHY9R


+7CUXRHT-@L$W!['

MDZU-QHZ/8J:UP&[:U:0@?99HF8+)AKX%BIBK-Z^/7*P+DI@U;89/6
D\(XZQ


MDCU
4=X\(XIA2F7

/I$
M)ADC%]HF](984MHO_K318_:% V#(%86DNC!&C\\0A3I#P2R4_-H5;!0;%
Y@
M0TO .%2_1PW^ N0[N2]8%)W5

MELQ@D(!ZZQA[2-ECK%^C*ESQAVIN*?7_23 PA1$Y


RU!IWWG5R& =R)67EUL85-^0()A3;
MST,/@ 9O(^RYDI2KHG%J3)#W+P5;&6N1&LCMCQ%IHJPQ(9
$6A$@)S1:1:B
MK02&2%;E02#NS$NLS8M4H9IJE

DUL!A\@A

I




MS.)VE 1E3'//RSMTLR8
F^466E'8PQV\0W8.8D]G:FK6 ':/@
VER82ZZ&#/
MB

M*VRJ
Q^
EL_4]IJ-EW/=D/J+]#*J1S[S4NL5_N[D[=GG\R_X[Y
?&WUXWY9
MWHH0-=88'2JA41A?HX(0IR]*G:J^VS4%3]0KDZK


[^H[&J!0]C:B-70!652'^ELO<'D$L354FIXGWQ)
_D

8PP5-164VN%]_\#

+AH+ ]53MVV*,P,^J#CUI/ <M<M:O2^TN:/
M4Z_A6J;R&I
CL/UK$6/2;^$40?(1*KM]Q3_



M++.$V 6F]ED)H)H
3\$*_/  UGI083MU4Y^D7&$V/$O#'6?F&$J9--:3%M





N5
M68REC!C4RF*\)^IX930=(8?*IH$*AZFC?=1ME-V!.8\B#Q91@IP








M;U'/7M 9A

#
60=K=8GV7*

MMYGJJ?S/:)R07J/4'63!N6!RV\X M5 2HLH$!KTOIL9W8QRMA3Q.?,TF5J

1-I

OK(HNV\&#F@E:+/TI04D5EADC$F*-!!MV
M6UU-0G8QCR3O-V@0-7(K:$/Y3H$T:LKT;)$3BJUN&*!C8@X03W%E!;B]V/@





MO?$56:(MUAOHWH88F"NO)CZ:SAE,Z'G+(3.A?U15QC6@J2%,Y)GNZFVKO0
M,5 IY,&A$R.YDN,2[ZI2D*,9IL*(X89*6+ 



TK-CZ3:A)=_0K






@U9(TVQ!
-AV+H! %0USG9K*SJ#(%]8=BY#V'
M&+X4VDF+^V702BIDP;!(BJDRZG



M8])8Y*P/6ZK&*;&R$-'EFF9!3-
B:D\01A&45E&E9?V&3)[ZP

MEW= BNOB)O8%JG

M/!:S#8LG]4PST(!!G]3=92CS46T2


MW2P* XV

_9%R0

HE8
IC59#WM
V




/ 

M&F;D0



M&ZTB_[

%T_



MS7]8



Q#TSOWNU3HNL=H1![F=$4PMV0SZ1HAE #G$ES:B.


R?=LI##D8D5+OZ
T


S6$RGQ7*
!.S40)96Q';;^:C92LU4[BDH*I79D8PL@T(-
MI%XIZ%_W%-=P#%B

T$6'^7]I!B.




5;)4D1]I
M?9+1A]#BVG@.FXIXRI[QE08]B8) Q UJ[(_@L893M8?*!P!Q=GDB LS
Y+1L

M=MO&]Z55


M$Q2Z^-5M/'
MJW/=ZAR.58E2PT)0L=@/JW.Z@Z*OPRZL;LT^.VM8W6Y7?H3:


M3+EMURII8


ME$;Z+WB%:T]Q*+M^=8'PBC)8 TMBY3=/+E

M8'_D4P_C/
M$OM9_O



V2/F/!D97(=5M\A?;$$XHQ9(IVJ3GB?E=+KIX'6.8V6#^^F
MH4/_G(\LOU#M06ZJZ'';66_7S\BE5OJFBAQMZU%5FTOZ\4=KV:+\YOG)E(Z


T**#AYL\;EX&;]X?]IX'+#3=O*&#W@W=MI_M$U)F&F3]O









HPV%I50K=IL'[G8
KVQ]@C[N\IQ$

J]0&9
M*@^]QK'55#PJC@V[=MM]T***9X]CC[_\/6YQ8Y[)+G+M\ R8YLD'-0@/;\/-

.JA+C42^H:P\[?;OGW+'MQD
J'_=H+#ZV0?X


0E*_=;FO0H]M]8+9!U_4Q'[Z1Y(79= &%SQTO(H%'PL1/4FPK


M_PW!@9^WK




MSP&*P@.X6M



HT9CF2P!=#)G

)R9C=&'\3![
7:Q[+



MP)O&(HY]'
N
Y/O9&X[ER* 0E;5)
94H*$)RT.&=5&JUGL&&4KL@*7&H[^67#0OH]J[]8



MOWIE*WS_W=._$5?P'2[3] J@MU

]UR3B5;) 5@$+
]L:$?2(G:DX5*[N2-D.5_ ^B/OR4R&8*@'2B\!


 6=



D[F_M+Z%


M;:!TV% 2=I]1,OT.6C5/\?15VYDLO3!!TASTVI=NWA:%?+NE'7'M[T&;F[


M0R];THOCV$[WCHE/#;TT]/+
Z.55S^Z



MRKV



.-
MN

M]NG_\G44









M)W9$FHSF 2O_D3'XEF9(PC&70*(^&V^IP$%T\

#/@;*7@?#8
3#:]0$K4VZPU:G-&7PA=-R!S3UD6SO515DS9H<ALC5RUZG


M\


#7.JCXLZXD)[D_D]DB
M


MPBK9$N!%


M

'5DX^*SQO3@/
M?YT D'1@!2!H]7I-#43 A'BP+'UG--I$'E?DV(R-^$*JSV '6TDYZHIN(F!



MQHZG?@QRYL\

=K'+1X44HV5D0M


M7N_\%H YHY?EQ

MM&(088@'^XT



M]TR^9WA71NVDV*%5I
:3GTJ_E;@?08G[3N7!;7@YW+!




33_0=629+_/A^<.HH(/X.U=-X

MX+P_6#:X?



M#5?5:+3QCS9@:FBP$7X-]=VG\&NB$\V3CQF=.+P--T\VX:F=6.^O




M*


-0+
MZMI]9VW^[V'3#N]F_)QC\;B8QODSQ#-NL.VW7G8GCOW@F9//UUA7:[
1'4
MXR^_;Q]6XZ72LAPNY; &)#RZ &_;[O#XO =/G[.NRV$^)C_)

J&T/VXV_H?$W'%K0ML&Q



4YUA$M2(0=]*XD%
M^'8=6N

8*(D^D/#;R
M2]JR/HDL  A^B.)T;KT5


;:R(68@9G@8L6UM2/
M);XXP#._E^
8CGI#P&Q9OX= Z73EL)






9UC50+KS

ML$ &L T 'L :Z=XR^*TG 'O@I2WKG @/O\#3TOE
3ER[I6L Y82)=P5^SJAM




MRQ5;@M\O@&T JS%^A(RV_+LZYEUFU6(2+6D; +LSS\


MS;?@^Q.U/&GW862!.$%5!V^C(DA2/#2L52/+[)73HLH:@F!!S@BP\F$9C]0J

MB-1D4


:P[ ZJ4

MP^GR'%+B0F!)R
53ZZ.71FA'=AR;56?B=-0:#U9%S@27'OA_$31HY99U$2H&
M T@R1RPQ34V9I&14)LQXM%\(5T
30FW*1Z;KA\9$*((T .2K9
B#XJ-MQS!W

M

M !=P!W,$TN&B@K7!

M#^DE]./:KH9*/-[-&CUG1%:XIO02VOC/

MA[7!O?-.)E[LD[&W16^-#4=F=G(XAP:]? MAL
.9MP@W/[7K&3[CZ[E0)NQ/


[H

[C NG)Z]WOY#*66/UK:-S6J;6@

=''LH3MHE+S#!E+/'K;O. B^ =+#L7&W_XA&[9/7
MQK\(3/)

M&$K=T:Z^KD8'WR7WME33DXA 8%W:
U.VNSW;:=]QNGJCR#T8E%S;'390.G H





M?SD]
8M%B#@#2W^ *Z'?.WHZWE@BAG%S[\J0@7M_7;]EU=0!PS&G64R^P GU
M+QWS4+O[F#I!8R?HE6_-5V(-6](Z61EZ$IAQ_V3S9!:


VH-]#*K\\Y65F&U2TX

*TMRYQIZ&-'^/QW3:&33




-!L)K+OC]5/Y1





%?
M.[Y^144#30
#WR5D7P4?
L7=U.*U5(PVIER0';/:F/(&[.6A8\H;Q/AW*^T$



 8 V8ZCB&G74


MIB.WTP[ ;










&'V7;%92R8I
LU+?JT]&GU +N/+*W&F= 3I9! A
M$3Y#Y=O$Z^7I


_0-\D\F0L]ZGG@H&5
Q!&

9@CG(VHY
;E.H\N5;Q??7W3 O=


M^0;J\F#9&Y@' SMHZ#U+PV J1Z\Z@/:_PS[0. ELI^L$;G$J (YRVV?]?E84
MXNE


NN=36H97$V@-U49)1\POQ'?
6@Q@&TEEAYI06R

KE*R




(8-8O#XJ'HKL0/L_KQ4O_2\S)_FES/0H.##
M[/(R&X[& Y-3JK42;;Z#2F$2P!H/E;7%):).2G;E(BOR9-&(R0989*5CAP(N
M \O.93.JB0\-I%Y793*0VJ\V#3+R7*MY&@D0T545WA=M!8-^2I\:O#NA?C
M06UA?'SJ\-?UH]^2LZK6UE6 Z-4

2I?[S;)K+L$V


O9L]C%J@

MO

KU%.G/R/RA-4+\?1_@6M96&
&!NFJ29SNCY:


MP33WTV@X6'!$TZSVV]7D#'^10VDO[^


4 
]UG7BN1-GGB/D
M/H#UI-D%)M__*QK^_M;



&VW2Z\X&Y#1#=H&.@SOR45


M-\A46=X-KVV?O/\GUV0
:@D4;C)S?%]/METPS?:%V8YAT/7HLL[D5H]J;ZF]

M+^FQ+^EN

MET21E/SVEC;[EIZ=QZ6]IC8


4V]
?C]0$CWP
MX=RP'/R4DUC@B^



M!PX&O%4-P
I'G5?%2-2^')UGXC5J/#B] H@5QX0@IJ@YIMN=+S@FQ(Q6-=.N
+












3:+F=3$@O;@UO
!B(BY(*:.+Q

MP!/@6EHX*R3O:O:*\_I&LCD/KV3TW+!B-3RQ-OU;3_%%7)D%[IO)KIA#ZY@I
MCEI6% @__T:*S:D)?+-W&&Y[][##8)$='F9ZU*C9#4[W*\V=J25M:[OS9ZE3
M(WLIW8;HT:Y-35]



M9MJU&=%9S7








M!SBR/;@Q!??)6+4V.H&?1SIH?FVB[2#V@8_D61\]3\






K(+
M_C([
;;


L


_.$.W#Z+KN5
6'@&1A#R@X





M
@&-6D!9H.LGF4D\&:I7L96\S!M1TKLGSP#1\08QSFCL$_-7DU@!$- 954I-
MTPCRQA4+0.OGOFW@[X9C+H;CJT33TUN
[3O/2FQ3R?


M'0RPV^ML(&:NK[)XLE[]E#

M#MX=GBQ4








R

M+):UL=@-V











Y,F:HY..I.;FBN?5I%Y,3LUL_2C*O*HA9(FHF$Z(547)/T
M5WC@L90'O:.3




MDNY:&QVMFJDP!!RCN
S*?C;A%)5P7;RY5@BG;ZAWK6U[%$[C')5 _073J&M8
MZM]*MROC3X96(DRH


[HF0R@;-)+M2SUENC?1
M3-(PG6.*)@K=14  C 1S;($BI=):YB-?!8
J:5N%22:#)



M_^D(/_ @E6J@*'WJ)7T5_*QU'
G;+*M\?X756VO_AKB#JV6]POV@7(&Y81%59JGV1^%*0_2496GO]1]X@!91
M'E)XW\V+


IVI\VGPINA''$YUURXE:


SRD DZH3

@;FR.

M^%DGDJ
K[ 93 D1!2I5\U:'9'6:?(@2?N499N5VZ
;_T3MP-@I-\=!K4*7
M$

V_&Y4TCA




VU#M0-V8N@P G)Q6KH0






8E/&'FC'!5B6Y-JPR
-KII;N

M='[O]*+*0;&:_#!-5IZ
B#BNN1GNA%JW'W@#;WXR^+F.D]^)J)XD](PWT3@+



MS_1PX6;KWVK:]^0\G-K\UK*
6+GB
\QTK%)Y5 1X(#GH/'+8KT-] L#-E)__
M6\#$C 
.E698@.^P,]0!L%TB=YABWQ,+_JXSCJI7&]#=_[=-A?5(8\EL#061O'6!E




I=;&P^:*I;7
M:KPP=L3)-!47Y06W?!T[?N2X]X2G*K$J56.^JMQ_
YO45/)42Q3:Z
2$^[G&


G8*4(




TIQ.@:



E2M_'V17 QP)

Q ZKT;D


1?MY1)5T


 O^E.H@9;'M2A^Y8;_%?
S9
MBHA^X?7D9*B&N)BDI$JYX8-&7!
X5%RT]


]KLF&6
M)]D]3@O5N<Z.<-/;6,V.'=7\[\MT#7D^]U;K,? $VL(L=JD+=O5;Z,+-&?0


M/]\




0

20
MT3G8^489#1
:@_8



MPIXT7UJ/9O%+#C/!\_-)EK1?7
6Q'(W
$.E6D5^)-UW7M L_X;X?^SX1(#D(





OV'KK=3UJ
M;Q#AWJ(\%'6ZL%EY
ZT_U)





WR^A/_O&&Q^'




MX_XR0?!GDB5DG
D2OTZ_3=RN1?')+(]8$(TXB3D<4*2.!:N97FN$V&;)*OK!YN4MMXFA&RD
M(C&O4*REW[72[W5%OY9+76%)EX34Y83YOB1!&(0$[HI;B6^%#K4VL4;LV3LG

MYW\VG/?!\D=:5KL4JVTDH+K#K$*E_A^%! 64(^$7+C$L+8CED@HLA%[VZ






MKMC X44D-SV



&+%=G!WE))1PQ[&(
MXSE6;+'8#EW0(0*[&[*5RQO:IE7/9\//R .G$I[K;M4V%W1CZD@*9G_=LOJ[
ML/JJ*!76_N:&?FS3Q
)&&5B4ZCHDB%E
O



ZCV)O#KKZ9):V8]CSHO8'\'2UU+XZM=?:AH72=WQF$X\G%

MASC5)20^AWN


RNTFFV0==?Z9YZ@AM$2[UJ(MZYE\%A8-).Q#G.CHM)%
2
MN!8/8TY%Z

:B]C'BH.N

M^B*LFL?+16T-FY63

R]T*5QZ)(XD!1TLI(2-).'5MU^4^
M$'/8=C=_C

?A-K7F_?\KFT&0D%Z2*0P
2AIY'(F[S*+ LYF$3
MPSF8^.SMQ5FM :5J#=AVA'OZ]:@?AT5H0=WSW:[T'KGLVM9X4#H5Z8]B8?-]


MC=H

#=T/KZ_\ZMN/_/@'\)



_R

M_(B$

#F4G6WI3

MDQ93%\/46A



M



/


I






EEDJP1.?CD@Y(;9_K









8;1
AK2D5Z
M CK%)SGBJHI(\N$ MMXVPGY
K:*XC7?F





^^


MAOL_@
Y7F_JX


MY=*GC+G LZ@K?
:%Z\9AP3]YEM;Q9?.AU5;BS-)HJ'DW\$ A1.^X;TK?IUO
M_=[$'$;.M0G 387+$ER;V#1Z O

OWZ0#M2?UI1E^
MCXKTMBU-?L;=8M8W'V^KCR8$E_[
#;=MVY[[L;5-YWYVT[*4;GN.?Z=E;_[




\5AD4_EM3SGW
MJ$7)G0
G.4_Z;S[)'W(PEH!AF^+


.+T1?=2W^%6-5
M_*^O%Y_2TY.OWX^^_'U]^NO/_J0S[_3B].?1R?L4WW-HGV)5_:_#7]^O#GX=


M?.I%'G4\Q88PX;N&&QHV=!*;.A7R89 $,3$90$EL
)\P-*PH #HG(KB:@=

M0OGH*/DKRX3*WY'#'VDL\^.L)UKQMH1X.SRN&?O

M$QY3

!X0<-CU-HJ 7TZPX%CVX(]G


MM%2_
M77P@T\IA;SL1V[&Q)&'48X2RP2.8#4GL_=0
JMMY[?#6=0_4I]A%O2






M/,.A%2VUKE&Q;ZGU/JFU4N8=Z<J(,DF*
)5PG\9'./\-B1$K0$5RU;E*;
MS99:-\^7WU+K/5)K38$/& ^3&$SOB/DX&(J'A%/0Y\'^YC85-N-1LO66;E+X


M)[@Z[79G+1MX$6S@


R-YL2V-

::\#?C./I3WU/


X(A\2.\.R AW[H^%MOZ;:]KAR<)V3'M-QG

1_IL
MLTWJL=QRGY;[+


[V

ME
7?2_0NV;R




M98^/TA_RCZM4C
X+0J]]R]R+57V%1WF&;KZY7]D4 +E6$Q;U_\7M*M;@)5YL




M)$




MG)OC*;\N/.7[UL$%K/OEX.JT_S4]A;4/3\YA_;]_'OYUZA[TOWY77NS^/]\K

]_^[J*YSG<&_GU^E%[_O!E[_9 :SW]:]/%X<G[]

MZ^H;%]RR FS$&$F7




%B_PHCFG+A3:

IC)
:&PG-!#



//L
M#6)$+Z?M434]J4

MD;0#8OEVY$@62L=FZYJWT9+NYI)N.RSGB9!N93C%(DIHB#T1. Y^]Z@--I/G
M$M_V_2V!;4#L8&D^Z!Y/;52?-]@@^_H8'B X]!E+L\/^^(LA'.J]_::M%G

O(9M[1'L $GCO\)5)8PSK\Z_#\Z.3LUX']V3W]

Y


M@K0IPSY1










GW;_M=D#3Y3*'\H%.$W&








MTE\I_ 7%=ZP%+ W5/&.&;4
4=SK?Z?Q%
MG8\.--M1@X6TG%IB/-4A<I4(QC
^T[G-T#GEV%&(6*444MD-6@Z-Y8@;80I
MY74

5V)1Y?&ZL34B:D3T]
5TS7
M


Z_'7NZ__[^MKN@?OV?OH\=ZKUVSW
B5
M[13WUBE.[]&#[Q3W)HH+7GRCN,(DPI/7R AM$8\Q<X,)BPQ-GB67-,=^LQ2W
MFW)RO_R'3S#ZN+8[(S-QZTB2=(IQX93544K.J1*1):WC]X0T.O[#C4&Y-SE&
MV: <!N/1X20](8A[E@&N


M Y:$LN@3Y\D:AX5VQ%%EHG .T^]0XHYX:P



MX



M=N\U'[]97(@W:C]^-NP):[/MA- 4O94 49Y;3HU+@GNGF(T!T$H5 H6;)MD[
M+L0;H=
?[10Z
0D[DP)2TDC$J;6 3B0@S2AF7EO

M)Z7U3@FA58Q6!\_AH-!&$IP#:#T5K?:?TF:'TKX


MU-33@+\G2M&1'6X



M-RC:(6B'H!VWOEH7+!KI'2$L(CH3IQSTW2E G)?;(=@FX@K9BE]%YK3S


0
MWFAPPC\HL]5\Z&BRI
LZC
A-HOV$;((G_
D.3^W9=.N_5R4'
FJO^OD%NW19




ME?SRE]N7O:*LY
JJ


_M=#\ND=\
L'U;IC _MLZP'[\




M/OV0(HU.$8I


MQI54@4OJA-K:%JQ/38=$'1(]%B3B*E+%8 

M2'=(]%!(1!9(Y()QR6..O


,0E)\@X9IE



MU7X4^'36\B(






/*


G


I\Z/3)VOX_G?



JHE/P^U'PEI\A.$VVHL3:#@R1IDC 4%%U$H

^Q@]U%9*6[QNUZMDQM\E[;


DR3HMOVLM7SH7% P#;8P'

M#O3;$(5
)660H-2A)YHAE

MA

_C(X5BAR
:H$0\F(*
80!/'D;JD

4A08R<.*


ZS

MU
27. Y=T')CM7KC?89.C6^JQFV?@23%+-8.29LBXCY*Y+26B$KL/8])LERT


SZ%X[7;Y9M@%T62F7F

$XA8\


A


M X660R29XIX'AGAP%/%$P5*0))9NNX3(K%BVR%]3BZFJ#84%&J/J+F19K?S
MHO*W'8#IKG$[UWA;JRZ=&CE]'L]UMLXR[IK/(-\=AU5K(IPPV VGW03CC8D






AP9\C0SI98GKQCIEH
M.*

9CE[


M:C5;

MSN
51!_?6L=9EYW90$V^U_+








M]'6%SC0&1QD8%D@DGV=+
(M
XA91044@DNM@]28&KKKH\V-V$CMEOD5E7KJ)






M^%D



M8[#@I&#LC97!$![MUK;AM-/LIZO9#\4LWBG]/2K]2GV3HHQXB2S6&H[QJ)#Q




NS%4
N_-YAV\VP;96#/DADV
(]D?*S@I&EAB/N.0



M
.'18


T!I7Z^!
MA\VS%IY\+J?X2$=V=!CS_-CB+=E1J'Z(_YD//H



X$/

6) %S+_/I&]#FYR'W4]1
\&5V.3@KGJ

TY3K(@SA/JD
T[?D(RAP^G;
J2BX;<5


*10G]X_P
M--^3H N%+6O1_O?10FE.[&%$;A+M)V03W.Q/=GAJSZ9;_[WR3







E?X_G$
E[:DT&NVXA?3N(H#&9S
MP%78=)E%J P.@&WGX4%G.;M^ENN?NE#'

@'4K=%4J=M9CVK
4Y/DNYH'GJ LW%009)SY*43.CHR-8VP7VZ
M9OY*!U


X?;':YO.L.]?8Y9UK^7:+




MFR^[?_W!WG_\XW3WZW#P]_'[+WOT_=GN*_CYKU^'8#$
P=H8QO_SY]G??X43



M]H)SE92NOH/5.S8NFJ0MPZ 4G CGB N.6RNLC$8'M7698LB[U(MRQ9^R)3WP

XU@VLZW7B

MW_;__0]-*?[Y966_E]_(S_\L)_\ /GQZ-!X.S]#X= 3?.6V9 B]Z.\-A&:/1
MP-$@G_NU'];365*@]J6BZVN)TC^SGV7(RC7AP.P#0M3Y/GN[5UYD416GNE


M/++&S0L: 50D@



XLX
A'$']Y88;

GO\_\\$D'^'#

+

V3Z+




$%O;RKRX./WR''R 


)G L
M5DUT\#;S6HXK0_ 2@^DO



&^*+Y3?O;IA46 _6*+003V
M?4:77BZR-NJ\M&/!]FT ^%^!DLN^S_P^':9PYA-HIV5J\/?B[\'.)_N!7-
M7'T?F(3Y3L?G3&\;QB=-.&/G[;ML67&$3;_7^





8$V8&1W
MHE;HE;M\4=+T\3_SO'NNVJANG&

MII2(M%O;%+^XK$OT1QT$*35G3AA.8'.HH)P']\!(A@7L&_CK=WB0W1ZYDSWR
MZ73O]$
TN3R%8X1CM(BK(ZCH QQGJRB2G*24JZ#?7%9L?Y:OZ_&MG-9N
J


M WKOC

MN



[*%GM=


M
L;]W1B/W=Z[8N\=TIS3DI(R;0GRPH-K$AD'0]+C7$6OP)14W!

M B%K3


4Y_&;OUY4]

M^W
P_?1[G.0_V
-(%CL

621PM]RKH




M.!SI1*!'P4G!P=_WH+]CPBAUCJ.&&T.%9KY'R#DZ





MDZMU\]1U\@5

&;S)

8

JZ4J-TT5[M_5#7$Z'21D\$U\2 !\K [K&8
M



M?+0EJ4NO43[YLKARP][.=& 7=?6[@Q# V'IMI[/F1N.7W%O0RFO57Y536]-U
M&^06FJ8I6&S:.


_52EAH::(7C#$ #JS7)+-^S P0.B;XGY44.P[8Y#A-@5(X&X+#5ET5



W#Y
%SP[+@X'\7.L&@U+$USQUNNX*PB'RIN?XFRT=Q



I)

ME1@QBP% 



;(@

W2_-A\ZX*9)_95BK8^O7=!T\C55PJA)56



'$SX]K!ID
J9/8MI
S.=2IK7JE[9*?]L+M@MWK


(


W




M](U+$%FQ%0$GJO!7#0SM--:K[]BT6ABAU




MEN\X1@
^
)RCL[/?AWF.\2CD1.-)UH N9K-[ -Z!$3IA'%' F1P6BP!Z 
J@
M12XYR7T87IZ/V0B?)Y9J3Y+6/'$'XF&!
Y9Y */0^'S



HP*CA#
M8-Z!
&T$./5
(*8-Q]I@*VG8VF;F@CKIH9LU;KY8)B]L6F[\7ZMAF%'4(




M;:=4;5 9ZXR#+4-46K@2FQB?MR S0*3+L+5/TJ]1#NND(E9U/'\UG5P@9H

&T_PVO*
6'PR5TRLC/YL


YK.)_D
^[.J=WSV)MV7O8_O
M/W!-@DZ2(R5






W5+KMD
E)






G4I8;V+*Z64T3;X] W7_)\/BRA8[[)?Z^
M,PIORC@F$'.N*'S.W%!O/G 1P!UC'&EN#.*:^28<HCJ//_6!$<4NU HD%1*



M:;DRF6:1Y5^I'!A

W:)6WUF5=8









_=I.
MGX#_GUMCJM#R)-HP6)5J%D[5^V7KE&*SL&TMRT1DL\RB525+2D]9'B.8V;/K
M3;%
9BQ/DV[N]W7:QF37-K8!]W*/;6-7MH&=
[YI
 )KGO/
E!L*IKM
UC&&

M 0NY?4F$E2K_=DML&\9;L=@&T9N(14WC5:@=%R
%%@';YC19G![5J5)J\Q=1
MU)6SH.I :7WC

M

J(.^=
MQ52SWR?C$?SH8RN:\NQCZ'MG0]&&Y^PUC%)!%WQB(KN46
<#](PRNO*FK %(OCP\JI2]O )4R6<1R-M[;
M'*W

H;G%7G:!Z_4OJK8USMJZN#)ZO\Q
59+-1SXX3R(=KV
MM\JMK;CIDZI OO)&P+TH;ZEGIN73



ZN9BK%!%_OOY(%W$%?+):ANV

OQY4HIG

&CJH9I0@UWWCGHVQ5(TBX5^T?LK]N)P08U2
0SG6JWJ$_W:1+-UT*^=
MM

*KKD?
SG%%2Q+YMWU^_J-^0O

4666ZD!37U:6]:8VYYYC ()6#1V)KY


M]E5=ILML5

33/X6O/0VY-05ZM


QLL


._!-







R&







+R
K]YP4+
M(
6TYRG&)#V02-E(^-$2P4RG2&+,%65:IZ&N82L$K*6%+)HLC1I8ZFF'?I

MO=#


X]+9

M2&+




)NLXXDDSJTD

!62

MI!7B@@7D8O (W$D9-/;

RF
XX%$
MIY



M50/M&AQ4A/V9)[


1'5AQ8*@C1RU%T1D&=AVW2L:U=SGM

M





<.YY8,#[B7(0!GVA*E=C??O3A^86'4X_#I8FS/=S


M4Y^HMLAZ1U#4TF)8+JU49I?6N(K)HW.?EJ]DJ@2@5PI +FF08.4X59PS[XPW



M
RL
#PP[98W3FBE%2^-@@5@S2Q'E+:-@QR4D4G*Y#P]'!AOXIU%

M8+1J1

A$^O?K@P9/03;X)/T0J*6+B4YBQRG#
M5DM-HG!8ZB2ETJ5ML$HF:5Y84P2H5U#I.B*SA%+AD*'HF%=?/4*@U^)%5

%LFA7W]@0-X WL 0ZV -L M0#_*T
%-:..%



T7L47WL\



M1.I_:[S3^






M;!'W22+M T8D**\PT8R%M/:.5)G 547%$M43E 5 JV-(E(K\#(I\Q: 0.E#I






MXJ


2)

KW



@LDX1_I23'HE_CB)QX/







HV Y



.:QQ=YBP!Y6E60^/77E2P.7V&8;QS5;

CYBP!N&
+1_4K(0W5W=B@/GRLE<QL;*KU;+D.A6)(Q\&R-%N3]:;^_
M1(4UJX$^?\V8#0JHG54);((IZ)2TR
 4FI+9),*ML83*H:Q+W5CX\4JKO
MYH

^D%P#JQ!( 4562X
T49)&$P0/'-275[EXM
6_?!&&
M%2B*&_4OO\V





M%AKN@RFW&N=:N

MV#




M!'M'=:3@4)BJ





MNH L8Q$Q+EP2D?*0







1K9^4^(SB&4G



M8I
4IUY@0U^2.SA+WO;Q :EP;;X$V+WN;!/DR_\1CL+2IH1+#-


M-




M[



M'$IH;
&SO*AM;NP+[6WPGB'N OR _R'GDT!6@B XBV


MR1%6F1-0Q80L51YY0^%_V

M-JA[G5EE?SB'?S*D+-$QU8K Q@P3!P6#SGN) LZULT0$I(G1B''C*
;.6([!


MJ/B=:UP6JGRC

/V\4[

M#;:$ &X;HA#W&)Q DBS*K;Y9%#$P)6\

M/QROIV8W\8QY%3PRDFG$8R:;BI@B8\ $IXEZ)_R-0;L2KQ]9W'(UP_GF!-8%
M9:LV<ME!KPM//BOJ5BHGMB D[L%?^S=FR@2;LV1JMN\/1\M$Q^?'U<KWUO 0
MKNW:'ZWN:;=BO]E6ITADA;GO%[FN%6]/X$9PFUZZ5UT,D4(X:DR@7'.?J$Z.
MJDBH5HZ92,4(?SCE_!GN_[A/@ $


W))X(580Q1+ 3BR5CDL-!()D:-$()K06%S






0\FX1G^DX%F#'T';(&%@G@N2$N5



M&72!0LE_C9EMAR18(1
ML

^


M H.+)&D

*9]8H-*CF



Y*/((\2\L

MKS4+;IVXI6

Q

MTQG^=D\_*KO+U&-B350\..XLY@(KAW.!J?+A[GY4D7MUV8F:H%0!4JOO-XTS




M/[/6OKWHQXMK\;0^17HAO!44
O.?Z<6+=BR?UYD&)?(<U_DJ4\KF;%-1F.B$-&L
M(*1(R!IL$75&P7;OO76N0)ZG(K-ZW<CSM)&4Q?E.]'%QD27U@OZA-1;W=H0\
M54QY0J.U/;A0O(L$29=DM)B6CIBP*R[5E'B,V1N?G-S;.FKM_MYL?X1TV


MKJGD5E&(@*_T!.F4-.4(
$H8Z$& G3X7J'X:&N*5-8.NE)
EKQQ+%UG/*0






^Z786H7O4MWTFPGD(*'YDV3%+1A4U.6Q0#R32G\X#X1Y#36R'A%
MG;*



)::J+6_\F8C%%#PWW
8?\XLCMI9

A$?WNJHHQ:0@PE#Z_N=O[<W$3$5F
D0
RHRV3N!VB]SR&.

ML(91@UU_
;/?(:
.3+8RC/[P.&\9L)K]_KAGXK#HL9GUIO(^
MOPU\\U//#?+T5?D&EU+SJT45KT(U;C!2VF-\1
J#[\WKOEE?-8;W[MRR\]


QRF4[[
I;%*
:G+IV=BSR0E9@

GQ DG4&$F(OHHD[&KP
MXBZ L3'\
+)
*O%+:*%=[WU/A<(.Y4


ML
T!BSA&(] '-V[S

/;%1G[@_1R

M-A*'L




MWNQZQZ/

MW5SFD/



S\/^]/T] .P1OO1
M'@'6PV!_M9WO]FRP]LOE6$CK&
U.X-5WO_$-4WJV-_Q9H==_[-*
I7+8STCW




0@I31X
9Z!%0%JC9A2




MZ8^;$R*A


K[PHGZY1:_83^;*G5];JF29O4M
MN$
\




MQ\RVD[8B\-T_XD%K

(AB@A.#TZY$( A
M9YA#(8!7)#W!7OBU=Z+*])+4I<HL=*G)25*K Y*?)VB!$V:J-Q.
24!GA38

MP\/*80

G#R)/K^8]9W #-

G2U Z42+J1R4E$CP5
M$DS]@R2-#)$*%(TPB!MP$N _C8+0T4=#-0LF%PQ6&7LJH\298?9;6OR@Q

Y-<Z]&Q0L&PWD]?S[]Z:!?,()6I8M
MX(;.!,MZ7#77Q[Z$_L= _]FL8X@-YI%3A3SX@ #]3B#+#$:2I4 F/O<@#G(


MW_FNO
6 : &LHS=V_5\N=K6+EL$OTH5]+L4@YV2WK&MU6L-6')0=V!M;^Y;$




YJU; 1 +#+IMH
M\7]/6R==4

:



*PI08C473R%0SPBA25





M@W
BZR\1CT[:6;Y#MM4P'W(I'MC.H\8?\/_].!CV6WX8\USW_%$9Q%@FJP+^
M
OEL[//

0[X=GEUMZ

M?] XI'E
2!G

ME

9@BV=DP3A!2='@D^+&8II#LT(M4V_%
M,C;RDR14H

)ZT(!I7-&BRI04:G@$1
CHJDF$QF[9VI
K9
C8_?
M5'3D0PRQ;SN/

C[N8SI/IE2&/5Z/@




3#U.RBV7;%3KIMO[$HQ'TX_!=A)LRW0R\1Z7Z(=#YK
RA)#0ZZ
MZ'Q


MQIUAV@8BP

^A#F%F_R?






MA


TT0;A8@T Y!62YHHC::)U0



6[2=Y7OLU79U0.P2QP
68J39_=J)#M!!#!'3_L










9NU.@E#+(5*FJ/!4G1@D8JYFR@-D@G%
Z29@LI$(/I6+.^D0E
&F?(_=@JCZ[+$
MK<XG](\ZP&KM:=G6\!S.@%-;940@=3NG!5V=YP!E71E

MGSS1D
?WUJ\1WRMK0DLP=%?%\&]_%


DE)-9J$=3U+'L

M1I#8WMA)+A;D.NUBO;


M$S%S[IS


M
EYO8KO(]I@0YH6&_C4^)AMQ:N6+CS__1=.%U[)A-_'5RMZ;,5/22 
G%3
MK[BHXZ^'+:*&/:$V^\-]G^/9/2*F_M&4H?/FN@TIW3WUN[?^SG8WCGCT_G
M^U\_P?

M+:)



=K0[F];]!JTCC*Q84

'GG
R5U?.7\\(N8[<3;.^H4NQG





MVZF9Q@B+R*@QPE@*!IRINL KDG?R'A8XBF)*4SM%9NM&5R&0)W(I'@)+Q71M





MNAQP%
1JKY)G/%AO5

 ]38

L5W;H'79OV'2I??AX#E52 V
QYXSEUT3 :06&%MN!/:)SN




MIZ*.QA;+3F\N+I.\7X[!ZFP2-J! 'G/H&Z D-UE%#=6Z%'6HJ\2KH:[O



MV.7Z]\!(F/5JN#R=8 )AADWU 7)=-[13?1C:M=5D=$55OL761ZIU/X%U'[B
MEVCE(F'6(D^U!K\D6:1%=



#)$Q[Q1-
MV


 E'


U


MUQO_*DXK7]-U?]D8OW+Q_?C@



4)CLK9P$&^4K5?UO

MVRQOD=S=.R&-O4]T9\M?-+8.#ZB47@L7P+\T0(ZLML@!(,KHN ):^Z:6V#




MBZ







/5Q[6CCHM\'$+# !PCMGDP0 AP/04FX5S6H/W

%EBBOZYQWD6[;7JYW&_E$GE S@^K?%ED!?P.CX
M;MF*YSO 79MPAHO]\QC;V5

M_







IP'[]FR9[WX8?3A8VCVSEKVXD.S




WA5-1-!
M









M0(' =PP



MG+B=P:F+W=U4[


M!

M* ?DRI7V+/RA@U?(6T&L!O0J:G(NQ_VHFC&MM(:O@/M1:?BR-'SB@ #'=!J3





[6K\V=/[9%[AK9./XL
M0(O)_FQ3*-#*D]Q9\FB?PKU!P_:/]SD\)]X_/LE=(R]VMDY L_\Y^L_ER?GN



M5[ C# I
2LU

MK:I'D%T@]ABP


\VQB&'/$'AK
M(==M(,A'F!8JL$F1K6VP]5GN7QNUI,[BLXA,/#;-M9*)IY2)'9)H)GCDB)!




M'
H3Y\08\#\)_$U5E

AG4\;IJ6]E
#%!$:+E*+RB5

MI/#=7.0)&QY-0-@&E6M#8F0MR$S@P.RH ;- 
9%&^3$ M2-A&7LH/9LRQ




M 
+B%N

M?.!3D
IKQ4H2\<SXEACA1##D#HX_!

XDQQY$0(2$9P#H &AD1)(12S:57SA4*O7UM(F)=?









M:;
+(WH8

#04&5JT2@\6

M#L1D




HVEE#;


@B+(W5BT7S9V5I(7DLF






M


MV/?:1NH


MW;PG)?]@+KO3+22D%EO-PV9YX[R5.D=ORZLGY]1K0'^+9['#'**BE$_.W^ZT

MS'U4I[K


MNUNF^68C/N



FB!%
PXCA'XRRUXU[[QA5- F@@FI]=B_H6 IF
M2UG-Q'.NE)V9V:+PA!M:_AX2D&%




PY;.6O?C0;!?O4UPTI]G*I(KA.BXK&0Y[O SO/SR\
M7ARZ5ARX/*;HNC3TQL-XG=QX[+;;$K(NF7K0;6\_)M@3/:RYUVWOZ*-S9Y/E

6SB
M7([0']E_*K[^
WM_5\;HS3=BFFI9G8OD[OI^9RPZK
PN53=*S3UZD \AL[ I
M9_U:K]-JAEI^K;??G=SS1+W4E!L+'[UR*D7'


ML?O')_SM]!/?_[K/=TX_BV][^V3G=)OL'Q\U9_L%_'72N-P4#?H//.TVA]\Y




VL;




MT=VX!OXN


8






]XQE-4D7EP5CCQ-O+ DA2:.ZJ\*!L&KRS1JU+W
M'H-])]
TCU&-A=



M*G'OD8E[%+^S$.%B?/&1G8]6A3A6B7N/J3=Z7@!?P1T!_;ASBI*(.
@7ROL?
MD7:6(L$




,^^,##P78I:XSN?0P9&*O@2$/I+9@G L.*QR2=&P!?DPO
!\*%)BLL8
MH%=J&FYFT@^S#U46X]NP#A/Z[ B/-J: F*9@':PS2#.K49)6!.ZQHBGO?J%L

+Z_#

_M.X=M&)Y)$%*^4F3Y]I\C[$__:=NO9K![



M6N&N()?G!R1E


#$760-=NOG8/(UERL34EK!\\9FOG0Q)2LR4+J9T5JQ3Y
MAO^Z@MY+B%=.22( MO\0!MUSL$J]V'XVXO78'[O=(=?Y?/(NY/[?/&ULF!
M2T'2J#@*0F&00HV1Y=8BG&Q( C.6N 0,K%U$VZW79.T4!.H=]VHK]?&5*6P



)(K;( 2P
Q[)




M;(C2:B4$)R%I$@P1-@%%@)E.:BF)'3V;3C]LQ12[W1OI[-=F_VB[#7/6#(/
M'-H LVY0$-9?+_)8_&FSN]L\RQL1@#AD? +]WTU_VY;M7C3LC^;IX'1
9A%]

MTC;H: ODJV]!F+N%V3J-L5]L:@3IS4Y7EMDL /.
XWJM\#UJ9U-3MSS1!:'T



M#CNO3#1K&_1.F+TBPZ6#/)*Z4'
S=






MH5%7+-#UWX?[%%\5I.K

L5W+R/:\.


M



M[!A^ZL32T6-=2QO]

(O9Y8
MYS'+!1*7HCM7KJ^JF5@-Q?
M0$X.DDZ

F^X
M M;#G'! EK&B&K@0+X1DQH)50O(0G+I#[APVGHM$:.2(ZZ\0QH(!TI.9Z
MM.*@RB1R/AN\K&='K#1AV8/LG46?LV=:%_49GW
8F5R




05FH^#(\.R26^*0T8X7'CKF%EBOSPTOZD+.664;!T9+J7@*

9DP@\6RC*1@F-8RL?PJG4/@5/D[.8TP-
MQHX:%:2PP')\K+RJ%128BVRW0(N)3(8C[(JA0* A8D G#B6XPMUOYF#^LF
M!^MA2U_#357-]EM?^GIO!8@?(:\B)Y)DASKR1)&4N8BP@]G3UD04A%#,I&L


0E$$:A 9LI/1 P[E 7@L%
VTUN%*%&&$^9[?%





*!QS35HJU#4:7LP2X#+^Q
MDI67D!5XE@

OO_  !*S9A+5*B[Y';11%;( :RX+;JR4F?RC%Z

=K@B&$


A\F[L

%I
(:.ETD-B [01S
MQK6VN-KTO#J;GC\?8
TD50(C9SF0]&0(




=ES3#P6


$8ET\9N3$N@A#$B? 5
M)58Z@WY1D6A9C+RH0)K+%\4?8*_#V.G(=6EZ1YT67'C:&0S7]&;0=*0@5Q;_
MBH+\(R=BL1IXW&.M

+YJO*HS*[;=.?7VW1GB+M_

E'.( S7%M8T[UC'%!

MMDX46:P$XA'\ IA9Q5

MWQV J!08.


M

MHR8J-LMH#%?C::!KO6:(N?L& .X=5F^+MEA2P8_Z':+(G]@9N 7,T.)S[L

/3PG#

M;8?M]6*O-Q*5Z3G-MQW^6.IV3D=R5X8]\Z=BX(N87KY_N?^CUSQL-Q-(6CM3

[8
@ZW-217C6WW.*P%J&/R1
M9ULCP[CV:'EXL?P&RQ7AS%MO!.=.*Z
Q2X8X*I)T1O
K9K#\L(IY\45J7Z_*



(O9VD:[


MC.$VL_!*K

[2$Z]AG) 3R&/]7U8?VH^P+5,1URL


M)\TY#B ]5J3@R5W9X97\/)7\L




Z;LAFF
B]?$E;'

5
[+Q:@W
CGJU]+KUR$
MX4H1


*07879^3WS
BM:60

J8$




P

:%

M;\747Z6WS\7^LK#\.67+JY4VQS9LF4(Q[W&9O5DXWI@LAJ*X5 04PW%:CT

U__GWD3D
+WNOXV]:O



]P7I?DHD[F]#HN8S+7U6N9.%
H

W4ZP
MO:-'IHPIGOA\P78V2.SM \E8C% 
CLHT36Q80D8]QXE;#U
F./IH1^? 7(

M


M3U]1Z%LX&IF*_WO- 4?YH(#CG/=^DS%%PPE.*CNEQG#I%8R$9!ID6VL3B%MR

CAH%C\$T&1







%8SB:

M&-!L;UEB/%;Q@576Z*GX )7)4I@R9 V1*._%!P
J$Q)@2@/G




!\V91YJ:E(!MX'A7
1-J=F2!A6R5\B^(OA5(?L2

MJV5O[

+Z25TO?;$

Q\G3
MXCX?Y.[\_:O/RZ/VV;RFHSG
X[F ]H!

?S9('-O?
MHD@/F!]KJFX;V%

MJL

C[7TVYB%R1A
M9FL=W-:-#90_'Q=9'O)E8
 3*ZG((2VYP7L$.VUVA- SW][QVKSB0 )SK
M%
U0 IU




L3]/03D







)673I6+@38PZGTA;

MN3!&/1HD
6D3I)/24Q'-B?R6



O@QZ6S*E[2 3B O]ELUP

M$4PPDI1:!5\


$R2]2R@PI3KF+@89=H=H$5PO5'
@L@D)=@6D

M*[X[Y=)-#\M$A-J3\FPK58]P@(X^\5\]2.UX&Q(T;A'HG;T+35VI_;_IUDQ
MFQF((S7(.#M760R3_8V-+]DR?_'/)O\\]8WL+WVE2N


88UT[R29(+









4




$

M





M4GX)9B


M_3XQ ::ME=)2



M(.+#MP-1EEDB2

9PCU(?2#)7.2_)FH6U$3L=(


M$Z!]$4OGC@P;%.[T)R2M2RE2!^Y*'*!QF$ZG7#C%RMJ^=9BV*VA@M)I*TP0%

5;%6OKG



T$U/\F;8E'P]U00JIMJ6I0NU#S]/8Y9D


96U'R=9/@?\5JDJ
M+%N







ZC%6;R5N2E.#B9V9VKUEILYT@]%?7






UV K&+3MJPK


M6(K27-G.\S1
I..U'R
I^$A00Q/&?  RYC/EZ_*VZ?*[.N:C*ENU*(/JD;
M++9Z6V1] X']*?O?MK[Y'A1VD&;H
9PGE&N 7PQ0KT&/.Y_*X9EP

)A'.O!8ER045,5FQJ_#I62HNQ&VDP:&:*'F<
M5+VRF7(T7I;)]E(WDOMTDK&)].3^=Y%D[2%%!(8N*L/TPRR3-_^RVI&'#+X+
M\NYW<B$:)G-Y=62*S8SQIG!.IH&R U3E35_OZ_.PJ^GZ5-7 -C


M^;A6;%XFU5
7_WHI?R839T%A06VEUH7#7I&(7RRZE;0K6@(494NH
C=J6%/L

!N+:I0^[*A!1:WZ49!$R&MM
M9EO'L



M7=9RN]T4

M@

%;WUDC0.QJGR1'2!



TM.[RY@V1
M(T)


M+'!+^?==


M@%S3O.3VCMZ_Q-@:#F&^2.4]N6O$4:RB6-Q8_U:^RY@SXK A/DNDM?8?
M\
)




^
MF-1=%:!UXGY?4@
VN]SN3M4_F<]B2<46
M5(2

IN5-$G



A V8RT_

WPF2E+U^K!-.$REDV
M]6$1HFVH



M^2#U;RI;'95^M])36%ULN
J$+R[5.A1!SN+:I\

T8M:[;BH5;



]J;L

:EI)6S

CN;YSPR_F2
U0Y\(@

'3K2C$9;


M 4.ZI2KV:#A-






M!R&7@D 1I$

4:2)$Q[H9X6R
11U+JZ%K;0(4*LP* !!46[A]5BE

N%S&PN37

MGUDZ_
_U/=?ANAE9CA

*A7/J%8?U*U6P
W4R
MP0@#&&8L0]E'=8WHP3B%7UB0C!/XD[@7M%[9J_5(O(:FXQEI)IFC9(SRD-
M$?C9^THY_DZM9FLR0?N.7 ME76 WQ7[P93]=7_;N5$1?A/:[3;T!\F?@V*Y5

.I78
HE;WEGP3!NO
MK$YG'X(30W!B$YL2GB0QF_2'2B$S_H=6G\'(=AW5\HE1LL*!*NL1O:+JV(

BODYAZ3FZ%4G[(06G


M0P*3ZA

40@_F
\$&QO+/9
MBUKR9X+SK)H88 ZSC
34
M(@44)!-=BC'D*5N &=;.,8[K.K+JF;2LYO4FKVQI67V:[F3?'K3H1.6NHD

MJ+^S!C%.7X

MF


J
-L.E]_L26:R*662RS6S K_ /4@+%OE@WFV@N3:
M=]^TVG
UWB/M3=#

HM9;O$
M^4BVJ9=E&06]BQ

MJKM!J55_.KX0'%


M(AGC*AP378&$/I6BD2EV.1-M^I'!4!WA' N;@H%,8=C!'^H )-FP^H.E[F

MRW15YV9T5J;C^BI[
%\NN69^%8WCBLZR(2RX\'^7.X5M6);%88C)BHVBME?Q


M_UI@FW&P1=\70GVWZNYT!&]Z

M[[2#H[W+@YUH?/!E_^SKT?D2WF


&$=R@9-
(L^^N<\ZGYFV5NN;:S\6-O25WYVW;ZON68[IV&


/WN8C



 F('JY##@F881#TEAPK80J]^
MD+Z9J/&/)X_SC9UO'JT3?_O_^B.]OL:7'OC\OVGJ;^\_%PSA^^_\^%&Y@
MAH%Y^+*(E7.
0PYC^/K




M

.;9&%;V?OSU


MO]*&F!WJ3NA9JF]&



1;9

8737P[F.8ZP/OWH=W:P:[PX%Q=3]2C< %2:O;KAKXH:WRT+4PXUBW[9!



M%0O!*,F9S0= !5S_)?O-:W[N6%V+SHQ0!3PF$[H!!]W2N& /T_#HJ05A

M%6SQFGHMW72)0=47\_=NB^ZA3^9&=G

MASZ9SV:7ASZ90Y_


O9WCR_VSS]K!ES_.



5K


[D'&'JF



MV@9S5



M+]!XY


9=


MA[J%VH
[\LPN @V]


.]]F+=^VT7DN=3SU@SM  SU








M[Y

ML1

Z_3C(@S3K2WE


G_Z]<NG\_VST-XS8!YG

A&H

+U7RV.$^1RXUX40KD4O[K7%*_%=D3*2DE)
M
::\)2PMEQNNZ48@%S4KMO4 &-X.0XWS*.*QN+]=XL(A-=6?G?WW]]2-+9


11







M4-?/H:Z_D+I
CP6V;G#5C -3M7Q;4WV762KGGN=Z
2A8$=XG;&YUKP(OJ:M#

U-
0

2-4

R5
?D#*21


K'

M=R[@BYETBTF#XI)G0A
X.5S\DKE8-'F\9(\N?3U

?+ZW\^ETWP &V]G3X/N7!SN[QO%1='9\!-_?^30Y^/#U]'C9=BR?

SMY0LP

M1P2(%

QE]60R$\YC6@A$
M[5,:A+[0U!AIUHBG2QPWY!GJE]5$,3*!;AK X7#,\ARV!]$\KP<YY-;@BH2P
MP&]CUV+!-BGBPR/L H<!&Q

.0THX

MX$*V%5*[









E[^N]B:?
MSO:./G\_GNQ=_N?J7=61XBBT]R^_F<R/8TUWU=R#4Q-B%5FQ!'\%/H6\_3

B_U5ZTHTJ_1RG%#(;0@J@%!
 =[6ZY9:M3226?JJ-T@<A
6O73M
;[?3.W[CWR(%NS

MI8U\O5O5^4
TLC5Q[6X:^$.P[ /V6WF






S? MKK

?

6+

-T-CKJ)F&[5BN':DZ*)2@
M7

XMB]PJV7=;I7_/QN2*7.OL?F
.GY


MG'0BVB#7&H_)OF93\K]



]DTC7PZW_B=H-75_FW8R&


M7X_VOA^?A5?[QA_GK8C7)=@546!YW'.YRC5=5ZTH

M_IF1;UD_NN#N0;/FGK-C!+C-&$KLG@!:H9YT=)D.('4KD-IM@Y0#4&2%EJ6&
M$;
 I'Q-#;AKJ[KMA99IZ7I$UR0:(]OJ7JKPB]3=/1(.F?=)%!IPZ&?BT&G&
M^8!$MT*BO382Z1&W--MGJH
ZD^4ZCNJ;'.C:=O$*A4AWZ4JKWM*')U^\MM%
M9 T*T1


MR_
U[.]DF2/'NG?[N5MQS2-K7(K
B-MHF$
F^0VO8%C
*?-'W
#PBVEA+Y\0

$/*'8K% O;*&:;(;/-P%!#P\28GL[ . QB-=)L'F@^_.
9

^;%]PTLG%7%HLS2T6?HA;99^ LX_\^JRGX3D)QTW
MGQ\!F

'#A6.S$
WGS9RO:'5TH.W6NH4WW22P/O3




@8QAC&^#7*
MJH0H+FXLD)?)Y_(B _1B_'8GGFMMPYW.91CCUQSC(:^_,M=()'L\YMO&KCBH
MUU&_*(P_SN/%N.30=H-8SQ%:2?R?/Q-YCQ*4\\559%-AOJ4RWMG;&Y<7MBM


E=Q4?3_T5#T*3<YT+])M
M;-,P,GHN3WB\J '4K$&9'JFR&1JL1

UQ]=]T_%BSF[9




\_6
M@LB*W




93=*%O+K






M#V

IR[VGEP$N:-E#D;\


6Q*;O^%X0Q\QWX] E(]X=C/@-




U?9 ^
M(7--CG=;/-N R*:


MU=(8T)L9N*87/V.L'##JN6+4D+G\5


MXO5PI]ZSOE


M[O^_/673$WA;(JX[VTER=I)Q/L%]4+XD\]/BVC.&?P )+'^%Q=(#[Y
I+V$
MC97J8KR;+AW#77-:6V186Z[]$S:IG]GWT[G9K

M]FIJ@1$R4


QI9?%8!I/P

M+$O@K2-\*T.#@M8\7I)UDJ.? S;FA&7TLO)DJB/O@:D5@+
Y9+R=HZ5&8@

MC--%!ES\WP6P

MI/GD
?*HIA2-HCLJ22\SEN$IQ+LSF-4GF<TZ6





MBU2/V2)*4
%PZ0\A.!0ZD2K3XJ%WO[.P+E-N)@6S<9XVR%CL7XA!#:HM+'T)0%;3

MBX'(

Z;
&PLAKZ%LP* 8D




+=
M(PD:T8 6AA\^C

MX'G
+O




B.DO30#V)52H[43Q



M1-E9:'6/A6$1LR2#'S






M4[PQ;A^FRBT9TH8J/(Y9_Y/T5866E%E)_Y'&8@VS,&9[MGRD Z#4ADRN
MW^
TQ$[+V*GS


MM.+74C^J^4/!'




9 Q.\BG/K_\?%XJ7X VW0J'#P?&+SN

]K%:Y:ZIZ.=@]

M!_



MO/=0RL+_9K-$
7W+TC=^YMOS^73KMU7581N3C]H_^4^*P%(,-/&EG A4T#
M&M?L- 7$QGB/H^FOA.!U+%^U-/


NLY

M?@.DM1




7Y$%ZI76'5ZG?&;










M %U%VOM= ']NHNXA=)G[;];3TW5^&0)Y%WH\0CD5T_M:H5@^ZU \WXET=R


?8BHVZ/;  +%1JY$ -WT*&;8,2T48!LT6P
MIT&M5+_L&S3EA!8P@9B+[@4C)5C,:UG,<DJ8!7#*Q[0!:'G\5*9L^_B[V +
MD_\Z ($HZMWOD1GE/H?



MVS


?SVF\

M %O\FF+7^&ZZ
Z8J


M1DISBAA^@K(Y/1.DU83Y&EL#:@LX=2+?EQ.=Y\!DEG]/%S%.OQF DZ7YU(J\


T'[U6H1R-I


M8I'[^RLQMUUR_L^YY'QR$3'R(




M__D


MV*FF)WKRNZ\@(






7'RR6.#HXV//(8
MHE9BKH3:]]_0%^S[-$!M['XOH8=*JR)*-U\XAA


8M)6S9Q&)+L

X


MWE(7NQ;WY
%(\VD&F/2 EMIC\@(5-7KIHS6;#+C.U2 [L$N\R;7:J*6KE[
MZ!77
/]H/W59J!2$HJGTVK
BD8HKBR?)K^WD]_;'N'B12'XS'/ %#9 7''




M0][@XR(25UB)\JJE[_!XSC15GR6;?N;+M*A

05TU54S6SRB]7_JC6A7&9
MU0 /1F4N9ZH8NOI.WG6U
@S9
^$SV(1_T.*/S)$]4;


M
))@VI-R%[^M:+4L)9




.A =V
$J


M1Q6:HU1UQE'+.:?!&2@J\6#VH*@3I)V G')$3@:04T')21/6I4ZC._9O(R:G




)(_\L

*P7%K
M5[!9\/O?I7-R&QV:S;(0!5_L).8J^#(4W0Q4L^ +4)R@<^T2%'X!(+K(470!
MW?*%BRZ49EU1:S7%5!2CIFC5%[6N&0IY?V7VL&VZ$7CL2





M(MC%()*0CRIQRR2I!+*ISVC(\P/T-O30&'



QZ(S3U0M_
9$EDO$7,%9R3V8$4GDET6/*;N/D(_P&;/E\VST
MB5,,YH=
MH)E7NR3]%9!-NFRJ


Q9[%:_KOJ:O-&+<)6\E9##1H0<U':7TNI6@-/R
MQ&EUX#3@MFG:9+3VGQN]K37KNNQQ[*<;-Z#PNZ(*[4YAX;W(YNR2C5@P;
M !J[2!IK%)C&C+S3V


4]LU@0V S:;LEGLF
UGR#:PFKY$

M66 \4](+8\$INF JL5C=7DCWQDL*+6Z]7XAK3D').!

M#X#:Y0(0=

Q/T^ALN7UCF\56(Z6O
8A9K$J
M V2?6#@*B! 
$M\3XI= B 7Q%C;;CH^&IY_!KTZ^
/F^RMR#R?^N?GG@Z'6^



%0\V2HW58;#'714+NX3QRPT;S8Z./3#=CH
4,Y?T5

M2HL2GD

O


5*O]7!]\]3[]H!N





#P;D'6T+7S
NT0L_/


MZ_LN@0]5] ]4(\V:D.%
@FS\]WQ;
%M@&VR9)M/)=B]/BW_]%T_1\^^0NH
MYE*H9N'! L\ SV3(
[]AYF9_]5SVJ8\T#$=P9'0Q3+/\:(%KCL$U:Z33\Z+D



\-#XZ)N.SB<4LFA
ZQS5WQK1%!?'ISK;/S
M_ WPW

M.7_=\*T1RAVB#=&X+=:&4.Z=;=@_]O(T)2[YZ N*MG1%6_2+][6E7#O*-F*_


TT4?7X:9
5DLD5*I+ %

^W$+

X&IY]E+PU
RUFTU#Q5P$J@WOM0CVQ-G]

6)/DYC






M'CBAO(R#BL+3.F^=+V='#IJGNKHT5)M7,J_9:(IO9T.#J_@T*JI \0K1S\


^G\U-&=I5AW&'TL

+])$YL$@C#5320?-5TH+M H.!OAZ:;YBVD8S#533(MU.


MPS0\-7U7AK[G8

MC=+BK=(VS8I[$=$$V=&MFF;QOF7ZMCG[AC8CDWPFR\@.58L6Z2D%8&MVU=
M3RY+0P@-


((X\B
M#TPD'E9?A.$L




ICY@(5OCTO!4





O]QNN
$
B
M







MOL!_U/):K4*B6.4-A[#87 !AL4-KXGR/^Q4OIYBEZ9$E5;E:LCGBC:I6_%Q3
MCS%$Y[+H=!T5&:&U^*GWBI@E_SSAWST801Q'&T-CS%Z(B4=2A52G]='5'MRN
M_B^A4![#FI@BJ.ZKP_!D@:C1@;;!;US=83+%*N\QFZ'Y#28:?.N\TAZUA&L%
MIR-/=:5.Y1ERQSKS/

M+*G*.RJ$-G@
!F3KN(]1*Z66J5RE!PPQ[T[R)[S/?!VX2??6P[T9Q^S?&+%[

MGJ+'$ #XF9;A[%8D






MS:&9L%:%RD'+O%-



O (9I(584%$ 07ZP;+T73/(7L1CG6Y3_.=5
HU*J8*U^/&$%4'F\)D2^5PMF.3RI1KW51.SW V(R9F(GKY!UY_113Y
M@V.S0YNA6E[QRA6]Q5-8[H,.GOA]JYLI'(AIFJ'L(#ZQ8HU5WHXK73EM!3)

SW][#GJ)'H !V%P
3BUY?9!
E3:1RA9(G
M];?.$ZE/!F:+'NLB[&#G+S+]RT?45+5W^DHH62+;7J_$J]XA&
XUHK.D*A\+
M80)_A-;
L6V8$_Q@7[&/KQ(YUKWZ.PJ8ZV\0/(:90?0?AX5!_J.WR^%V0B:7




M '-A9FTM
C R
#$P



43

MG_YL047G72+9*$%DHI)8(1T)

V]_0;UNA'<3Y:_/@-?G_9:H%4&3;\-@-L(ZUW


M(B6474Z$?]\.92G5_0=W$N-D/IY-W_L+'T:P&J2W. ZE0E7#HCD+.+JEH




M?83N_ 6$V=O).*ZP6 \^24U 1

6


AB@OV28




34*UFT#Z%
975OY!



6#VJU%=,1<Y\P;XGW479
M@4]


MX

M\K?/

W(C#8S

2$)'U*-%#6Y
CD+E#]BW
.HD U^3=*UOA0
MQ/@N_S*%Q6 '.B?-O4P$%L&XSXSX)#@)PGFAD*XFE#B3E3]V@.XD0]#=0C



N)+\9C&\8*Z)!WS$

MBBTKD$P%H-DUB7PW8.E3^-!7YFYU1O94:347!*W@Y#J6RTA_8(U7.G'TB- W
M(I)90VQ4DB2=/)



MLF\Z^ !?8#PON86#H43CA)D#/&L$81:Y0FD6&L:7(*1M\XX+J]\WJCS3[9

)
7 9!!'4X

MFT!Z9;YJJ;R*U!OJWB3A@A0D:5OL9\+UT 



GX8(T1.MS3AE.I N6.XE21FC
M:(N@F(T[V:HM'?1I'[N*=JM)LV8%)OS5IY]@C(OT


3+T/$\NSBEVDI*7;UUR<1E[]%9F!

+ 29U3C$K;
M)@[C1CA]2^*[Y5T&J=T/
J4/I7AV)]
?E:6%\D\P6Z
DAK?;F';X@7+!'I


MR#OA



M9(@FHJ_A2]6^ (+86

MF

M!OU;S;.UF0.1RBA1'&E99P1*+H6S) EN
E#021TI.'D8\)T8_
?YS6-1I6:1






M4UH;GF+2#HU)[)L1=2KR]E'8DL=]=0SY5=@7D8O9Y.Y^78=G%U;Y 20#9(


9+.B64F0YBXLY&E(N*Y6UKX%8[17A
MX)/.007\?VL7^9 !].F)J$?PJ(^F^SI'BOH5]-J4;OU:BZ5T4!:C&'Q_6W(

1[_BJ:[U1LNE8



R0'..$ZZ0L3\HYE+)LCPC%@T7IDE$
MO*]A?N3J@OUE^P9+V((#CY$VH70L[PDEHJ5#?
P)$J(V)*)T J6!*W[
4[9[


K/-Q]G4X.WN.H3E&

!4WK'EHTFQZ21=OV*_AZQNW=O(IMH!J


-7N;?
(


M%8!$91UW7JAP\P7
;8^H;&J^3UO8%35^_4&5@^5:;=ON9Q_/AF/H+FX/3X$.

M1B88BTXO2:M8N=^4&8G:9B*5+(61?2QE%K67P?$8VQPR;L?4I\W;ABRII96:

V9*;6TDRUZ7$2X_R\R!K2
M+H]C;+_H61ZWUI(S0BV@#= 2B-/1$2&I
#2(U
C1K#6 7ETG:T;!1U'W$4[*
M+LN


MKNC9+\9S52YZH&F
---

M5U/^HH34YL%E+Y*2%C7ERTNQS%

MNW#?:E(SGHV ;(CC/!))RWJOK!*&D&S L5R:+&^;D5TJWYUZ3[%:6]?B=S




RFSD5)9W_AS#H#Q[XHU
)#K#











WFKP
M

82 /

SB8( U)
MU&$0DCP03R$0S:++-GB.OS\*+Q9P^G05KSTE'JZ!=FRXO9\W





V[@I:=*@R4I4414RB=X!$
D
T8EC^Q7QTE
60-5



E$0$&\HM'B .I7.Z:P-NM82FOAW#T+9I^#GB*RKH++6K-I\90]




M/#=9  ^'WJ=


!ZT41'=AK*[SI
AH;QW




2
MPE#'6MCR!^(\U+6YUMU Q\@@44D2@X A)


M;P&\&#]^X

MY'IDS1[#&T);-KF E6-8
GOW
&CR:]ED[=/5T?
+UW;/EH4GS
R5M[Z3RDNZ
)_/A+

N*+_%M



O

N_;Q%P7_\J
O\/-D/#LK=E. 5.A)!P





F04BJ00FE3%V OM=QGY/H1W#[+0




M !4   !S869M+3(P
C Q
#
Q7V1E9BYX;6SLO6EW6SF2)OR]?T5.]M=!&?M2



BL.*.8SEPSKW1@44=G/3=6A3A_Z-EP]
=?ZQ\1

M_2]J_MLBA/!H_M/+7YT.U_TB/58\^K^_OGR;/N!'8
/1= :C]/T%]/H\N_R'

$LSD]=P[AIXV_4;]BRU]C]5M
2*;$7[Y.\\__
M_B\__70A.9BDR?@

T(\?\+LVR?\
MV\_3X
:Y[
M^OZ8+Y_%



(








F1?I.31MCGR


^J^HXO59(?:JG611EGH


M\2@MG=(4P2NP+()%5D_@62S,0NJ2 \7#!-E& =FH=-_M[R;6#G7^ 9(+D;
M

M

](6U*.AH$QJ





M8
]XA@4)2+Z\ ;TBDWHRKK(UN23)


B
)2-)FBRP6*5@./.1












6:3
M;$(C6U4WZ0#OP:M

BNQ%C
A-HYJ[




MUS

MN%4J\-IAR*M$JDA*Z:TH3.EL
5LO;)M:[M=0G#;[NPN\55[W&_QT/DD?:-SY
MV?F$MJ?7.!F.\\6N-:A^5E8F

M4]

M:55-[R+XXJ9:S_]\4G$_'7^LW0ZA
C
0Y;T+RKO0KKK[C$?SLM4UZ$1&5
K7FE]0


$KR-P0+P)3


@7(UI$

:!)1^BF$(\
M)FMJ8=! 6Q+Y&X[
1^!8E$Y-HC;6@3D]K=A;Y&N.A'H(X_E


M7
?U9OC^P^Q5H9VK7G'


43+-W9!)-+UB;Q\9K






\-+P*&K IC;S



TR128MHFPP#(

M
14M*]J;+)./3D&3D_%;

XW!
B^%9EX9P5.
SFIQ

-%2TJN
 9+HM]V@R:




M_+H (YS(/B%GR'4A





Q]L


M!4PHB^*E-_?[/J2Q]\_L73GLVTCX8 G
74#]:#GL6Q'5*9-Y%RD?3 5$H(6Q
M.&#2N%H[SF4&R2





?OGAR\B%9=GP,'D4GO-,4&;2LUVAMI5]/*6Q)F0^Y::-*+]B:4

IQ7+.TOVZ%<X-X/V)6U/4)1A(
)A =@P2&RI0G TU;KAY ,E/%&U.

*;[7C)M;VB5*Q*!TRJU#9 !HL
MWW+2W8\,H-Y(VT9 Q\T RERX7!L?.F[)V72AHPBLB)L
='FHGW8CLH'D &T

%

M9


=RT?WA




 ]GOT :G@UG%[%=Y/$+




MO^&

FS1Y5
 1$MUTWZP-X%[#14I5?Q]YU4




MJ]$_8#*L5Q?U)E(

'(=59@WM?2&*3Z@1?)@DP^C1IS;--#H/ WE:4+'
M3;5Q+6Z&428+$



MADP3+)%Y


*U_4,B'%9;9Y(512H!KDT78=WA;8!]:;QY1-0S!ST: [4EZ!L8O;]0
M_A*=DF)VK#5D8TC:)B@#//.Q@R&BPA=K@SHH5>4@+Y:58!K;WWHV_WN(NPQ
M8O42Q++G:@
#I1/S


M('&\T?2?%/7R




XU


M9[J4Q



MTKY0O&?1AL*2$B!XJ(?H_84ZW8] F9T9W%EP]R!0IO^PE4
%D73J?&RD]FBM




-IO&HNHMSJ3Q]_.;YV\=I=ODK3W!$7








M 4

:R'  5&


MOQ#(0'CR
B

RRC\I(ES*W3?*P-N!YZ!K0

P&\^VL/N3O.'X_@4\?A@G.


5TB(BO@NHOF.
-Z(Y?
1Q3VR-6XGZ8'I@DE86:2&4'&H3ZEI6-F;+
M@C8I%&^

&VJXS*/

M?0:2U-?__?' @J$MAIP

FDC!MN-


M=?^ FNA%8[FMZ%6 55M,)L!= D6G)%&Y9AYD4IJ.6@+;8^3C^OWCJ_*Z\GX
M\W Z_[CV%,&0D5 B2A9=T$Q'I5B0ADZ5=

!+F









CG

#\XI


Z;-1 
YJM%H7
:#R^@Q&NPEUW7/ZD^B=

M=^/Z;?*&K?

?H59^D#;YW7)SHLTOBKS'PX$Y@BRD&W//;EI
9*'ICE)T.0D







MMT




MSNN^]*K


=9#$)05@

4V_^&T\^W]X-0DCQRB+0\V$CHX$F&G2H@



M6CPLAZQ)_#*SD%.D3]D*&[0+HDEJX\%&^


M &L* =P!BI8LO.L8,'GNJL%PP*OI0%"B(FR*B[Q:'V.I/?3T$FPV:9.PL




M_(?3ZH


(#-R[3!N8STY%4
M


MC@EN!-.0 PL6Z$L(CN0A$O=-NO#T-H+6Y=/ORY)Y%


%QHF64-J*@0W5





+
M#G\(N(_0QSU+K.\2XJ]Q
J]4-EHD[5581(1;0)-.6V5 

M CHL@^U_D2IW45^/9I3MT$+RSJJI11MR?OG?P)G94DK7.2N5AXJ3')Y
?M

7F0$ZFE+5V

=I#Z=2F:?OC\/5X?F E



#:;)
ECX%(R+5&P$)5F4
?0
*H:T$#<#1R:K=+Z;]A@9)=5

 NS2/K-M?8?MQ_5CVLSW




M%2P_G

VX#U'(=P *8Q!3Y5 0F69^;6#U7
/S8



MA;K1

A<-\Q[

M+O5@(WQ 

+(D:Q_73$.$3 :OM
'JE$)

B%3 0=F/;U4T1+!@2-/QKGT^KE






M\P=F270?_ .::(?4]

?+O6KI@]JJEX_$;A;$-Z!*0(
\V2;D-480LUH1Q9

( C6).:/32

U6G$A

@&O!7:1!6_(1M

M\6
W 5V.?J6\:M11AJ08Q+H!*+3
HQ'


=(:SUG!G&ELEFPL%Q-##-):
M)V


MC\+X?3EHO=9).R)JH6)DI1Y:ZV(6U4(*.%G=A.3:J.Q5$ __F'4K-=C0CWQK

Z)DP6@R\PQW+*IH&6:1

4Q'5T.TE6=
MEZ!,)G0Y[T.M/5%J=Y'?@6:M6];F A&R*YG):&C(B08?'0_,8PS%.Z.ZM@JY
M_3TG1^TN\NNS%]TMT/P6@+OH7#.DA2D=:EH]O^W=ZV];=U(]/O^%P)\#%]?
M%LBF6\! VFRS_2X


M7M(HD=&QQTVF$AJ

M[7RG?7.!T&ML4W/P
P^LO



ZDFI*#
M0M88S[EF/
7$]SWJP



MG
8\G4TOC





M6)YFR:0^&QE'43V7\F BXK\;8J8BH
-DM(?I2SV+TZ!Z2@

M


/C9DS$\KC?[].6B)00T
MX!-8+




M4H?5S.
@W_Z&FX]4?EVW_(M__E ^+D/0.I(3Q2AJ)X-!H/8D#



M$A@

C R
#$P
S%?9S$N

(.8!
M0CDI62D !04 4)!_ &(*D  PT- QT-$P
- Q
#$QL+ )L;&O7L4FP2? )20C

]QB_3X*B8F)
MC85-C(U-S$AYG9+Q/_Q!? 2(L%]T=%046X#5XA04(E0$.T +1)/=)2_?(!_



M4DI:1E9.35U#4TM;1]?$U



QK]_A6KB[_YVTOU#VYPCS
M_;^B[ =A/^F +BH*$CFH1(!HL!9=C!CVI7_;?_I1B I5LRD.[R)JX?Y0;9
MWJH)5$X8U!RE4










[XA;KG^1


Q]H32
M+$EEFHMEH/X9S=

@IT.GOXV459[2C7L6=-72[\<F7

]9C9THZW28F;V@



MS


+J2?NL5R&SQ2VWQ6_EC604



=\.=G/D.M0[GO)?*3I* 2=M)Z)
M!A9QSTCH5FP?:


IPF
M?Q)RC?XAR3=7SUHIE=O)1;Y.'8Z\AKB42FT(@$ (8A]N7A


M
1:=_XXH.

19





MLA8C8A@MTL8;O69GYU:0VSF;/8!
PTQ)UE+B+A@)\
M%0&T/JX;33V^SGG<E5VJL1VNF_X9T'VSA)^2V$$'Y?GLA[.DLK6FX1#


'V  5Q
G:*V]

M;C54B=

DR$1K+
?9NZ9O#,],3(9*\<EE3S_)PV_![1^Y1[2R-56?M[506@B06
MK]??!A7OJHUP995IOQ^?4/6+C@I3R;]-$@E


M-8^;WW6)
N7[=M2(



^IY;581/PH6(']<<+9
ME[/.E??5=2_WK''*NZ)&

^YQ


M-0DG$*+





.
MR/\2A8CES#\[(/-]I)X[O)
S[QL3U-? Z)K#E]KX_OX7!8F J1?VBKUI5R



L
@:
M7IX-ZFW7

MIX1GIFWRQI[ :4

ME=?CON


M_X8L_X7WVS07*@\,NU_[?W )EE)/:3E.(5JN2K?.2.B@-5[TJ:N2G+BL
W

ZV3GK[2OZ*U0C@



MN''$#9X=44Z4CQ?




M;'T



H'Y$^_F&K1!'ZI.Z*)SR/*N\\WCL6JU&?VV'+Q2NOH)A;6.U

MG*

(




M5]0=)7#]YB(-G^0:SFAOG&WO!APIJ-KBWZDJBSW;W%^;X=3/5Q)ZO+Q-U-D7
M5:/0YG
P@/EAT)![





MBS).3(TY4O*
:
V9L
QZ(D'DRZBCEB6D.#5G.%@!9ZC3''1YP+'@7%XQ7#


%^/\

Z7/;QOKA#BB;(YH)8/8%N7MKUE=/Z[+6LTR
MRUTW@I!QZ

-8EN\;Z59
M%6=/65C;G[+^'N/1IUCVF(^H%

%*1@Q$
M@R\RB
_LD6WMQ\W[E/5R &-&\*66;PT)2XG






Q[GFTQ

MM^571VGH$_NG6A]-98:YY+;F]5#TK/'W.3LKH^

W:O$PKA5
M%X5F94)U
4Y'E[?N
0J&2G$15


@Q)_YJ:H&R(2? QN/[7$M\6U#UMV1
MN6'8S;[W%I^TOYC@='TB.0 V_C*!?#/NA/[
QK4G&95#*[S7CY7S[]#8C2DO


\]-@H*]JP#G$@


ME8MDGE/C9?H'8;5KU)RZ)


7H]KN



 L



KR1E'F
\) 

E_=7]F)?[KV+EBGUH5QE[B04
M*]U-X



M2@(D*C\;J?]2

M4N%



_[#
M1BHZ5[EP[[Q:B0&/IBP3['H



M@6
4E']V_QY40O1LROYL'7QX/2^?XA+'  5)$F64/[9+_E7ALJ_]-7 +O&H-






(
M8)WU-U.S(P#:2/ X+]Q&3?U2_Y? ?[:A_5A:-?6?W5_(V*\Q_8V0W4-B%X4D
MG0MNJW;YXC?@]\%%M4@9\$
 XKH)Z7X7MOT7SK1GV -H(RI_FY3\)3'!RSG+

,KAQ.5-TN
M/41'FMNP@NC*T<H2S!;LK<VSE%<:+M:$Q68O37R83E#/YSXG::6K7P^F[0U



MZ*7^R*_J2_^=P'-G64@10'J^=.R$]









ZB& NTB3N,AX'+E#:]2* /HG+M8W=\%+7\!G
MJW.?LHOIMQ:U7LU3 WT6+K%:
T3BT6GB_KQH)DR^U2./#$N95S/)*3:;'RV
M*KY%N%L[N-/K/WC+)!]+K'#*U9?/F)&[CLV8\?)RN]6(9 

\.6O28H0*9]XHW)/2Q


M#3+@1JJZN@A2C_LKFA.^YPZ7AU#
=P9N

&XP%NJ7U([DG%73S9:9ZQ/\Z]
TF)T:[M/_V
M:FJ-L-\:_LK&SI9J2BAEZG((F?_?)8^]W+_DI?-UTA).I]4MS%G3RCP]I

M!N&JO!



X/(;9TLBK($':EU



MG

M





$./^HET63AU;
B&K3Z\C]INZZB0OM=S





M9TTIW$(.+'XT=:VQ#W


MVNJ]SLA;\E
K

XZIMA*;K6)$


M$
1DYH#QO+SKW4_T_]
M@@76LQ^'
')_=G^AY+]!]3=:K@871487Q58P2/:E_F^ +U6[*B\E2\@(ZQ=5

M74TT94

M9T-8NJ)W)W'!OI/3G3H='?=&HW4'


M:N]A=C



_
-10ED0V?;U8A22T\
2@OT;E[)QR

=!?%XW A(&ZH(X'8*01

$5N
MEHS["6$R5

M5O2QIOT;$F^^G0_-_;AVL)6PPU4 LF6)Q;&
8J2S4']$CLU+ ^16X-%/20RQ


M[!OQPW)Z0;

C\R2;B(*S+1K





M#\3$%X50=R$ (^HLIQ2^ 3*=(=CZG7.1'(OX(CM
#6-^-7C/NJ3L/ (@!-M.
Q^H@FD_/1\+:YL:-V9






 QFF
M\(+W5I *0\




_O[J%8-&4JKDGY#
M_ =PW1AGO.4U!?A3G+[V?YY\LNLFU



8^=E7;Z$*8X%+RPG0/U;7JJ8)'6U
RZJ:YL3MC+L60F
ML(JC5%_#.8XQXICI+V=S.%RCJ7 J3C_:M()8=;A:99U\=?G!4OV(L H%<?;Y
M?;* ;@.Y40<'[/WCF@#\MDT0W]+1E3HG5WNO+'GAI'U]L<&JR=O//X&.2%V
M.A2T#S]


VWSN7 +D;GAW



M(NM0+I2

M(8!&'P



M0NR^/\O-)XW-0:7A[Y?AW)F7-+(V=+E(1.12GCW3XUSV_Z\D0_3'6+=IQ//
MA.@;\NY,79@6FPA+SYVE\B4B$+-4^W&82;%*9IK*CQO4K47R+N/[T:LJ)[1




MRQ;4_/

M;HXRJ4F

.
M&??NM5B3(]&ATKAF-L
0\(%@+@(H'WJ1VL%*=]8\Z'E^W=Y.[:O3=R-48']J
M.ILJE_B#5V272G]7_V.&Y3_EFTS+6KALJ4H%.]MPBW (I6LZ=)!AB8%6RYGS
MP\5O8BGGDO5
\EXQM)^\!;A

MV$=GQEHO+M68'Z#XX*)@^N))!!ZL._1B9!9A=L.JSJM@J?%R4RKES16R14G3

9#/


MB
Y\4O6*R6.!@@4&^5G=KDP]\$=O)=7Q7[-.

8HV.D($M



_N%AFAG6(_&([

WK9;@00%)O4P+IL



^Z-:HUHQQQQ]SC[Z^/H8



M?H3:1_G)HZD%T'0Y9#VQ$E(T0S
NZ334;D7FM-!R.A$V^.I


0-TA_0Y]&?N@3DA&*58']B,&\
MN V_BCU%=HLZ3X:GT/MTX2@J6&O%U@\Y3HZ.?:] YA3Q_VX%C41)8VRWPEU,
M9T]Q6=A5TU=K%N,]=DE@.FD=%%DVZY;H[WE\%A_H;]DYFU]XLRY:[(YTLK?

KY#

M;

FXK2+=$







4VD_$4.D-]UF^WE9AN'U




5)OL3%Y/JX


W_!7#=7$^8K83QNP;#-6!546A'&UGW

MQQ )]&='DQON/OW 66GV?L40L&8P]*F+UE?8N(AX-FE5B5 @_U(+NMJ
#AAR


MX.$^Y

@80:E QJS2+I_'






M7 


M6



MT



YG;MN-!X

+K(A<W?OK_=M)3D^1.^K]
9F<%

M&._GFH5R%&D9U/J?.S[D?\J]]!TCB.V980-^***\IC.T=(6558=DF#5Z'@B_


BJL+Q8JQEUW7;.W[X$UX

9O@6N^- N6.781.
L8'
MS$!13%E#]K


M'&UF!&E46=VO:X@\D)GW'I;^J#-.Y!VYGHSF1S\VKTQ7) C!3SIH/N?L*SHH

MJHH_T3?C%J21$)\W.*DD0:N7'HNW0;:T[)7FQQU8/$HU XD2@B02V]G-P:

 Z]RDNG



A30Q

H92R5=F0QC2LT<\\BUP;^B%I6R 7QEBK[*TP]B<EG&/B%Q&N

^;^5&?88RHJ
4A B?;
MMBJ7JLB4K0GD%ARA9%


 JFYM=



M@?*








MMOG$HZBB#*T:@H6\
2Y$VN-IYG*;:[F*:JM+O





_#UD6]=CHX&?UZ(TOK&C_.


W+

<J

+IOT%HZ9P ME@



M1:A]=



MVUHLLABW=Z6;G[(=?3$!
\O1%A+1(
TQ#X&

M\!)FD  K?.L.[[56]FA-3SEUZ3H!


5;A6
;VKL4WF@&F270.X





$1-#82L+M
M0


M
HMC%[/
=[U;MO)4V&W@6+D'?9=Q1
C<F9
M0[GC$DI*WLS5=
V)U0Y5.DS '\Z]CIR1BWRSPHHL
?JX?2_71V9HR7B\I-)4
M:RRD^

-S*


M7G%_2?'0
ZKNC6C;$T&


Z68X+IJ\IB]QK(4^60LPNW^&2%B@P_7NVE
M[%'[:A[S#J.Q?CT?18LZYZ?58$9^G&
K-3U]\\9D-K$=0]S$.;*'YEK$IVNA



J_[20F
;Q$.'K8[T,)C6-BTZFE#5SX2R<(T\WC2:


M


AB!:2GUN7=PADU T@ S]






MSGEMYHR3(MW+@B\L+%

1HI4%(2#[A


M] Q2RIS?@V3 1@1YHG\.XGS&\HX[:'BP7


4#7N7YMF]'-@]ML0[:8APJ
(\+96R

_(M4BX061=E
M]#'LY\D=#?ST'B9OWO9ASKGX-XTV=EN3&]VV/3ZP[.P;Z'#CPOCGP)9K0(OP
M-6!^ZQHPVEV

U7 






) ]*G6(\
/CCKJ&../:A2MT$@V6!MC'
]GGB5%&
MN
1S]R!
2+'D);#H@L9J8%Q5.B1C*X;_[-_T.)7#UW23^C+28+UFF*__N)


LU(/^[R^H7
M]XM#2'DF\V$]P8MU#5POS.#,^_+HD8M[&U51#@TVG.I^(]EI&173CE+XU=X-
M@A;95X&BCWY.KU;U/-/H$3V<$CS+-M5_].N8<JOXE;N8L.RZ$D?_YTFVA!4S
M :H+W-FTJ'#+2JDX&Y?S)#RN
V# 3YZ@V._V364O-49]&0DHNZB!$=@=='-



MK3


MM!Q;&(+ZI*-\S@FB;C/M^P


*_H?5

M0ULUDU

M6;ZG*C!_/9

&:;E)Y%

MLTYW8$+VO!9




A[3MZ9








XOCJKN
K

I#W?/E-2NE'M
]1E&BZVP$_



I?




O(XIPK%H(WSB;3LQ(XH6+B-,3]9FD2KVJO_<&*;IRB*))WT^V
MA%0C-/RDHC))QU0$*^6[^$EM2' V@*VB?DJ*E6UHIE])QUI#]C'E(WTQAM[
MI

%K95?@^

M+\EDA725B+FD2JM;SG6BQZ3?6(/+L*?[CI_57FBD3#@&O!J?$ 'F;!4'Z^DT


) [4V(
MV\%!$.X7ZO[+AG$WX1^^)OV'7_ZCL.]/6VC_:.H?I7W_32S\E_!*^T?KNK2!
ANKL4)4

6@.
MM+EUDB#-2MRN/36MXMAGX_+&


S+PRW.


PPEFQ 6'5*''NI%_]T$BH


M3DQ=G+J_\
CSF.)J.]F&#E
M?5ZKJR.=.N27*P /D;QO.=J$ 2E)SZ0NH!@/9_00T9&Y9!]-:JJEPG9IW?
M&!%\BS^C[_GESR9V(8:BU
P9U%#;Z2E?M=(IJ.YV7R+9_FPPX;O(\
FX.6@@
M/X\YSPQ7D @1LVF?E1D]$4(:1$V8
E3(*PAEPYV4885%%UC4U5?!U$=+=Y/_

:1#W5<;63OP.I!/EKQ[3@9/:P+@X1.'W3SA2-T-


MW
$!

M$=\C(^?ETW:;-0ZGS[;_



M:Y



M;8Z\@IB

M/PTA5
4

)@?UM?LO-/ESL5#T&[I_W@_D:HW=I
M\]8K5E#)BWP6Q3F2CZ\!#O(L&K2H-4?'?RYXJ
A2R-4;2MH??XSCX%RQ;:M&

A$M[P$+EO<^J[5@GE#.1








_S

A?4]'R!.]O2L2%H%P1NOQWOJ





M8INGQ-%LNZ(X*5V4&18H'Z3^@@(]&O@7#IP.QU; BOGMW_Y;H8^%YCXBW(
?M1)-6.S51;Y4K8)KV
M,NO+F+_8'1K/J;6]F9Y$VGX/@K@OF_'JL^I?3P4
__:
)-O QYPW$


M+ZC;@'+[R^&
 ?0!WE+;Y)IV3X]Y62JFA2 
0E^2^_:O 5^'@ZX!]_Q\FS?U

QW(.


Z(D?
4^N2?CNLOI[H0B918TD7:TIIPEG]H;'2W//

J:)I9H&-+:NN&5;EBVP&M

MJ&8)I7,VCH5W/5%A6Z]U4/K$[V=G0BL6&(R;@O2Z?'4C;(ZPF03?KE0BKW


M_P]O[QT7U=*EC;:BDFE LB0!)0E(SK2 9



@0S=D.QUZ:8(.%VN
M%!//:GHWI&]-(Y/.A!H*7/D&$.RZMO0'+'E:G44 ).T=3_5 @;TC8;5E1E=

MZ
LN-PN$YMW]P.6NE0 *J%B@M-*J-?=%/[




MA_L;X<9[X1;9O10*Y'*J!D-MQ$0K'C69#(K9(?A4;U[T3KPHW-B$SY81FGT



BAZ1FM7VK_Y






ME5GSV




M+QL%76976%PJQ2\./)PVZM_-;9PY3U',,/^.1=RA98+D !:#:!*W;$DO:+
T=[ H^<TN9BM#F
&:O
^RCB7VNT'.I

PM*]\)=NBB\KW*/M

MS()]U5(?UH]&^?P@


&GN*.4*

.*QEXOEZ'3B^WZ4W.I16%L

')8

5N*?6'
M
AC#B];CT


MXR=I$(T^UBZSND]8@TXV_\









:H^9K^4UH%%M&S2



!*BFVKFMDR0N!?;T:%BQZ67%S+%@
M
38BHHA][2<3M$_-6);L
MHHBY3ZY\3*EY[8!\=F@:UL!E)

M[+-Q+]_#Q' LQ7UW!QD*NF$2^_Q;$]_74^EB?UP%;M@/0]SF#6]97VJ8IK F

IH


(X$2JL]M^1UM+V2JH8$Z6!
MGI8(74%P7Z8O(TQ%;SG'J1[? 


M 5U;G6 ]K
Y7/U-;FW

(^T2SFFG[Z]^P
M FO=D:F2G0@0OCE&8SF['6:AD7O8C2TV.NUR9^%]( SR#+O=?B19\K:9

#5QIIHV8G'
M)+JGU1=+(!=3)


 'P[BW




MY1P9SWV;
#:[EK3=+Q)

AF%7W!K\4B(V


MZ2 #2?27FS6EC
&B@3NLX4SBA/

6:H9]3#5

 :S


M*1O10QM@+AG+PKE.X6Z'LVT3L/PT\LO0@ ]+70LZ4XU5?1$A-EWH3@X]%
MV\]*G.IL[6PI8Z.3DO ^FN)^O-V68AQ-QQR3\
ART]\&U/? V/






UH
M'[+FV'C[O'4%KR3ZY4SJY2;HA#A/

M 5Z?)AQ8^Y2B 













C26$_.(7U\;4A5!])MK#T;=B&.,])GI7
?&)3
M
&[W;&:8PQ19)U1@2Q.R#(.

91
0Y+UQ*#
M^2TQ\O%GQ+*Q PH)LIEB2UG(QUM=8O'K84;/-X[
%6#TXK6CSVPJ;!ZN39SX

MJO$#4%F1::+TN'BKY70FQ/PKC7C*HT/!LSQU2#OF2I.(9PHE#*?.!+E7N+0Y
M__/JZO*.*L/RJ3SG!9T=WS';LP[?V/VQ(HI/?[7'_&R_T7[U^ALL)WT\GF
M0?DUW_C\ON=%5
='SN[N2Y-+S0HBHBR&!&5'[';E9;)W5:FMG-JS/*8A9Q


[$3

F%








9A499SYJNCAVMHZ\U*

ME\OPL%A23@MWU0]X0V?I#A#E=29_55CO2S]%H+P6K2V-%3WZ*=*L&!3NR9ZG





-A+3322NPIK])/PBDK65*5<6$$X*V.%YJ!$R8-X!#5@!9&1[O'H7RVPF?)
MU=0U'4QW,3T5H#^7R! R#L.M4-$\@Z5HIT0#<8WIFEZJYC?F#(NOA=#'H]5



M$LI.-
W:?D!.:R(7PB5#_X+J1Z/Y?@+\KTB:RVY*
3ZG*=H?H^]/]D *


NLBD$/*G_P[
M]F[N4U$+4]=[H

:F3%*)U+3\LA3SECV+?Q';5.M%


5




=B&/75





M9]D((1@A.+Q5Y=?6ZL(

8N3


99KNAP4I3+BN.(98*



M
# HK G!UG0/




J


MK[ 3&W0?N6@%N;''W(L





[@@Y


V''$!]T!XR5
MP0FV H3&X75(-I







G7 ZT*X4YMXG7VI+ URX43VA $N)S3D7
W&5F-R

U




&%E?(+6D)=D6E2
MV
L6\-5Y/6P]U&T@R&;U4N  ::4^E L%QAS9?#7?6C6G6;^]@=R1!PLE5O


$S(XBKC$$[




=Q]H8




M\?8M!#AC3

2_93\P
V?G'*5S

9.L!DM!Z_ND$C2K
MK $JZ29D.J%8]DY


MY/UR

;%RFA:(Y;F
M80/5473S$OF@VU*W&B7Y,;W^H'5%!380O#AQBOWT<RL%F
SLXE5F9G6[5?-




C1YS]/4:^FN=JP
M41B;W

2FDI/L!%.


M


;X
MIWS\P7[G
M+ '

[7/F&9O7 0L-'\^)?HQ9T O*!




*)'?&RR1H9=[KM-=/!).J#&%&_Z0X;??!

M.UH*K&]0
$+CU
/CBH@\7^N$*H^ZI& =IL0M7I/S7-





%? \8#M/[^


/9R:EK1Y


KS_)';:B;/[D9
I_3VMQQPM _=[*3(L5.ZC
VKS^8@B=S;B&WG7
M0E $&3PMAQ@_K8TN75C< 8T5D9Z<]Q(_LAY54-7% #-$!LU@P%^((Z!R=


$UAOD

+H&.8U


M1MTJ

(*G!ZLIUE;5E
M0S8KU97V#&JF@9I40

M*/'UV#_^_CT




ZS(64
W?^*B::I E]



33X8V 5+ 9;H7#NC-[


M=H^#:-GKW4;F_JKS'S(K
U ?NG3^1'%S
[(-6IP0IXUBW5



MIIEI3:(T*(7
165^H^

*V:9YGM$


F5R$^9!=DHUZ4-UB3I7]QS M


MGY%'4RQ3;XHMAS*N
[^FG4DT[ES9=I.&3E7(?73F07(!AXKI879P#_!RW:5Q
M)WR;L]-17QK +6F=E@P.2RV3OD9(%PS3=2P5&'8'.E*_'3%_53E4.:

M]+Y'!)]:V5='A@=0(VZ$8MVT%S^D'D1=Y+CD@2=;SG&G6MPR90)I&4$K40]S

L/J2
M$IJ11\ O$8S^;W]T0?)W* 
)++M1\

/_5



N6C[+]OJ;ZIN\3:C'TR//YTAPNI9#YU'?!'O)8P?
W-K)E#^3RZ<Y%+=<8M (]$;6\[)T+O:5RVZI1ZL) 9DFJ
 !M
M36GS3;?=MLN;4 G+T3198:S^_ZU6P-^U4/27*[^_'ZR6_]6SS+]/W./B)NBN

6)5UH
M



MW0.X95)%3)0B:RIS#YI;SSPRM[5_:NW

MUK^8N*
V=C:*)Q#*G&G*9D6''./N!A
[AX%XJZ;-KO;BEZ[A0!.6SZL\;6F=
M]#;3K+NFE(D.DK/'2VXDELT:U(-
6*A;5]R&ZBH=WH^PSN=M0EEI-(JZ=)$
MJ!543!B9TJ5[MUP^;%


K@'$'_PF&2Y


MY9K_
:']&27?H![VTL
%YZK]'A!K=-UV6Y#X?38):CY]L!4U




M45XEL4
+RW
 *Y6U


M@.(\4+RJ/3V8V#_8*JB7]_Z$K

W




?RM\

4.L
M<*VQ<()6?P]HRGAPP3=__@6M3G=Q['U75WJ47\@+7E[F<HRHO[N]21)H)
^

MR+:*TC^6%/9SL6





E8*0D)XF5B6J#XQUK2W=Q0F4



88I
MS0!-T)%H:#B.*(R\M^

M3X?@4E'$U]Y;UJLF

LT


5IS$^C

LV4939#@_(TU3LP19$JQ6EO



II?M

-Z5(1$8SJ8V\A
)8_=MS;..
M5B%KH_:9/UKAK=XGI-_5//@\'NRGG8B$GB_OY:X+&#3+^YV8YF)E*:ZXY7*(


K?%

MT63




M8&42MS%&567-'+
_32]5WAF]

MQN+LA-?E;BGS:^$8JA'0!;N:_2V1HG)F-B*'G7$%VZP3LET.YLS?I.FNWNI
M
V/ )KS8\)=KB?CF'2Z6AIH3V'?0666YS 

MAD)_1L:^I1;]JU9UFDA*(9_8YY:UTEEV250MLGM)8TX#K*IQT2PD? ]SM_M&


$:C=DS;_]_;!K[?2C.;[.RRAUZ'#)=46_[G.LC;E2?19?)XBUU
M8

M[XCVG









MX5CAV

X$W8A\BLM36#=05X8AB


6?E5H
M-T2&1@UL^KR%S4GBV8/1C0F'WL7?%)QU%2H]Q05I:%0GGS.]0VUO4K.];O








M@*OK


^4PS[R27 KN#8^T
M3NJ

 \HUX\GLX_*,^
M@4U;=]!MFH(CR6VF_/0J'91PY/:&G=\)97N+TQ?67$F4BH/K0VXD];!Q&@+D
FTK
MNR3]54$6

MEVX
?8LM=*TV.7X/V$_@JRIVT[Z[3$


MF('_] T?Z]]$.O[MR&7]^1
9]X 4DTND_WS[O_WM
MH2,#_W5J\[_YVW]:^C\M_;_P6^_!B07W)*D/.\SL1 ?@W;N_?V_<?^/0 DU
M:)D$PL.E4G]-%W.;ZF!C5M
_M^[T2F1W48]]:Y!G$\8Y\+B1NBMAHM$JIRWM
MPD
J8J^2B\=4NMHT#!L@0/-,@.SUQ7KKE?#L:5)X7LC;5[B*$CC;IS0^;@\
M?D0^%=B^&PDM*H/$QM/%#/5-5L,P;KG80=ZK3Z[ZH# 9XSJU\:YT)[
IKT8
MAE*F]EG9N@7




J-)TWF1] )U_2T
/ES+X


ML'L/2?R:Y71S.$

M^=LC

VX1R\




=+)U
*'NE+:FZPTX

M$&DV0#86BQ&66
)@X=WI%RR$'Z];K %IJ 6!2[F'?C4Z2\72ZF

MX&A&-5-=VP\1^T_J&/*5=.:$2N%3XK=$&G.ZD%C6;I.+FHTDXD)5Q]]:E0$8

S*U.7.GHKUQP*

MLW



MFU\&[RV[-+B



M;C$]/I8)6RD3$Q^ZM&PW



K=KBR^





F

M4/=-4'6 !J=1



#NF&JJL&$6]8FK4#RK
^%O32^FUA5

9RBEL(4KHMC!
L+XE7.B824ON';\[R@8^25L\4HM:X3W$W

=D0(_H-4@#' B
M/9BHM?

2&DD\;VAX_.#6)Q(7*L'
MP37X]S36Q=)\N;3J(GNN4^.ZH;
!:]
1L9CL/OFUB7R8EL:OC#4K]APYKWOX
M512Z# \H+9P^4=T0;BZ7R/V\[)?N65E - 7'?3J52*9MU0*[2.(S4S\G-:P9
M4U




M@&


G



*

M$V] =$4;86%NUC067[+2=Z%-%RM9AFJ LY_ 1)=U_UUSQ\X0]L[#G)QXP0:Q






+WM)@EP



Q7+_:5

;UDV4









CGU]?


-BNWG!@ZV*

M8P1FO52=ZV2S6RD&V)[(R@K;P%8
H

PK_








H&X239$LS)J^8$Q^K3=P#Y$+7M7$UP)42


MHLMZ,S-L[VH$S\_BW2E05&/F+D0&E5(
Y%ZH(I3Q7B)Z;+-D/F5J.ZZ&O'




MPBW5\=H#+[M\)JWU4RW^##S

ML:(JYN3*ZSP+)

MA9/$DG^$!X?? R8EJU?+C=/3V)B8AH#WU27(;27@X9ZR)-#Q8''=S #X]4
MTM 2XBU.%ORU42TKAZF&BC=3#X(K




M3G&[S\&4

%HPQ/







HY#
MG

[X.(E;+[%*(ACW
M$$:GJW:7E:CSP^0[LTFBUMIP.%\W1 4HJ7=$(J:6_TMC47.)!VM066=X[.Q


MI$#LT/7MH48$%S!@2=U02=XK2]+)ZW886)Z6P21[X57;4D29QI-7*54G;R

M
!RM THIYR+W )]$B=2O=\\;Q[7X4+='Q%_5^\318368#UKWO[406X-C773-


M U)F0%77Q(.777$5)!U)-@G@@_G(!*..H*#\X) \;6
3GM7(;O4-C()%HXS@
M#_ PJ6I[)94\+X[EO64;1G:-QDA;_+;5;4WTNOBH(R(N\
MH0K)&04?@EF-N

MAN63D69*G



^(*OU-6%3X

4'B.3N8:@.Y




2O57CBJ+
MAE[H294WC(&XB/



:H&6Y.]49K= T3Z(%R2M&FR%B\VXBB




<!<N)N9B3U*^A8D1!=%4S7[[8V7R

M)UP&+36E.^@=C$H?0$N2-ARBL(Z8C.C[J:O'Z-D^&%HY[AH;H2FZSI/#:JA1


+!/W50OC(*?

MFSL0[HY=LQ@DHHWNJ-QB(W4._Y4M+DZ^ N5IR!/A?

7):Q\ATX')5;(H


MCF5/#DWE3BT*K^4K%^'AI@[X3\^&
?!TXOH]6#*$PVM='Q=3 LTY8[,*)0G
M6 :TU0]NLTIS'FM+'&I4(W_X(O:%_6XPDG^=9ZU6U:K&@]PY^'!KY$);-)9#
M3H*[J-['.3.,Y;).1$1Y9ZKS01QS7Q1H7YUG1^)DP]$IY@M$(GU$/67?:D[

M:[#L6]O?&=Q5EER\-;RZVU$;9?&M

!)@RK/H_7 D:H4#-AL;MBO[(*


M&B6



MKXW89GC:56,%H13M*-&R*JM.S)H.YH


 ZK*[L1

0
(TF1;


MC?KJCCMR1[$S


AV7-JVL91VT&6!E@1(#HL
MV9XO#5SP2@O!$ V]1N'BN0M_J<,F;X_B@:Q9C;:T[4GZ('9@+9GM6Y(W<P'

M5M\K^SBZYS
2^GXN.P'5 J0RAR7G7




M[XIM1KJC*&I0A0W3\EDB@[4]&VN+]IKS^BPPV@F6 O$L-E+DSD=H;\VCPJ


XS;
M8IF8:Y8U<N9,^N=I7E5R+[8Y?/D@WS6MMMM;KUY72@H51!




C_3(MSH;Q0OFB5^=L,N.70%O
[9OQ'$?75*

LXY ? WM0<



N8
V:*N%ME4Q =IV*+M!7I

MDV7#UHRS95W;&'@==DJKYV\U?


\2H$40WE;1.8EC)B

M%C;SDI]

ME;O+VW&KVN8F@1K(3DS26$NZVU=ZCLX:\Z#!;@=!
:Z A_8_ -MQF('(@XP5
Y0<5VGW*B]JR%/IMB&E=;O^\MU1ZHF[S-LVE'R-XU


M.IW3PJY7%&L
3L

MS.Y

Z0






M+


) _^@.P5$-MTIL<UQP)-L56N)I\EAU:+XLE%DK;EOG@<V=<)0]#GE;
M.

MV9I'OC7DG$







MW(C'UC=42[@?

YELR%XG;
/(41*N@



D(@TUNQ[ZM]XB)1*9Q\.COVQG=OI
?
MBIUW8



2ZOZ@8C!R\'W%T
-XJ.4

FM.
RM*@C^=KPK;E[B@RP

PTZU9 VB*N8AG@

(E&_P5^E#LRN=7P:VK?Q1?.VB\_+E'*I%OF0

MI!M
HUYMM6-!GVICECD/$=/H5'8O6_Y4I3-4J/B[-J5V[NU/W;HM-#6A3\84


%$





M(



QES&P5KI

MOS#LR.U[MMQ

T5#C.\M6+

MK?Y(L944] MTF)1Q74[]#R
* %0Y]SO@M.] UX
4C**/OW-A NCT3MXO&5SD


Z$/&TWTLR( $X9WAKX


DB!TL-


M'JZ].#S_&$1!D@K\_XY@.I]8AS@=XFQH_%Z7J.W-?PJVBAYFN5:E'1D]91E=


MC5^'3L;

!0UC!5T2L70$JSD?4H!KZ?3Z\'U2/3E5XR5IPDXHPAB2?S'
MV0]!K*J;6 Y=7<LNN);CP7[8^@ C

MVQK@WDW.SL;(L8-#TI

M_4D]_-R#X$'9A
$8 6JHM*X3#BFMX$:-'_[?D[O+X S2\YR6L& S5.IM?2Y/




M+JI4N.\#NLX

MV2^U\.&W/J?*:9H6GQU9$V1_!VB 
5C
RWVL)K.+]A978&4V-[BWZLKO6)31


M@\Q1X
=[<1
M)-S(]'^W</L?K Z$RL]R6R.+YPX$SC5':M/('XT4K: (/PF?BB&*M/U6&]:


MI1U;^-F!MD



M]XS




KWWRS

E?THL\]^ U%+A$WM7Q)DI&@?
:=F+=PS/

LCP









!Q%_

M9;'+UTH


[8L/V@$%4!
9WUBWOE:F5O&@)$)C;L$#[C1*'%D$K7V_O4W



+I*9J
)%F.G#.9[BF59


5RHD3PF2)0&*:70G?HC5MNS4E

MCC7Y8XE

!O7.N-Z^#;1&+F
E:C62GS)@AU1A6NA\JYTDI+#P53^Z8/.8-



.]=+8KCOZDJ.E\.E*]@?\JH8$AOD1[!#Z

M





M)



:BT-\AJ$QS?^IMW!]SR'1[7!@UV8H
MA.PGH87IIPAJ05-5NI@
-934V^CUHA/&.*7TZ3B

M%




M*$M96NDE-GOVH%P6GZ6DHNNC$#.J=\=$8W-;O-2DU;2?:@&Y!'29A!;DX.M5




MTD$.$!+2OQ8'VQ F-Y1:ET V&BBUO=$FFXV5@+?.^;



M@KM9P+_$:'Z O2XOT'PI\G49M8WN#3L25H

J'[

M'BF5O98EH;[)H)TEYF87JYH.WV&D4WQ+(_7!A-& 6&VLJ



:3

M

 ?



!:%=N<5[FN$O?:/2FK.5$!)1
M5T)A^58V 8A8W;*\&H]JI2^A5ER< \ZWYE6QU#J



N+#M0

AMW6P;N*!RCA3_/X^T!UF6W

M2


G7URCU9K*_*)L+*

Y%'GL?]S630:L=SQL! K%8W]ILE/B(

^/:\%QR#C=.$# 3-;U[
K.XN+&#GHYNQ(KKNA7




M8I_=QT1(5\O3@8?)G2
NBLF[?,AMSG3XHPOX8O B?]?Q5_W8
M3* (U^Q%=O&FN !U5 =TG_MW1M





MQ)3]QM*&]
6B)BZX
;J%:'[?QJZ@R\:

MB@(


M 'S4)R0)MB:A^S0IKUC9R$@+B/'DQHNUOW





#(P
M
3 S
5]G




%!];J.AHCP ;A&@H!*@







YZ[+[)RGWKJL S3[1YKC7L_Y=(O%NOA3




MQXNHVKX2H=FWK


V7^NZ/OM6'I!]<\U/?'?-F&(=KH%=R X&8FF%U'*=F



Q$)CVBH6?V;8$0TP\E=$KH


MITL^F=*&++I5O[-^KJ'^GN #^S? 
VP (O)HF5R


M#OR8:\\PZ%P617_UI*K8SV_2'%N I3 B1CUTT3$
./O8:+_4:PXC?E3PW 1Z



+O.!T__9CZ5;?!R!Z?/B.X4DN_ZV&0?D3R^+'@
M:XQK27L#E&N[?*^G4$)KC^^D;_63/]%-643DO^L2-#-.];:NA
)S;RJR=+;O
M=)VV[V&V[$)&W%4E![EVX@/.(4.T%0@@S-D U8U[IKV^Q=?+]DS1;=\L6!;\
MZ%D
RL

4T^T2CN
WNQA%;AR^SMIC!YP3Z

X
D





F?*IPM%7


MK0@3ST74AN1EUX#%X:5)\TD546[=HQSV]C:6TND[#L&L

M-\TNS4275(K)URUUE939D23C?I]M*7UGN:7IZ9





M+:QVR*:I .+'VP36A_E$YEOA+O_8/V:U#$15&[%Y8_.^TE












!R_428;)9$I9=.R_*W





79IC@7P[T_%





#)WE+F$[FL
=(9JJI7GZX6O-I0-:
OIH^
M*?M-!]%HS @0*DB0/EK77FC(O?T.F.06B]EK!^:B8
@4[;FL%
X-:ITY6CE
M1[$A0TNR

]Y)V

MGS_R-DY^F7Z+Z^Q/3\B+$C7\-
MS#ZAYJEH-=T[UGV..XH6 *-QG:V]
M21V_)._TONG0#+=^T(XU@'/XU8D[KON&JBF/VXE2@@XP6+MX#V@MJY_]:[P
MR9RNE8'\V2&LUNY.,.G0 -YC1CYL



2*+*M[!_
M6/6^!J(9+;:5M*;BOFS.9!'%_^;#-ULJ_ 1?T: P6F)6':N6*%YMG729P^?





5^98-I['+;N]
MJ6P(;TAY3+G6&&']15[[#M69\QE9!,9!+1X0&U5'Q3@R?'!VY2!?\2*HK9^
MO/..Q._1J_(/F
^FT3E/C;US+/[

MDJ[]5UW3)&ZAI7Y9*I-4[C@J^\ZI1OUE26MABY4R3G=[:V+-0\LS @FTC+/2
MA'WRL%T5
GXRD'C44U&.



U*DO+V/LQ? ;U[Y;&I]0=?AQHH&R=6I.<APXC2RS'F!;
M36</17GZ$E[NCH[G#VNFC*ER\1Y$13Z/-L?:.%2X:X%:%HD[7V(YXQ7V%5E






ML8JNU\\0:8_MMT%QA !X[[N@7;[K/YJ#L\NJM49QIJ6\LB/6N1J]
A3OXZ7\



WF]
M1?Z0V%](G4V&^H[D\D/QCA3('70NP%.OWIEOAO_+YU3J_5UIP0ZE!%20_
M*2AW$WA1ZZU=.BDWEB_:
CUE.2!S8A4@YJAVFK$ZA&$;U3Y*0&E%N[T'-D#

.0K3

8K.Z+?!@:D]

+XXNOM@_

MVZ3[?/2@) 'TR*RN
DH3










M[GKN!_E?Z8\ %J[EMQ].UE3Z8K,3M-2$ !JT3_:BG6JSLLW]'QHMV3?D
$
MP
ZNVY-
DXW?Y^.?6P&;#V4+HMS*'MWW[1?/DS(T/$\%Z?A



*+F)2]FAOM%7_P?X!J\$GUPLDP

9@8




M

5#F6_9D*]+NQKND(=/R


M+POEZ2:0JRSYQOTJ9AZY;)\1P
E RP=YI=\'3V^K33CUL^N
[%6Q6I2\-O0O


M! &$EM1(3[!5)6






MD7&;(&@G0&P)/T^N
O22*G
?'&*5RJ;GP_LSH03/39Y!)E/
U0MK+*5(K#
M+H%EMT'[

M




M




.T0=52&

9)9=*'U)YY9;CI()+Y2@Z9^%\$Z;#QY]TV GG


M;=1=Z):66IV&



]3[D-M
ME$GK?A


MMFB[R6LFU3CB\H$3ZC5

MD!J)Q]V


Z.7E_\
G_(=S[V220
?G%O1M'\'H5W^_]/V7^#_%B
1'WO+[2
M]K


M3?6F+CTO?[SO*J#83B(0/T4U/]UDL35W]C2#V[N-#A7=,*_Q-I &










M;:M8_2RN_9
HR57=
CEW66IN'RDS82T7,2\R_3E&,CX,ZS(XH_
M2B)+TR[BRD;!5 \0P-YXRM/;!GL-.[L%D1#-Y+B#.YNT&6




'92
MBE]=EL.;2)JA'U9 R\

9BS)-/-1]+7KJ('.I
M*;G$B:=UKBL9_G+

M=
[3.4\WX51XY1K\1B./46:#.6$T(M%TB(&FPP2VIQ^11!O9$;EZWCS3W\O:

^*
#0U74U;-SUWP=594'Q4JC\S
M-V_'((OFH[/7VMI=JG/(^@C^8

P&?G!P-
M98CJK-0^
Y@R7IID=[:4^**E6)A
C!2FD;RL]EF+?*6NIK6VNC:DFX'A& =_





D.26)W\[J_S

$8!;J_[6_P?
CY 

A8'3N[U;XT/I:O_!<T/H!3
M1]1$@4


;_FSH.S6PPALD:
@Q^N2R[?N&R5&D//

MZ1O

M#HX%^Q$ H



M




^]OW93;'0(HWPF[F:68


MZ_2*%1Q$IQN[?T=L]JWU\#7]

:AUV+5YM


AS?*P]3D%=5W_8+*^V)YK%A7+



X&
Q[B:?JF\@DI3-
M-AT']& T6IF ;SIL!
^(74S:B%5;Z2R_6$PQV8P6TAD5UR( -RHG
N(!_+9I
YSK+=?J?Z@Y_6W.SU!H8]I@X-^ON?VW_Y[1\.D:?]2B3=&K@8'^*<%
M:[]
Q!?_UZ2?=SO3+











M6RF(58/ ?W79L%.WQ?/P\1!!3)[L




MR]Z:M\LGPT=I:)_[H;Z&P8^-L&M;9J?GC:8P[%Z;W/*-:):\Q/;DDO$
15%P
MKW&




M?AM_:7\26W\UR9?H#W^H)8O&+R8T=G]L*;A?)FO46%TUM??&\5S##WK0L7:1
MV.UA'=NC
SGABW)6DQ.&&_$M!%)L EP_Z+X_S#WGF%1+5N[:LH2A!0<E0!D9R5C*@D
M$5I <E+).4,36U DTP(2U*3FXSD3(-DD)PD9\G036R@PVWW/GLMU[YKG6^?
MYW[GGO.CGZ=ZSII5-4=5O6.

=ORQ^K?X.'2
W5O+BHNH!$D*$3T$)A]D+^
M7+.JFF_\T[0'\X[S/ 4*E@VZL6I5U77!]G3O/_VPCO=\V*6U7:O\1?HC*E$
MO5YB- R[I\9!G]KV]D*\/;Z&OVB%5I2UQC$^2 N0H2N_FF5WC]E9]+ ].*

MQO&YKCQBLI.@


VAF62Y#]/P_8Q:_YB W

DTB_7&=MUR=*/KB5-[^M71B_/:^N;S:IRD5ZG

F'0AS CT
;LKS^=K4ZVF79CJ*D]7'9

M7US
SF=_JM:ITW
]Q6?L0E1WS+H9!T!1P;^MX #_7!=V_KDNG(6EY#/%AI#I
M8E'/-DL\I$B

+DG$TS
L&_QNE!U-8M9T.C7B2Y:%H[ANQ)=^P++)OX2M@']
M1&

PG%4J+[I<
11*7XF_5

G%4&V@
M[Q3QVL(Z)?-O ]3'UP]+?$Z_+MQL5+!C-^B*+!(5SV;JR#008;TXWV$*N)H3
5BH/FL.^.4]]\#



(S90$HPEX$1I])#+-8(U0H[6L%;1\LO[9



.8.P)1Q3LF&(\

M^IO KZ5S
7;



!GR

D)]F@




M-#%[;*/BFVJ*25.



MX



M7[4;U1%5\GRI;27QYBH)DQG4A&OL+':*B



MD4:]$Q?YA5 ) #]19S8
KL:E&_!51\ 




M\^3C*-XN?EN)_F;



M^TCJ%J2/Z.!NLMVBF@\C: 7

J-&9&-TS7?56


(-L=$U1L;YO6T+B0
MB WWO+DTYJXAZ6R2Q-R'@^K/[79*[U[3:F)=.N;N[#'D&L_R)]/C64E7I
ME4&KO)YBT-TUT2;MNJ2ID'.^]8KT#? T[8NZZ5-OWIU[#.!^IGUF4F$5!)/



9)AK9EEKM\V
8UQC*GJ1^P%&]Y#X7LEW;F0R#*KHSJ;6B_W
M;0\
;UO8?8(?IK[^@\D'0_=?^U&Y[;]L(_1Q#?G*0XP%*QFD'+GK\*M17
MXFH\KH7@ /*V21E0C$
-QEWNG.1OON;_71SUV%]F_T]_E_XV(DKK5P[3F&7H



 I[:]D^P_[I/8,NP(
M^D7P:F2^LG]OJW$I9RLI]E$9*!?3IAXB\&I;*;)LF

C

&EA@
M-W_7;[4D(PK)]N;[Q34)VQA+DIM;+D1&B=Y)#:=T]@?Z5&TR%3FGHA
I%-
MG!X'H!P![7=PJLWD;




AL/(*/0$_LF4I$COP;#O?


2
V!


M4@CD/TTFQGYU7IG5H=%E'6O 'V &:?JHZHLTZ5_Z[F'-2VPWZ7GJE=QST[!K

AO2#YH^)Z *@BL/;K+Y_?E@9%A

MR2[7


X).8F.QD,/X1+5U

10R1D9*!UF[#J[Y'S_R$AVP]3]0-EITXE^XJAB@[
MT4V8/.EQ
7

K1.N(+3RMUFX_A

\(!ZBB
M/%
^H:-.\U-;AER?WT7FI#Q
HK@$KK*_*Z$CUW'7*G [F.FH7\XR!R&X[H(:

MB!

Y0;])Q]QQ\
MC

M3M X@


MF-TT*VK-8[6LV-/\A
MZ;A

MYBLJ2ZF




H0-3KQV_18VQ
MI

:O40L(T4Y!;G3FV=


GWB(09:;Y(I5W763IN=-T0]KH_OT

MK
 +:(7Q.& V






M\=2^

NWO6MN_:8JGY]-^2^0XIF
6

YOX9G50).[7 *T8U


M_H9G\!

W1O?J00D]NH]$&
M[48 K=^#D<;KN1GA8E=&*5I_N_F<;



M#SZZZNO!=
VWCA(#%716VA <4^UV<CK+V

Z$C7^R*F@Q-Q#GZXN-?





M]?'Z:R/3W?XII)'GE%UNQCEI^5;^]HDT6OZ91/3Z=Q4MG#((J'N
0#U5H29D




M


ENL_\]



VKU)K!/(ABC=BHUZ[ ;R
G&'LHJ
;\^963]BSXV\;+(


'$R@O?FL3J

MVM9NEAES^'D-$SR]H+XTDM]/.T\E'735W9L(';!5^\VS&X19.$TY#!)?@6A
MH@S;ZL$?W*O*1\U:!C8M LP_7S2DK4X4R [J.\V@O]75'47/X0#=^4O
)$#$

MD\P5J1F\.'  O#QF_B&/W-\%JO#+7KV_?9[PKR?Q+R!=5'K3^EP@K+)K]'A.


 =GPL0_.I




ML-GY[QJ





M\FW?]X^'NVNO&
6



M.%E-9#!VV4









MOW]NIR
N^YV^JD?!G2U:T:;8C%

EE!7NE)U=E
MD='ND\5859//D6 ;;PV4$W-PQ?.EUHG@=FE_R.1V:7#.1BPZIJ
-
=H6\S3O
M3L
=19$3&#TZE H'0.FR
.

MWIL%Y

7#;P3_RNS!3LL_OKZ0;_:*Y4(?
MB9$+9-(2O
\_
'ZA

[#W0K(+RP46W7@PE88!4ZY26*-4+BA1_8%/56T\T?V5D#!X8]08ZX$=
M1$W7''KFI^BY82T^ VV<3;CT9D;7RVP=[!#V-I2I6P+7<T2 BZZVY%!WM2
M/#(:-X/G)B+? 9NJQ^R7&\K2I)L=%U5&WT_&T[O_\N(?CM!H;RIK'*U?K
M7G7.=Z[W1 '] (0Q[D4Y1.];O?&I66?X-6Y&:[RCV#T;F#W];!Q@
XO8P2





#G+4H$7
S5

 .
&_#$N]OCWY
TXO
4?^5([


9_L?/

HALHP,5B1S;
MOE]O:(H95T^QZ9K6-HF ER;^<&6AJG1Z/QG4IGN0.^S!^=RVAV64:L9EK6\C
MU3-M2A9UW/($\#*(_'9X8<'F25()58ZZS+03G(W]I\K[K:+[DV*ZTLG64X9

MTVM010N6 6DO_W-CMO&7VV'.FAK17Q7NO#WI=S5%E%3MWR;!R ]UHI(3MWG
M7OH7S,(BP+


.V$/
M.1?DCWM.2J!/4

-A$ OC6!LT2

M'


'E6^I/2

E7
MC/CA'BO[!/



9FJ9?J2-T#:MDGXXL


MLP1!BE7X!E?AL5!^#]CUY/ .&(6.P-;!#PV2

O:'MY*RS
M3;L+(8VTO*S3-)L-&N
Y/V94U5WU#NO5!6DG)V/4\=)_VON



M:FGZHR-M7N1'J*L;50HT7'BB#0ZVCGWT&I:=Z)[ 3!6R;83(GAA!U\+GZ!PB




Z!'DL^6Y;-R]#RC;4]ESDF^C



HG*)I.P=V;FU0Z!QE8LUO2UFD57^
MAB96*[N7!U7#3TZ6.P30(GZZ%[IJTJ_#Z))D%1G%!ZX=GQ(#BZI
8]ZU3[1*
MO


TV/KT579
]7

MG)*
LUW1'YRU^K*\B

$D[(;U#YQLW&S4T#JMBM?L[0

O9%*3\F
?O:6U

I$_]F=^HJ&1^5?UYZ0[O(6$7^Y$Q\J
MVV1-8)G

4/1Q
M' PM


4G CMSJ[UPP+[U






]74OS]R4!4)M3E$WZZ'G:+^Z)ZI-CS@^=W







M:8ZR1+ER-QGV
F-ODK1:/MI



MH
XG_P][[QT5U98L#A\$!0.@!



GYZPU%+Z9WS*377(@\1BVXJ.Y1PDH5?
M':<FZ'J..!QZ-8*+ 4RQIRFP4&%Y]4-L+EPF



MEH-O
3_&+[$_9D7I(__C?-\3T


4!IN1G4
J!_=6GX9'D9X82'



0/&8$/S1&'
PN\/_/ETG]V-=
MJOY[8D;L%7D



PML95[#A6(+BTU@[ZC1H*Y:_VU
M&CHWV' M1GWNN0PMXQ
)U?!Y-.]8!JGCITD=2V*-YXN3%\F6D0'EX/G/Q'
S
MPU0%T*0O2:KDCK=-=_@3-B;]K1W7#-I1*^0O)QWKM-937A80#S]Z J;4=M:H




MZSK

O3%(\6
&7!(P<7
[F/Y[1 TSR/-Y

7.)Q7DL/4JX
ZF5:]F-D'#[A6[:4D7C24LMWFQ0YJM.RDWQ
MFY1BMW9
TB4*6)C
AN+4DT??7%$S6F CU]

M-5R(EE0!!O)OLFMX*PDH7N!4G.##IGS^& X5NJW(OIKL*LH#[F4WG/A8;!



*)(V#_;GR(E4D.:4MCN<LSYB/51EV8O^

2
M=X+AI5UENE!H<ETKK#Q_*_VI\I4T=5HS#NA0Z&J:]L;6N;D$&^KF$(**GRX
MAK[XK:G F^F'E(/P:UTT3

MU)*U@GE$R!(^G&CJ$+M


M$5AT_/A*+LQ)EP/^_NGU(QIM-.SIG
HH!%+G=K&ORV:G%7S0J_)29
2T;.-.
OH%LF8XIWO:!6!
ME3:BED4'85;[-.QO#<8#@




MTP++%36NZJ.$K%'/-(AQ $F/_R
5K




M[]?=A
%3<49G5'H^H![*+H-]P


UMB[T;69G#:\+-#[F'+DNKW_5'KY_^^C6H95 ?YF9
MYA?%R@X+$?G]HT3/CK

O/











:?%)7HVYCG)+*]9Q!2] )=W




M$\@6@@
X$UF2=WK$DQPO5$S2.#.4ODY
W'Z41:!6$BDQ=P+LQ-RR?'1#/MRE

^M&W)V
MNUI:(:A\T2@^?RH/A.Z;-U-I]IVJOC9/;S5S6 1_.!8PPBT+Z?CXV8!J2
J
M8D$S]:.JSL+*\*V(:[+G=ITIYBC,0^;: ^@?-ZW@




X62VU!

MB3M-0I@'Z)5N



\=0E
M+Q$


V&@=0U=5P*K2MSI2R
M2)H)S^?)@1WJ
!-?







M*AVK)$L[^%5'RT[(D$73C^Y4&W&C#;_#&B6_XX =N+2S[FN.EQ,Q#_BTC3


AVN E/10OSE)2]B85#
M?F&NE\W




**RY69=KA#LBD!/PJ@6M




M
+
S^







M5
$S]T*4WHN4ZS&#X%VG_F6+%1$_OFKG4G@:S

4J[F9=X55Q




1&X 

MSYH739;FYY\\IXSIB+?+=CQ\2:YYYJ!I;UGLQHK2$\3-!M8B /RMUP (OJ
MW1XQ

M(#C
QI:_2.Q+7A'E!Q=U\

MT[2QUSO$#&


)*9T


.R5J%%6PGKXZ5JF-:2K^


M2U_KKF2S#



F()\O]XVSIMX:M_L&KYCE4T6?0H
VP3EQ;$XEMY,UN!\ZX.D372FNN QZ?AXX%


*5



:;WWY\I:'JR 2DY9@IHYU7MM\[1UQ6:(H@M6=-CTD





M.O2EKL:7@\*7Z^R





O


R:S

M7X]WRP?RO; 0D





MI ZXK 9_'^IG^SZUC1^?^O!J5XE$]O9C[LF34YRW



E$

'W-#CPTO3+#C@
M1
[3QU$JZ+WBM)!M\^$AY@W! R@21M@\2:^%H5FT:3 $=BUH(CCZLB_2@)P+
M?F%:6_-I[=BFW#:&$W+81C'I5A7L@/\(DKZU;/KD)]@(*PPIB1^+#-GK3X;8

M=L&XR#A=#OOR5*C-$]G

M%TVR/VZY_5Q*
 !V3(3H@_6('4$=H4=W2=XA'9IWF:4-U@?32H2(T50A:.PS


@)N#58.AR




M(@D4$H38G0MOPS8LDZ/75WHPZ/SH5A?WY_:&%TTLG /-8:3S:+XQ=AY[EZ)


MA8FLB

M


PH9<2%G^5=/W %


_'27SEN)=N+TK




MM_&7HP4^F







3^Y[]=TXN#@;(AB(.

M_/V#_\Y^?PJ8O(L7%I



B+ZPZ[2XW
MO7F) Z@





PQAX_Q]U=:DH'VC+-;S6:TF




%P.W&.$]
M)+0#T[=GD/[WP_*KAOV

MIFX0=N%.4:30HP^1@MG9V^MHI2&?E+CABN29D-!-O\*AR8LA?/-5+!(;YHE3

K_+ODN
0/
ZM&78EQ$/

X%Z7LM[^=P[^*5)

MZOHR+$&((!SPW Z_3I3K?UNL4^ZB^:$U$N?REM4C6;@+3MJF*GDSZ](=?=CR


MD)





D5O



MPQ6V8+-K#'(Q)'8&@\NZ+XH^GA[5+5625?](#OV!TXAS;STFOB0M%=ABI&5S




M@] 


NQI6@).
MTSKH7O'+ ZUU\^YNPE#)7FU68I\P\P9S(*P68@FTF?0^E#W180#6HEFVU(L#

BMWO95T9ZP)Q-+=HU\YF/;')7@NR/F




M0*5_K_'(3PE+%G^_Z?SEP3_@$E$3[AYKRMWC&.3H+/ @=/.O0]B@_2SKR59Y
MH



M2O2/'.#[=_9*](OPC$/









U






_.IN3375(:LQ
ULZ822@Z_J(I;\&L_\[G^4^:$3.


//B@DM5CXOK&8Q#VV2R$:](#\$U,\E]^ 'G24M#K@9GD
MEM?//7WB#=YJ_+UN^*UGG4E4_SEMCA ]Y )$@.Y
#*$IH(A\-;YUI& M[)$

M4%^4Q@XL8!
J:(

MFI1;Y:J/-26T$7IX]8
MJI581]I&T.!


!)AW?%J=:2'B%9O0D#!LUN?YS&\RK_C
8N^E!?]3


M



MPO3.J3
&%DD3Q-=JN**/'&.9X*1OY&6



M##)4S?R^JU/=HSEG]TJM9U-D#T;H=I,^?K$![_O?51T?(BEAS[ZW]TO.E*



99.9M


M1KLB:E0-(*SJEL:GS+BB933!WS)3SA';B!)+/I
[9N;J9I1BR$C_*
469F_+


(H/T P



2


M[9Q_&

M\/O'7TR+CPO)7;+(

M7@CB(R:HIJ^Y8#


NJIZJZN-FFF==W64L-^
MMKH,#1?VIF1<@BZ3WC8O1U P$[
)=V
C+H-MVR
\BH+6SS=_LM1I _XA7LV
MV!3[?'$/







MC5=3Q-JA2=6?0Q_O1P=Z(/E9[K.K)0H=SH64K3-QJ,.7_&%N4.! V--F+^



M&QM45%'(!MP*S.[AR/T[[Y:EKVRE0F'E7 +E7AFZR@U-J30+@\8BBG2#AUY_


T


MA;F(3/&PRZZ%T)-BF__-PHC
8 G&'\*H*^.-T-
M

W#:K?RB\[-SE/#V6^44.E3V,7L^LH Z3$:XR@K_'
M?R=/3X\+#*M1;0
XK!\$Z0!Q#YJ6-UDG7OTW#
P.A+=2?=*O/?Q(#UEOUC;


M:N6]6S9!3
10_0S

MD0&
G-]H2. YN%^$BTGN

XL+QR&H@F_
MY/@6R(RW%4 X&$7?^BW5.
S-4/\08LBA.U'I8*IV(@-U21![M0W22L!NR
87
MX_AQE;26@C+^?'2^#;N8S(?;J$-UC#G[+)*8 $($D@\^KE$Z4I&M+'K;/CPA




M;5L83MYDHTB(OG:^^J![\6P[:9S$.# Q-R08P

M'
:7CK@2))7
&BO;OQNAJ^OX






3^8
MDW#\&FB]0<.!D=F]C'029+U7M=UBB-#5R3IRU(UBCFWQYJ*AHE\Q1P\I?S,O
MILFG)?'.P41.KXAXQ[A
3NQ\M8O.8\ .YG\]PG&@Y=G+ALWYG/3).[%_/

RGG]HBKS:[8?:+!'+3?FXBV00__VO=

:$FM

VV35\J5NP]0,^6\P%6 6(XZ6 IVO9G!

@TQ

MQM)NDY)6P[QG\'+0GTM:







M?



M1:/)+6OPZEZ?PSA%-$[K@EEU5!4VZRO1;=Y^*JJS1G;TN.
_T9?A0'P\'__T

MBI7K0WYB$^7ED

M/.%5K07Q]
1A
=F]CJ%
H!Q^RY04&R!.(?@_
MOZ'$GA: RFM7-:*FBU&NY?KP)IIW^BD280E[W]KCA1-)=E-X0B_'I.)PP:

MZOLE-[K.UDKW

;5TH@19Z







M]ZW-!

(E0;ZF)O@9NJ6@XXY&4X.IOS1CE(Q1TO#
MMIYUO &G?5N@^*J$NOO!ZXM+V9CQ)2Z71XZ352\5$)QWOH28(PN43-VQ$'



M:T UU-#H&2X.^I/(7JH @X(S3F9O]QBH*E]-^G&5V;0^J8=JJLKJW;TJL*V(

MZ06/__J#.EPZ3W##:-J'NM@/L:JW$K^K:@T;&J(_26J*/
U1H!*]7_?+A0$U

M0&[U]3[#^3/9-PJI'CG 9J
J'LC.DX'HW-_G]%V:0FW#^ %43943GSE!GK
;

M&_N/3S;_ Z#-ZJYK
M3)U!N94YE


M^3


U]0I3


W

DOJYD9+@V73'
.AIQ?$FEV[VP\OUUM2.!\CHMGP0?


^D^-':CM0A2VQC
%PEF@S]&Q'&UOJ8Z3EX
M[75-_R4I%+NR4E4?
)?;L--LNWKE!JKSKB.+50U!S2IRO%^W7S-FSS%LN+W[





VUS3/;$O]5




)%\('[&HL?$''12\XKH

_.J?=4\QO[H?LZ/G_G=]C


]-R/@!RV1\#KT4= L*K8


[UXPC[Z0J[L2.

&X
]
MDQ9ZZ5;QP49PF




]%6A






SH?G+



M*!2V.0J4X:SM7*53@?R$-=D7=



9:OJ4+Y9W21



MBX\6/:5VZ^39 BZ7N9:8X5:8.^-)N\=QRV^(8X.


EU\1

_)@-8
MX


$P)7C5M-64-DZM7%^AG

]7.M8UD*2?RI^RQPJW(/=L]6TCS')- AE^KSJZ
MC'G&-.M33HJV\8OD#I)C)Q8]\HE&?[P

MYN*++C _G++J[]OK[!6B+5-


M

4RN:(R]YW3G_32V:#WP9ZZA.5#U
2T3]^&4+TD@[6N]L(



V9%T)XHN!J&F

WT]


B



M5

MKFS:O4FG^0TBFZQKXP\KV3+?HM]OCR$'Y0K'GA[LZ%



]
 HLI3=5\O96&%_WGL.87




C# D?DJU-&5\Z-.G2^
Z\-5^YI^ZARD%\WMH_:9MN_9A2VT_]'JE.E![6

O%T=OJUM&#LXRWEDVPT#[3S8&%N1QW-RN3MVPN
MKR3KM\IU&E#)H:[W!9L[VRIYKIA_YG0M^0:?R= 0$U+RYK2MK*=O;*!W-ZM;






MJ
\OT[Z^(E+W#'SJI,]HYK:Y[U
MRW;^;E1(/; ISG#M_+WFZ[I14?1RU1^TE-NRB0?F^L0U=X.?N+^I?7QM)\$


MZL/\W1:[K;AC=1(:_G(K=NJ&BR_E^?7M4G0&7U9XA.CE:XOT[XJ/8F.BMKKH








MX^



&\Y-%G:HVH):J+?-E

D\16Y6G/RB-5
6W(QY8+9S
WC-\S9E0ZL#1:

TSG7@XE
M!G-7)CG(R6'Q.7B9BH\O($HEB^# RBL0:)Y]I&\WCFN7]]RN@3'3FF[YUO

0'.4F1N_L2ZOA .P?KCUJIW.Q
.

MFBMZ3=O4YUE!.(#E59%[N?KPR;/2,+=F^6




M=ZX^ NI OR
]
7*6]0)Y/(_:_H#MJ +
MHH6W[CNS?C0IWD&VGJ[VB2H0C#@
MHPDJ4Q&&F68'P^.$R1EO=WHU0?


MK


M S+DV4WT


5&)LIZ32
8WO
M&Z&L^*56&ZI6U5#3:'AQ223 QU-2Q1C;-T-ENU*N/B-?.^WW+N5&



YU#9NL*TSA8_S/V_H%YT,;18U@_V*,8$'4W)T;?V6=7



I-=[]*PFE+2Y)KQQ_K)R
M1-\IE&)+4J \ D'-T4VF$4_T0?WI34?)1[\IG$!D!N3_(EA
ELI%
_
ZT


MBM[
:545:%7CEA7Z?'9^!#T:EW4 K.  A6E]7O6L&#IB=*T_&/;XBLVVS6
G

M@$N5-C
M;]2G$:H1D6Y733^.ZM


@ -Y8$!*EI)]B.HX#I#:U0+B^H\6*[W2

)1JC9FZ((






'+0%TQ[9Z*SP+OWK\IL]]UZ=QZJ=VV







!#&/
?KJP[:DK3

XKA]H/[WSA)U4;1<F7=U?U6)N$3KTKMD!OO<LR
M!GC-\_RG+(H(4L]$7XJ(ER[O

3W^KXW:G?GTEWC+OZ)!WM3??*)=WS!DQ@Z=U
M4YU&&H5
VDH85\-H5&522Q\!.///W/:^YS]TU_[BPH#/^*C$)$?CQ2NPZ)BV

OXEV


E) Z50!6


M^^M:PO41T
LQOETXPKUQ*^(A]W&DT$NUHV*W52XI'T1
X0R-ZTK'2TP
-MJL
M;F98
U32.R;(*]S5\;C(LIJPYP'6SS8Q)UXOC%:W
7HK1:$M5Y(YKNDD.5?X
M21RSIE@\:VR:V(IX+A4^0)=W+



M;+AZH&ZIOP4RF-2
ZURJ9PW -%JU*


MQC;^@0K;1=XOB@BRUG]84![DA_@D=PCZQ[ , 4]1^*J3)6%R&FCQ?E
YL

M%-8GZX 0\?K]]=
UD'0_'
%Y'6@/3UX.X$?XD(WL&9#H724:3#0+YMI1
MH^\,_EP+2X9T[RH-__2&K[RD%%LG+(
:*)K&--F-
).@+9=.;84:=)]I0

)]5




?$7YT:Q*O?&4

=R\QDD#%%!9)](T+G/$B0N?;GP!M
M@
MB0EKM3.AV EV]%__YUJ8 ;GV]XDQU?L7M1ZN=[*+6M

H:\9BG)_O/V9HE7;6J4(6E_._<&<M)[ 24OJ
M/V!



MD)%=)(.J+#+?F)\('_1


MYT3KCU#QP7.1DY
6



!%3=:\&+)





PK*2H;)=V_H244-#@FTHF*R
^OW
MNLVNWIY'TZA/V7

M8VUX#_I$1?-
Q.'ISI[V';22$



M !SC*W.%&-^TD?WD6D2
=UR3T._7*=?_4WOG%10%E^7Q1D#@DR30Y!Q5
@*2
M01A@R25'!40FJ8)0I.1)*F)#0H213*20]-$)329!FEDR3GW$B4X#K[LE53
M-3NULU7S[=;NP__IWJ=;Y]QS3]4]O[])0OJBAPH#]

MMXYNZ=\CO_\S95IQY+JBA-ESXPB2GW
8]/*P$N4'\@H/XAC*\J!.X=J[


M(9BJR



M[#)_UQ5J\6$QWN'YW+
]LPS-!
G8%IV=EIW9.W=

MCA&F]@/+W
-U9.%YP0YB\Z#$HJ-L?D[XG41GK9PN^8.ZHE.C.7)7L:%BRIZ4


W=N.4U1+K+O\4F[[*8745U^,(EZ0Q#O=N



YXAZ.F[1M<4?452<Z0'C.RJH8C08/D0#
MPZ%



IT%LN1.
OZ[X&R^9 2_LK12P.ZMYYWGJ(?/]6
MS
;:=
2Y=G[7H(B:+_T/'KMUUP*V?
!Z

BOC:.W:I,,<*/GO/@CO%5Q)_WK.Y4 ^_@K3F
MI3V0_CEWJ?D+0)!X 80&#@J+<.RQ('-,N=B#QN[%R1I=9(5V;AMY)9749Y7



K(J0/@
M7:-7 OE;# @KLP[9'
8A


M!HO[C%HM.ADOY!BDX;$ DE&D*9\(+Z' J;5/]^$ R3^ -V.99%(_

MW)[*B&0
6*2-B:1.\YN(UZ8/O3'MBF_Z_KM-37LV+BS90G: %/Q0X;)H=:0K

X'P

@6EGN+L6TSV?
MYL$6SB4GO


M7DEZ5*S&C^(P&Y&_ $C;



S_4^03*4Z@I?&'0FMYSC/T5T?8&^FP_&3QHSA77U
K


MBD;1XX


I



I\Q%OK%




M5UT1(&$%!%2H4PS1]BNXZ]


MQN6-[]/J1?1\=S%.H4!RR; HV

M.M

^-1
M'Y\

T
MYN@6-FC S1( O(N$[4Q5U'4XI!GGZ(M)&# 11.]9;N+3/#?CE.'5G*J@@/\D

M!GCY/XH[UK4Q@/=


7M

MRTRO
CA(G



V2*


H7)\*R29O.C _)G/TW3C*V^IUS#[3GP(+.RS

CRD+2/






MW'E'XG[U^2-:=$_Y_+&VG7HUTN+7=J@M,'+FU==*+=+LZT#^, WY27R7XW




X720X$8[/

M97I&BS7$W6
'?KC 
5BR.3
P)QKC




M1 -/Z1-+U$L@9Q101MJ;(TDA&EDS8 BO':=( !S7/'[BRZ *#Z;+-E\PQQZ(


YPEN=+XTG=#7@R86$%W*R0LV

M3_8E+
VSV-&JRJU-W29JS39;#BVX!0)Z-'X^X;2W3T@'JAF-[2J8+:675[W\
M
.5

KI USUY]G)UTJT:9PD](T\


MSG%FZ@'S7EVK*2;;#U&I!-KUOYC%=6@E6&WO::).1^KQQ!J8I]LZ&]+GF4
M::XSIGE^*



.IMC#5J9.SO(6 U4/#QE4[:(
FR34ZLW' @35@;I2&47
M$%B#JC'KTJ
)THGIC5L)1W! -ZY5T:W4Z?646;0+/WT5&.K)^H?Y*)OJ1Z%@

Q';P8N(=#(-*_BD4
J)0$PMEQNJ
)I714'7





1H&




M)Z=GL/.+W^1 S#0_O;[I5S$*+G0,3$Q,'%^DPL-W?TW F),+*9[V32:C@F




LF+-&.E*

QOR]VKP UTC3


? (%HT\:?L#26/\GHN4XQW4



MGP'OB*%I\3L0:DD:'YV:2*G)U/6SSD7?$DY+)D_(454+);5YCR@U&=HQ*$*2

7B%BZN_%?P-7RO=I@
%2!U&$&^+FB$!XLX)@:7[!



MC!;IX@
;I#/D:!:2GQP7ZS
8X2X'TZ%P-M
2J[J7-O%&\U0FD22W'Y =N?LT
MR*K=2BL-=.YR$C8BH%'I0 )$XK
.

231-J
MOSI7 1/KH1[C&[[I3D%Q38Z)S=LSF8_YK7E2WMZ_@BJH'O449/.Q*PCC.
M),H\IC?J,1[=%32\#:Y^:MC-&F(8]6[B6.09+ES&T1@-[E#D(W5 8NLU2/'2
M\%T*TXQ55%%PMXB%:;JO;?4!HNJ*D=O&[O[M&
7K^W[]*BGALR7NSL)0;#I



M8E

O!(KDNC^E/Y21IWBL1[9C. PLJ

'WL
M

M;? 0MUU$

 5
XLOL#$B#;;NUP/_7T.[UZ.U






M[WFABN.-TP








D[%!O'M_-N=^
?K4*'7K9R1


A3TAAXQT4-Z3;


X?1=Q;[O$OKTW^K:$AELH#IX/A7M*B
?'6O44E


7
MG&7SI4Y[-GHQS;70T(CKM<)M$\IQV0J?O'JSA?%($__G*CKWDJ471?!2#*
MN/^H4U=$O^\4&9_%/H<8?Y





MA?]=XM::/&CRTXGOXAQ30DI%^L

&-GJ^)8
WB6]_QY9:U'7[A!D7O.C\


(NWLHED;54.C^=G.9%ONAH[JVOCN

KR6B4'-6\



A7 ]$$)V'N







8$O

SL1
_'2*M7GS1:G53]!EZ$(.L



M-J YQLV[MU_=.;YK'V0PWS(@PUE=[
A
\K(_;
/J#
A*:EIFL5$-


MX^+R!][^OPEW7?X8K?\)[RLO)Z+/4Q/_GYQQ(UJ4+N$?88_D8!#$97%0XQ
MC''R+!G @I%HLWMO^_N6F&=CTT/ZSB4+I:
[5!R[41]OFF*GN6=94\8ID:\G

M*M:U-$K%QHGE?OJN3LUN-A,C?&8UJ9T5]/,S$6;WI-@F*P 4;4Z/1V\D9?


M$[NY*S/F#8^;
9.L9&AI=MG64]/N9W=G.RN76!SG?7*N%^9IR6_YXY%CIZSX





ME(H;+MQ1V+CD\TRX0\4T1_U




IF)YQ1V5B)D0\S[U@_7*%4TOFF6N]=2R





MXKG8
CU


MG%(

*U5;1E#-\OT=DEL=5+&YH*
M-1N\)=QJ6/VXZ]HREF7T'!L&CIMGF?.G@VT*(V%;)=


MO!2%1+H4JM=17AU(0&_821 KO$'I :3,!^3*0LSP0BY)0%[#U;
B&4L?T.
MT0AO+(YAR1@

O]4E';4

M@S9*C
^^(P&HEB#9/PVCA^'

M=8Q'4[R7IV!8L= /68IMV/_W
&;KZ^PLKQ7P./(JOJ5W7&U7J2XB@9[W2.!D
MJT1^$D,3;N?S%IS0A7S_K\0UT?8+ZZX_L]=NG$


HLN-CA8A,)7!!G8OPX==$_9$R- $+_N8@4M(8DW#6^!]?8
M7WA:H@S#Q44C*$;.%?.QM^DL/_USLK4F0:;Y(%3?]OVL!/.6<O6Y4\GSQ )



.S)'Z\\
O.4;/RKBRJ[MR
T;
J47*)@'92D0!*




H8]&YGM)[5U!X.]=NEKTK*+XM5S
MG.FJ.(H#)E/\UPC6(H#9[$JX



MX&G!WX3\^_C7

MV=VT7GOUY+GY:]G
*H*.ZEU



MH5HU5G*[9:+

?SK&3D(XHSPI6-5



/2D( 





M@-W/_0KB9%:

?7LOU]\4*8*:3
=UGZNH@Z?EEE<T@ J^])QB-HU0,(B'S.GCGV&--X^KV.
MB:6[@Z\M_= ;J(%^KS#+QWH7DVW<Y8E)NL@+BPSUH$M46? I#V%)SAYJAI!



GR7C

)J- GQZ6;F]$UZ

M.N)%A7
E1YH__6*@+P#BR+/O^ES7HI
YFO8UY*BYM=R=4XP!0['6U/XT/#
M2UUI+0[W=AGW4178!$-W:E*MN4:G8L;



M5SF^![B3DH;[V]!$8Q0^09R^OG@]BZ6]IFL[8T:I*A((KDX6MV:X!DT\RRE[


#P;UQ\C2[0SO26A''*GLQD9D''-Z@)$ -B&
M'!68]6-M64OX)PKXR J[.

#O[TG6<:SX+2G2^6O!F$!(*P


)$=7'#?J(]

#@IVRHGNK0O[;Q
EE.K?+AWN-UD3/P?6M&[4O
MKW


M%HI-PI6-XYPT-Z(RN7-S).#?=GA?+ 1\4KMT
H*2FMO M2QG=4I6F(8AGM:Q

VI&2A-


MYH7'+$:LME6+.R !*25.E 
8AJE=9:V+]MC6$4X
\Q8*8K)]# _^'HZZB!


M-?D^2H2)$^L




W\G.R5'6& 3=Y7^XH+@8/$KRZ4JY (]=6;3[5A-1L'D



<_#%6Q9SX52/Z1PY5^-,G
MI(E?7;Q$0_F<GC7CDR$DD#HQ^?/#+\G_8?B13]C8_/2%XY?-8LR?\HG??;7X
M<Y^8O \62$*%;@UJN*7+!S$9&<'\F46/GLI@K
M8Z;O
=!%
]FHD.DA]A3B
M&.=8.%_R&+3



Z?LA

MGG!06%($L9_9%]F?FS:4HN%5YF5U'14_)Q'73)&S#.+[Q7\=_DNX=KE*H9



^\.![.NC4-'Z&R

MY\*H_(M2*6&%
%K 9E<855_C.S8DP)B;L(7D!V=FRG^0@K)?7P&4O<'_S

G+MQ.,! *
M]76+<9/.VVIUZ19$PLI=KY?Q_%*VN+F0:F.I:WDL=&7][R\:<GO1O7WFS:]


A6L HLT45
M2\&*RQD7J'QK;1Z5^ALRP126WX-[*9' [0U4/;8]_PPQ?MFVG*I:5O1867
B

GMGQNJY:7







M3'OJ4%\!


S?Z6$W]

M8CO4DA

MS])3NN1H([E
W6O3&M_C'94AEU/5_/N%0XT?0RG27R65O[NLE/53Z^C/&_Q;


MDZF1_ZN[$1JWDT28/WCF,/1+-QO8C'DIK\!+KY,N[8(2W^T'3(ZY-1W1;)





MXY[UNLSCBJ^6KYY\:#O(
$*EY(D0!SBV









ML7U$
*D5'W;CK]3S%8\!VWSF/GM)$
'GV'

\!H)8SW]C%I;4H[N?O_2TF(HU8OW@7[03Q+1
M7GL-$#O*!TGL-=&RUQ18U7LK28^(]%Z5EPYKY]-2AJ:)%-UG+:X\*X?ZT5B/





NBPJ.2]HT1V7O*58F%NI
M[V'Z-)7%*6!9:OF B


^BVXQ[-RH5^
M=^ET'$Q]_RV


Q#B)Z9&





M]J


WQ#@[;G5
=*$U!9




XM-6@A&-#@;JRC'FM#*L
MQEHSD^BNMQ6K'_O$M26SBCRFE2=X:2N*4^Z[-^+ EDTWGO/$Q;=Z!/[RAS



MLVN0NFV:_B=NIAC.9LKZ

RY##SY#9;9;415
N)]E5


MI(F ]$X41(1([S4BTIN @-(BO1










M]1



MV=V$A#.]5MO%6PG$$/.WF)52]F



M[^






=/8
^!-GSM?=


MNNJ45SSO=;1ZW$\KRDLC14 R*C_5+*Y2#_/.#96+/CIF?!MSF[D-
%G51\A

M0\D/KL'@=2+/_ Q&7T'UJVYEQJ=XA;K=DHGMP@&H5 4WO+G'WUT'/ ?0 [C[
M




BN[DZ]=H8F/?8D^/+I7+$UFF4 ^
MYCC;G'DW,,AZIE87)^)DT-RFZ8IWQD1
9


:6?2'?Y'APT[E@*Q50-/L[8D!FH/_





[_AE$Y2%M]Q @SWM[1(
M
Y*YSY)--:[6WMV8,;5QO%O+$$8$R7Z-J
M!O3
W9^ _^[D)(S#I)DASJP'IL+X?7O*Y8W8RSB02P?Y
M !&JS+I(;$HL:#SM

MFW*LZLG'G08IT]
W3[-2I7)GW^ZLWK4PV;C*2DB# VSJRLY+0;!D:D23LQWU
MQI

M_MD$=0*9GUA2LAS

E

M-BD$+N=[5-09_1;\XTOX;YHY];$/]6#1H:@S7:$T)RRU/5YBJ1J1+;8]-516


M708L^!U*^KY7ZO.)W2Y[CBA:UFQINV__Z78U_/0T4\\#O/Y260O511O.IP
MWTHTCS;^O#

M;1

286=I+1X^'6$_PE*AN

1TDYTY6-A

C



MR4W4RR%*U &:Z/$O;AH[JPO'P2^0%L%\V8ER-6QOQ#]%%R.PWJ_$VA;:AN=\


M3+/Y5FM#I5'!0

?_[WOX3*'9NS!


I)]/6&#6T1OH*S.2BHAT[^NHXU


M#$__53PH



BY@?%7










O_2F*1U.;?N'OL32^B[:4
MZR:



M38\Y'6NE4

=67]=5DFIO3OYP.2
M1.

$0D#TT%4QIL)),L9,HT'TC0@'%O%,@<<N HA6$5MU].F+C''G5ZH_.T1@




9U+[

I86HQ3%90=MB1&3B PTH?R\@^W22W)ZD^G$NO=6^X;M-3 C=226


0/8?U\]#%7F1I2=V0 SB

MWJ#S6TXA=ZH(C/(B\IO;LT8#]\A=T&[Q4OP:Q-P )M=?DK*:F1N8XY3'3=
M;K1BD@\CEZHOV=Y#.63(778'![C ];GCM&*LB!/NFFK74B7A('P
^;+EI/L)

 TR
:YL7[JJBC9Z\@<Z70'BU\8Q!JX)HU$@? 7H <3F<
M!


I8
MS@8@D-)B@0E9D;P+FULS:/&YC?*JV0G 8)=

MFFL7S_8? I&BHX?PU..F'/PM6[#JC-RUQK?O[)HK=R
MFXA&.^2-P08^@H?IKI?+
M0+.Q3:OK*?!F< I78DLG8]0!S];R':+X(;I%;VOLL=!; [V*95'JUFSB?
J




XS!;,E.
M/KCPT_C) -L//VF14K7/%0_#.F+!/DOAE,3/%UI*F&
:
1RNQ1;NSQ6C%

M+:W!M$



?%!H]J6

]23?4-#P3DOMR\)RG/1FC9LL/-)F#F+8\4+C$

V^3-





MY.EDVK=/6K%?X.(QF7=%)83L/J+]M) 9G1:+AR*T[A+
HPNRD2^Y(@+G3O;



R$E7T=33HTWDYQB37L24


0QSH#Z 2#I [#/T?8& \_2:W5\*J%ES



'NH5E[%L77NNC!P*S0GG9:BZG4$9K)CK()Y
MBK7GQ;4(U?SO[01A7NWK7&]+
DK*'-)J;:Y_*^Y@'0@ATQVEXY'3:Y61HE+(
M$P




HA/#?C


=JT8MA%:
MFH9.4@J6#W-MG_\(;K2S^]&Y':ENK%
'L_2X=+.WP$3!DGS(7;&/Y
:+)#O1
IOKL7+OQ)?&\T%UGHO[-X$ZPG&*_'K5_@_L3U[<)(KA0X
MX[=T'$K9Q7F:R2+=PJ_Q'$3SSO^+X*DB@C:L='2W%B
=TC]MDY'[DT4GX?%#
M




^C;B;DE4NJ69/GT)V2MFC<=9U!'I;O_

%?B[$WNX4GZ@KG\
M(+A=HRO<RA]V'6JTQ42;]*?7(L&
\(SC.KKO-GJ[U1RWVE0.W$V%[MQ$W%=
MC*%TNXU-C1!=/DBNYW:ZM0TPW6@3*T7').PVY[Y^WOCM$+#'%5!3:'E*[%LW
MNJ

]JO:OC%;Y:.1XN6VV
MT.^=':ELQ)+38M;I#\;(TD^6U;%F# R%XSLJ%
Z[05B6 45CPT=#A4NB+1;:
M\HYX$@. ME/$H&YHHV

]I3_GQF.^5[

M5Q=1



9_+, 8[;80 ]1315Q#Q@J0BZ-?2-X'\/.(;/=3W-P

M*-TM'L

!(O



+?;R91P/3CV3WK!^PT:O7\VA$$+:B&S(O9G+M)MOU
FK3T;CDAT^35

L5=GZKV

Y
['LSM4G?'^

5%NTZ/.P*8
8+377




MZ

MH(KZZ3'&W^5 ?6MN']B

/98WH:#UR+8:#XXCVY^V^JC$



A^SU
MW^CG;U8C;UW@?:H (;+2$'SCZD!_GO+8P=H(ZAC+#E-U;$OI[?12W1P&-7::

M



)

M:25$\FCLXYG24A_L

F;;I9:F1FK



MR)B9^:'$5A $^BM;:





@+



OKO^

L%-B@/IK-
H:RJ&H':S=&6^-TY7YB.^$)#?YP^
M^61[R2:R D1\XK4[V9YMY6CI89P^8W5O;'9&O/;=A0/&[




MT^J$/





'TS
MQ 'ZKS;L^BK\]FV&0!)E.=:Z?P?_^'K =Q!G*]M?O_NMJD?ZB/
-*8'I_AQC



M8#H]G5P[UJ.%8K/P7RN0+]=;(6$-.PZ[2)C0U?%23TT=.\^R/_Z([)8E^S
M\I#0$4%7Q!'OOMF([\ 9O=EA/A
RUT:@96N5;GTU.S/!$/*MLCA:?5%;X9




M
?]*U\P(&HZY4[TIDVOI2JB*HH ^K

4K\M%M#E'CZW8H
ZG
N48IK^?<L#P#O


MQM

L^*H
MATIF5MUK@YQ

WY80I/

MHE]7G6 NP-;&U7ZF6PH9U)CJ?$T#/S)-



X=/;-/I%YDM&46E^[$\_V)P#O L .
M(*/\CQ'@#J%1I21*MP#;=0AN( _+2.[IJ^&V8VUXX

M!+:OF$QI@$JKO5WM3VX;B#O


4:V6V09&+L!FP=E
6#1KZXKP6M

M\
9XQW52DO!W#AD6[TG5'H-)^EN8;CL9ZLGG+_ *&E9H




;=M')9[2FK)@0_041UK!(V
MK$Y^XWV).@R[^@'MLDO VQ)5RKCZCBIF6]_Q*4GOPTCYO-20K&S5@7AM3W[C
M!FVSDC\\T=X

896K^JUR^+U[P)1#91#7GM9[^H,^L5W]60Z
'_C
MFIUP.
O*^9.07+YD&R4-Q[VHI-OM3.% 


M(O]A
LG3

%
^L
M]$U_)-FM%GPGNF
G:.C#A\XZE8YGB\/2CZ55B4Y
^L-BKW;NR%H@





G]=EA_$)6SJ+

M8


IM)D#L(+E1
M=%Y7#;FO6O4M4*NR(=1$N;L[B@=6 (]YNL22

M;IZ&=AC6&'%JS'7
Z?48XR40#[BE(/1F:'=2Z^-]P
M^JS&T9P[=YHVE..\G

M;!:


EZ

G
M)TUGICM:O^S,9&TXAA<HMB\86Y-_TM 1S@_+U[!QA9^]T1(W]AWN#2Z!/V1[
M,?59MYOU?-HTU[^?FCF3EF Z)VPEZS!C_

M^5^'

#I

E[=,COS%NQ:8
M? A4;G^\(Y

U;S(.L


M

Z*ZB(ET0?:;NL
MG4$:=^H1Z6FUDU











IO1=E51SLC$2^.?#GZ
MNU^

*508CJ'X%;0 %
MVOU?FAW!C@-/!W@


]:#0



M_Z-;SXU;ZF^C


6J%ILB8X&+7%_B_.A8+C
S\5?[X/1'@+_M(]
.MEN_F7_6

;17

M];TG
T+3V?ND (K]FN_Q6W
 [0$!7B/ TLY=Z2V@/E81.G%!$$*P1.//($_B
M#K*C/TP3K@=CMX'.LV\[24-]'0W3C0=54-/T


==Z.K
MBL=-2U!:E



MNNE

MY 

MU



U)P?

M06


M^Y'D*'&&H)*XT(0:00+Y?'TC

8:HZNJUXV


+LI-D:7\D&
M=O
M*=U/+396&-L@JY

+R2QW%]CKY1U#-K$)U0X$^?V@!C  9@
X@KX/!\C

W4M-.BE^KHI&(

M%T70'2X




M06=1*M4+JL-M!M2




M&FWN8PQ=C?LE#1
EF)R\^A%.

M^LQKE**:VXT$OB798G+7
P
M'PE<MP3!\H\=56)?P&L]$+C<);@B3!=ZAK#_,8ZD96=C.DHQ(ZRS&7M:@ 0@
M!JU+VF;!B6:&V$






LZN7:W@S&3Z700^A@LU


M%7EB6^
2Z7^T\?$NV&!*8VV ]FD4KD=$W-_]@[Y(7,%? E;
MKPBY 

NM[G0CN+MD;IA
M]H@VOO[Q@7HKV/#$A_=*3P3S7_.161Y1U

32@%-&
M]9EF')D;EIQ
Z()Z]S]=.J_DHZNB2V3?%SC%0G'=R5G+

N$H:342U8M_FHI

M-;T1_4CK:8 &_5%9Y(TW/E:!X=O?4H;YU-%!W-RG\F5\O\
U-M58_=F'(1N*




I(B)U73N0GY2K2&[PI5E
MMV+QO?%#59EQ\&6)23F29WH;-L1X[YR
:HS%;DZ\=VTD:1
NW]2Z:#YZJ]/

MAY7$LSTKC=QU7'^S5
.@_9!-G


@O*/6GVQ8)N.MM8^B((
+J7G#7.DIUL05H[
7?


1;V

]0G9KY](L5R(



[LGV&;*OU']:U[NY5(V!MBX3V&.?S

M?*''Y)-'D8^0]^OK[P](^*_$^2F][AMK+3Z.9

MJ)P59-$ YU0=Q_9EP_#N1)S$5I[DK^7^CT5!D@VA@&D_!@:* J;XF]VE_ZG@
ML)]&KCEH@'F&CCD
] E4TFMYZO?6CZ
@9RMHNC6J2'LJZ+HR
0XHFMHRGWKB
M!2

\9=J:.WX8$-\SCGQRH
7?Q'


$N]@].

?$-G


\





7T_I


M 0KCYUK[!O.2YJ\DH8:-59^9)'%W-:R@'XZ?'90_E(V\N7.M7P87HH]A3
X3
\0T+.\8N
']=M^Y7[3%L__A/S

/MJB6B*[;=*J'BW;H&6X*J








1AK

\7KY4




M8(' H-[YD
N8?LVJ[@=L]+G%VFRV_N:-X ^-6:]3!2


T?




MCY05*'1]E/UQ6







7'%<,V9-W9$ XE?#D

M':_Z5JSN^KEH@
[9CH=2V(]O-Q4T(0R#'.&HZR

M0B:IWCQV2P!?6IA139%Y?F$\TXN;WW.[6PL.=Q%^/Z-$D/?AV1V+9]93-B


+=_@V'*H)Z3]*V




50J]95Q51W]

MCGTY]).P6R_N%2&Y!&T721]?=I-UW=0TW.?#'AN[YT(Y%B 2H3 L1OCYLKC%

P
9R










WUEB7U!^@*;QB,7(ZX;K
M8'LI)VB!#5YSJ




Z5ZE$J7\(K



M7


M[V3D:




MF;;G'&2?%=$57!09#[S81$$BBFE

M.PEY=IWD):&Q.J]WJVO@ZO[]R#
C\#L52.!!DJV#K%+_RJVF6WA);;?D7&LJ


MW&2P



M%#24


M']6D&F2CJ;)
.

LU-^@BO^*P:_VZ6]0^?^!
MYM%.]I6E11(QS0[#474RJ%#PE53T\OX'?63YH'3RT3J@&;RE_%CJ*4X:9R

M)J$SH4?JX!;Z;3

MOUR6_LDAQSM9I!_PHJ:Q/%4.!Y/^^PN7_#4/UI8NM:9KQQP^4XFF:!UXG\



6[T0O2-@Z
M!^J?K7SE2#2Y9(L$)M

7



CO ' &/*8#7K4^7T9[_(T+__6XOGY(-

MY
-M]O\C2'QU\:O;-*7B%/MYS4Y.RMHI6!]F?GZ#%\XNOSN/?ON_0\5_B. I



MYR:Y?7W+UWNV?)\V;[1IJ$WG!/%%/R/BM+
0V+?DS W!P26C

U.PZ:YTYG.Y)4I/J


7O&QBX7AL_Z&J0M=


MC(V;N+B 0
GO_I1FL\#:?;8=VCWIUI[3F&$;[1*ID-[!ZKTC:PIEK21Y0JWQ
MFG^JA7A)E#)5PN+J&'[&
@G:0Z+T7<
MT4J'O1]_C8M%CN^5B@3.!T=E^6=I:358K\2JT:U
N;KD7O:O0S6W

__0EUVYF[[T59;)X Y?]7!]
MZ4MQI5\W^87%7U5U59T=]#*D^VM#!AAF5
.AU(XN:6UT:#2=9(SN:@._[




YCWL.MBN9DX6%
C/HK\+KQ@5_!A^ 6\YG4)*N:+LD%.@72?02U[KO:MS]:_?)EF

=.+-

M\:58QV7L)H;YF=F\J;V'WNE-B)&D0:?8K;D-ZQ7VY8[D 39UYRNMS[5?#
_Y





 #
M\ZU9(Z





MJDHT-E=3


M.
JL;O3='K]I\B1T3C&CB(^?I9W9-LL2Y-&]$#2(!*KYTQOT
.R%!&C3K0QW

_!VGMX(N\IX[R:*X/U1[M#\FQLMP+:,W-N/%SIPY

N*=_'))D8PUD$

S8=ZM2\?7DASMY-Y
;JG:7X)!Q+:G?=].&%T7M+@DH#$
LM+<7%O_ K
MAYO.J)%?'%*0J9I[IYH!YTY=*&D=+E$I(5FYD;TL\/:OG\7O!Q20
;C%#-

23[431&[F;-ZJ1XE*_;M=5EI$QY D.:\.Z


+WW^X8.5\B
O8M?
-X%F=*(










MB8O-*X&60Q\NSWE-GJ



MVO




UGS-NTTCNI:S%?5*R6NT==(LM5)
Z)I^BR


M*5\6;VEHV%K=+W_+46@;=KM5$B_FP_.DA7)%

MH?N1N]X8!QXU*[JL^6^MK!);O:U:TO.EI@^F)XN0 /[8H)'(6=CE+YHUYOWV
M24$PK.$KU_P





I.U







/0F'.NI-*VG1F2]@ACV+ZT!=24X^%J9






$6
MS=A1&6XT1
S

DT#7:=?$S0A/?L]_JLMHXCFZ0
MC'!3#*[XIT?@'5ZOB@;HFA(P.X%#5=;DZ!_%A\NK?E+RQ  %8\3QK6LW7%




;
M
N


F8#=7)W64SO]]7
!H8P[
MH8\4'I[#N-_0XOK_0'H_M
ILRK[\02U5Z4O^TVW;7
5K _LLW@JZDI_;&V

Z
M]SP+'.:1




MJJF:F:HY9V;^B^=N7^QO??:NO9?T:IN$_+BF.4NTZ+TEC;E&J&8[#S.&B2

7&M7L8I




M?'$3\'S%I/TOWHGB6+S2M[ZEF=I[:;+3VEB-8*4Z\XH!R _SKV$#REF-_2-V
M)=R.OV(^E:X?XSA%1.EM[PJ0:&=LZHZ^T6VD4

'#*ZKX'L/
$5N^/'_JT72



RZI/\9]
%:N_27?OH*;C

$7+I\U$8Q74)&U?#N?7RR6.6!4XTB2]V[1Q-1(]S)^Y


Q
M29\\6A_%?L5T=OEJY*-VT


V8EY90(DG*IPS/ Z/4JWK
9GJAON+.GB_RZ3@.E\P=55TGRA

M;XYIG4SM#EGVO)8HLY4IJN_2BIMC7/U\8TQ1=?HOO*BJ)V 0)1Y56/73V(Q3




[YT:$)'MF6:*P_R1D43K0K

?8
*%F+:T_E3E^&
0I[
1Z(P_2625=XZ'I;
M[

M&[*7[]$Z^P^@


A GJ%^-$.QY26R1B
MZ&?ZWZVW^L/+^+(6F E/+1UJ'ID4TRS*&8$$&\5H BQ+8[65C?O_ VTQ&G

*8A:M

M^:8'PE
1'U



MH9'EQ?5



L]6^?F.F E#_./AG=%[@
MP$XX

T_P'(






MZL^

M
B[?'


L


F%JX\K^A*E4LITSV.TO9;J$)%7Q

MEGR\DEMK*&'%:]&H?A#_L'%WJO:%WQNV1]LGJ7S!*WNU.#Z.+]O1-NEG,P
MD.(F




Y
MA_SWK:GQ8&)%0=B3/_OJZFI,]@ID=K/4=UFX;P1

M.8\=VNNE^@25Q

M3 G7+9S=$G)H6M


TZ4N1BS
ML




M_GMB!CF .^G6[UZ#?CVI;V[3OZ0[#R9O'3\F

VHS_&(83UR2K[)%QZ8*DL'6W8=)T;%MLX*]L4QA9W
-/.+LX8

MC1=OH+Q)9(2YN44F)J!7D@?
J!&W*120/P \0VM^! 36U#)MI@DG-C5_6D-
M_T(&8 9NV:&,?[I@'7]^N$%Q*-)$58&$G(W

MG




2HTR2\7X$U



\5-!]4$=$74O4^Y51G'FHY\+1
E/:ZZ))4&76*E52MS'LZI2P 2<<FY!-RZQY:A[+5
M@7_





JQR0%O^&S\0([R-3.
_Z@

M/1]&NIV8 
ABL)O?TJA1D:#V/:N? EM_Z%' UBZU^#)

MV@ED;I3([W
J0M[Z%*&ZA0D&4!Z& \[%*6\A
MVM&G/0#=0^V;S*S0G1/\S\:S\OV#F=A*)0%]H342(25:DVY#.R+O4DR%L\
ME*'9@@W&6=T:RAZFQ
;026&D1H9#9@(

&+\% #H!RNC_?4;Y?_*?_
]00=


7)C(7Y*7G$]^MZ?9P]KLLPTDGH


M]?5^J
 +H5\Y6WX\2_$ 0


#LH.Z





M='W\F

M4G'9RK[MKL5]R[XJ(N\A9NAQN



:



MPME+S
L'?:QY2ZY/2=?OY-EJP7)F=E4E;WGZM@8BL_ ?RLX)M^;
3#:ZG8L1
S

MM#]58:=P0YQB/ZG^T-F]U



X-:@12;&8\7[\P5 C0L$U$C
G27#NV)Z@T]VO&(UK;+3+3FD$96^%


E:J@E
M)S6HRR.M:MYIYRV-JQ?$FT4?GY6ABE

@&.

MA6_


MY^EQQZF DU:YC:M)ONUIZ
#GPL^9*MQI/R*H=:KZ:W??2'L=G;!Q-5#NU%TI
/.9.&ELU:

M:NN
-C6(
DD

MB^8X#++K2Y#W!X9G\6P6*'V)3/]:IXRBE2Q&
UD!$[QB+:=72E.)#$A6!=-_
MRG/JCHN+7H)G$ *^JL
GM'
9ZKA^11[3LUD2$AMJ_=QL L9[)JA._N]5%/]_




1

M[7RPCJG+[M)Q-/*



2K209NB6+KMX=
*+8F[J7BP#SN(


M@XX-%=ZGHTM;?!W+=L'9RT5C_[HHL3'$!T$
SW'^ZTZAODG2#Y%F.W]M)D4T


M .?S8Y
XP]?
(&*B.EK@.
MHK


MO&RVPW:VP0[OO?ZZF'CTKE&61. ^M!-AQ76'MEZV&9WT1JQA:Z'JIS&Q1=

YX[B8E\-/EF'H'Z4
R


MD/(9/1'9A/P!B*?./6%3MPR]=:CH6]6I?#P::9HLWST;:29S]QFZ-AVHY=^=
M_V(J)ZHH

M/=5&V3F./IPIK(NO/JR_:7QO0MX_ME0I0=#U]_SM$TJ:(/-C;61XRP^N:G

M/7XD- \98*H8)M&P)U85VJQMQI8WT!
=7ICI ROZ7Z:V)]T\VE8D-T0YZM

M3M'R#7'N:DI$ @2'*CR9FB7.6R%LN7Z%0BZ%NZG/TE!QEL)QF#A%9&$9
M@LPHH=?#Y._T:N]^]Y+?8
W0/E76I1X#MPEC
:\'[&@E:HL$OF7;81B@108=

Y*TA]W\H





MK\=

UV\SC5;8Z_EVJ/'P5:#?-6XG-SVPR5


RN74C*12<-SA+J-X*\/]/;0@#:Q?X/8HG\'BDX8PQ$K
M6B<,LEEA\H/ 2(5B4$@%(#:)L7W.YWX;%QTN=7N\SZE*LB/+7(+30VXE@0$
M8*A*
S\;)?)KYSEKL2S\K$]@7JA*\!
GJR-BC  U($W S(XVTHBO]:0Z%Q1)

&5 U6V
2X*XJ



MRB:/W#IL)BV9:]D;^!VKS\OVM2)#4FX
:DO?^JORBL?RUS77F=F'RMM_P'
M8'4Q-[B8;N;CL@ERSL*Z5
:5EJ'[-UCZ_\=H4G#L\UT0SH/KGT7=)MT
+3X\
MB-!P

M7AY!8$PL:N=F\;B/8*4L$B/



7 N_-(V\CG_!&^@]Q\ +7W)(I6&W1N?T82GVM\Q/$/+4/Y=D&F#
M[_K+LX;K7
N_AC//1+_35_V#N#D'54/UW
Z+E(W^5KW:NA!X:3D1HD!DM2
M!_M36R


ND4C <.Z?5;\C@G;R[U8X



_S99AZD=&#NPC=_$!I?\%ZA)Y8[-WO *$96&QK+ZZCO^$3GDB





)@/R= 6.MFC
M@A9E.)

K[!4N:U;(






Q\2'^L_)<&-5
5)8C_UC+15'O-Q5KDWX;OL-*]M=6












M4GSA

M!
' HAPK.ROP.:T.V=Q4N.8S:1OC^2SAZ/=K^+-*&!CAA7\ F!V/.I/9O[-]


NCUIFV6SS;DGJ.R

N$=&=%/^DN4*7_#VB;7/
M3$V:?*CO%0\GU41_FNR/8<L
[Y3CYT$DXI]$@^]XA?0OA



MS:N5_3F!8'E6=T-CMQ6BA0O9SIB5S+1(Y*_-#/6SI$0(7NC6U.4A7RM\-FH5

NV+KR0G$1R




MIS_(5H 8!UT$$P









\36)B.J9-$=XVSNOI-FX
3H?M4M\


M_)T7(UR

MO&?Q2[)?=1
2P-&


/8\^;VR^Q:
;U=N03P^/^9X



)@5R58L\@M7TZ







)*\[]XI;I\@^W9/WH!&.W'Y.%HP9
*@?$ 7/]31:!+_T
MU2C6MS9D@-H[EGU7W2



 ^E\E
5-IF7$C M52J1BT07X-D:@/E\[^+









M(P'2*@/*+LH$&O]@V]PN#[+M*(M8+5\[@+36E 6O;HEO!8JX
=ZS?;CT&L=7
M%')5X+*(G4SK^@DBI-T)VW%3;DARWVVC

M42SJX4LP


M+I\9F*[^GA#QK-1+9
+C93
;?QE
LEL


MY0Y%



M
A!/.L;EP QL7JQ%')-

M&81!&RD:2(  [B*[W_PVV3'T'[OWMN$@P5]\VA-EB(&;.:X+IOA?[L_RDB

D

@L7J^PSKE?6KX1.V70GZ^G-W7/P:+&QW/MV4'U
MY8

M;J/-#NM'=UYLV(MPIQG7Q^)7%%@773AU6DU!6L[?:7V!2.[)BH(]1;%*NQ
M%GZO?73Q6K[!)ZGXMJT.D\J*?@?E%]]V?6*!;#/R=0E4Y*C42MDPY!E' @MW

MD@GO'E.I3B)D&EU5*219^@



U]
D.04&[&57Z.6U#^






R7


.5A


;=P&5_F=] VM^0_RQM.[/U0-Q&+\'XO!]R(3W


M]=#-/40XK/G+^U75!QK3U


M&P22;LPX(]V%Z72,FI#IX5(8#_"F05]E6X!R


MTY1#1]7\_302[V4'WY:G=%-&O[V[C#;ZXP%4B?[4'^L:1I@[I&QS^APXMC/4
M945FBS





3O+#=BJB)



MVQR;CP(&#'X7;

!]BAXS-( 9QN%YKQ=\O2%XEF$)O_AUX_%45P)7E0O7G$+


K1Q8[HWJDS&^(9=S

MHH4?/_DM3*%]PL5AT&-+O4@$CZG[.(#7BHU.MY$ 3(./#.WZ=/39%N75!?A2

M$PB\D'\&

IZZ3+3G
YX

E^!!+K4QY0QA/^-O':'QQN@I.O4.A4KJ9V0JCU-

M

MILQ
!/V(XA-FB
;'K\[=NJ:/2UO/J63-Q?SKK


RW:UGZ2G2^VM*7^[/YIUVOT?X63PI_-O/_

VT21QNJSIL2U93MX




8_?9F
68+Q_=



MWD/8DC-^O?C'Y[(60VYX)LH/F8*F*-GN.!Z[;QS*W]PFEP%'/U'(*;KEQJ0H
M
NHNW25IC@08GD.@? B-[BEX66=RQ



MKN([):V%WT1




MHV+YSV;ZGY5GKU5GD2A9#3\-APFS??KX^9GV-4)G!NH$)7S;@87W4-.\&8?W

_2\58]N4#-UN6 \Z;&U4]




MK9HIAXZD+48JBX2U3&


M?K;#K%EO*=CDMWN0 )H

ZVA-.XY.7
*#@XE
MBRV19(





M-:
1[

M\743T9FN1/6.EL ?Z+;.Q6$?C2R


*8&-7
*P!Y4


M1:%(0 *%R=.N[&NN7
'G^.ICP!]_M_/OXO59+Q7R_^M/L_D%::KP*
/\M2
MA.9ZC&6QY.UML\%B/6L/2J?)GA3Z9E7^#25A&8FQ$^PAJW0B
6CQS4:X%TOP




Y5P3.G[9L
M@5!ISA

M[IY[X32?/+J_%FSO&C9WLJK#1VAH=%Q30U=WHG+)OLTF6+:?XDC
-IA(5'/H



MCHII.GP[/RM&+)3B#G&7F$W?WL'1SH$(@EZ^$T$=0422G?SAQ?+\-[:*;O#T


JN


/(8&F&/DD



5373OG6;CQM\J3





M ;1?+H)R=HE7+7O3/\)IW=)
SU:MX]D9J(G>@+S3R%=K7R'B5:+W$7%%8M5
MMLCU)HJ/>\TBGC0$K]D;=N1Z]G4F/RN-KN&!=2OKXH


?X-[4W=G6S
A!I4$4O61@)N
IJ.QH7.U/S.\


[+*7
M7ITT_['5O0B+]=_)9RJKPSXJ4\V

M





$)&M)L/-X1(W@UO?];5G
M2N'+0

M4.





:A(&
M#.YB0!GJ2[PP3W3CW+QVLQU_V'&P]LL4!^SZ XR@_(#E=N^ZB\#%G^0@1_




MYWSS(6XA


MSGKI (8=U1-6_8AB\=V8YG!!1'SOM!Z\IU/ULUD= VB$KEP] KL.S/69!:YD
MZ-E#QV;,21FV45ZW5R

M\?3;9\0
*N-Z[B

E






M)7@)TQ'P[BJYT
*FPD];0BV40OPP<B7M^ BXG--AQ+'LD$;&$=J\2Q
II)


MJ[W

MA:WQN%M







MG9==\TK16;5+/3CP4C1'#\?^J

MK&EE%$-@67A.5;SQ#40AVFO!MX-'9+.5/Z\[%Q
Q!@J%F_]R
@96-;X
OULD
MD;
.I=5*
M6$=69,\;&0RUM_8%3O%'F_J9X6Q/_G7G'?^/S\Y5NO=<DGGT<TP738*'2[R

UD(QUT+)9]
7WZGCL_L<B5X:HYB0*3ATE/FB\!
MD

+9 \M3U9L]G(G1,6'%D




MMJ'5JM0!=V
I


MC-CKPK[+
#

%(+F/.]! @DE





2:'L23QRAC5D1GS][6%B7P$Z&*=%U<;;O



I-Q%R-(8'X= $[\3MQ/BBKHH@9S9S



M]3KOA[7.)S!K0H]!I#
R?DL$4A8ES82W^/LX
]XB 5(?URLIBY5A!V
M8FL?








I:5BK$&9L[!(#=




43#&Y2*Y;


\B^ @8 TT-9?W?! X9



MN?CGJZVHV4TN:8!\+5M3:-V:W

MM8;


R%W$
M[F


M2KCTGS
&K:Y=)+JGZ#04!M%_KZT#S<GN7?(/+_(Q!9


5C2

)G
M.\)FCF2^8[%


M9D;K%

Y0O!F

O7NM!?0YR0W&TW($-ZV$



MA?$'!*7!S@W]:21F8_)AKR(-LR..YF333D**!*)$3(A1 U(%I0.T2AQ*MW/N


MM/1(\4=L;-=E&(^CU7F!6-3EX

J(/AMQ#=5UC%
'HT/TTS %'9X&:!(


M.C
C+YR&&3VJA8O(&SEB #PK!IMIUA\Q  OIT' 
@



M [AD




V4=-[


4W1\-]\*DWY<B.





MA

_V#$A3K^B












Y^&CA)A8?Z1!)Y<M@'O4
.
+-2X%3OD;FN
MSL[*^,1XO!%3(GK=KUV@DY;2WQ[O8YT5:%QMKQC@/JXFAP]6TRNFIP8N5*:




8LZ\J([)?
M


M

MKWHNTYPZS=DB@VL
NZ5I&.7+UF?$%H+11!D-(L5N!F-\[#!1C8:P6V 7N7[P

 %Q[=.Y+
M;ND9
0LY[E


M'



I;4:%P\N=])!B

M!YJRS&A!6B#;0P@106F'0.7V$MP!3G?HNR*4!UQ
066\*A2L
E[4
\V!YU@.


M4Y

M[BM83+]I?



M

M1T-G#\(G_-V.-:;/A







=3O061C'-=IL%;[O=O

I7 #HLLF=)%IS^JKP]SY


L(ZTH,D%.H'3
M!:UF


M%[I)TAKNG6=!


L

109B64VPE


M*8FXZ++
J TWF-)Y%H';-.BT\2
? X!C56( 7X8^@A$@#
#?R1 /:5[PPT)E




M-*/




??9R[_OIJ2577D695P:D/]


M[5@J?2X0E:95*LZ?MB3C

M

0D
4-$N)HZ
@8L;Y8\^:4+LI[?'AO2#\-Y-3TR1U



C7[5@Y_Z.Q4
Y&WE.Q7H@T(?!V_.J'\D22EH$@A[2S-E
M




M[V)X+WD6.55!A*Y=KK'^[FT.+U9H]WV8U+6 $SC0X((!?*J.(KR/YD99;K)L
M$?EZ15%7(F?*H?(+9Y:S7@;2L;24$@)9'






K8TGD2Q ;%Z7


[;!O
MAW)6DO/.2]M&%3SRP

M



F<-3DUDX5'G BWBUI*XZ2CLU(^-

MFU $\91(?J=R\9


_+YDHIZ3QZ60E-R7;3ZQ8+)Q97PRW&[W' (AB).BH_0#&

5

?BUIWMAG\2=VQ

/
MEBH[N)W &)9-ADS:^]J%G+WL\Z(:RXB6*^1)%U:+^DR;*/3BRP&1WQOUFOO6


M0.P'-#

MV7123;?ZUS328)-\)?(C71Y1T3PNVS=UE0E
-3%261\=BXCLK:Q
N&5OLCY@

 :UOJ$G 1_$O 5^





M4L?
_'Q)H5GT=([.'O%-(S
0W &E S+.VY;K93;6?LVF%%U4;/K3\X0TK53?


#Y;@G93VE#

WI?]?5T




MEURU9Q;\MB++*STU+96QWG:'HZ9FW258 X[B;
AL^






M5M'\F=*
#ZJ?-#^I?K20U?+'89'







M5.7)%%=BJ?MU




MNK//:S?GU #SOM!B/(@!&5X8U+2/^OM76$ /_KQDH]C)$^#H
^%8H-[)%*




7^*_-77(/RPU;O]RB+4WSY0ZQ/F%2@!6X7 \#&
)MV7_W!X'O5=0BVET:
M _^*]X+Q0! CS& YEN*T@5BO*JN_NG%H)Q]GK]E ^%X$F-1A *C%L\48

\+$7






3JD&Y

;SS





6*83*\=L6

MOUG6=ZA(4YCQ6*BW3MRCKSMFLUZV?8C8.MK==TAEB@I^QB9O]RE
5?C1G1[0



M

M';





M.!LS^LI;46AWO78#/ U


BC

&
MD_$61


UUJTY7JGS@3K$:'.9MJ$LK7X[K5YDB+H#Q+C
M

1P6CQ%Q-6@G\.R@E[PO+S*



M=2IFU]F8MTU :S@*A!4AJ7I;G#\AR]
(;O]4GB
L4Y^!Z:PMUQN]-HMD**5UY??G+:Z-&<&WO(960R4'[[

M\-XL

M@KP3ABGZ4N_GHQ



HCYMU5C-F.I)HG*=#IZE]^[\Z_$
MV!U91BFB6%2






OP



M;Q


MYE$+'%BS9.I^N0CIBQIK-2)._YB/S)BK 9)O5?*G4@!TK*LNVI%0J:C(U=

MY^R2A795PN!$R% 

7W?36RFOE1=3#KX;




O


M$'#1 .A4/R6A2=MY IBLL:?!QK(=V%S4;NE(:
JZL/L::3NQ

4=9&-N



ZVVBUPJ)!&<8A[T]--5WHCM7[-$=#I_YY2FHF
M-B..*DHF/ ;O
%_ !MR'I4PB:TF?^$


4BY1?6 MM!




.^^9


MJV*TGK(&;&5HI?%@JXF.$3-)T@PRZ


G?BZE\_V6:3Q4=RWH8N[!N8%:H.JS=T#NRM8V;(ED386IP


MEU$)(Q]

M)L)[/)S&OR '.!'=I0':(^$8S:J%X8\T(QNRM#G9\-X+R8AL7@& 7MIGIBYJ



MW\J+



 YRA








MQK-?8
7!.[.:[EJN^./ LD=?*1
M1OHSOGKP\&&*87F9CS=HM8!TDD




M+*PV8'V*]\.X9I_75*N02CF-50K%$'=NQZ !\4OH/G%G0Z*(9&B_YI/*F 4/

9]SF2\F' .9*Q(4J
M/.#.2[KJ+?-




2D\MJK$YQ94@$05X= O(@
('B
M3AJ21UP6#B




G0L+I7XGZ+7'BW4!1&7/


I
S!T7[^Q. 7J67F]_J





MVVA7#H$Y+-S8PSIG;^:-_C($WMLOBV/RX;BZS1.=F(*\2](U=F4GG^8EN+
MR=O;:$;)70R(/!&'P'\%KZ41\YM'!SQJ:LT_*![_&.\_U3'%A*1/2\R21/:F


MN%B2%VI4^!XOJ#')^RX?04H:T_6_.R%OJDM;)#C=5

MQ#XM1(5_R%&6#)&D$:;(X(ZO%J24%=ML



MO]I

M'[:R7*ZH?



QGCK
B4[I&]LM!KN[/IA]RNS/RM+&



MA; N.^#)6]?0T^A[87!WM:0G#@%X*

M-!*&-BL+'\(LWE$!#4KN-DJX4


M.F0+_*([?7V.-Y+G'U_YN

P[@Y-$[/LY0J]'U-ZGBN2&X
MYH^-5WW73+XQZ%--%$^?

2YE^&36&5-]]NS ;NW:])TT6:63U_J
MX!DS[IW3A:

M
;X*F4#

U
M%_7M PX!E!9D*-]P)04=BE3I+4'

M]1_'V-


MJT](
)RHA.C5$#M^ZB=&:&


M!:(G1516'P*J#5X/_H;B5+]\IUB*_
+]QY5%?@?:$

Z: J52^;:W2X2^M/)0BR9

M'AN6WL!U#\N[_F D0*0IY_;3N1(9^_1GS?/97Z'M$H[[E+6 *A 9#0]N/N


%!'5
)=#E
M@R(1AP!/%BVBOLA=['SE&V-9#!%^-0C;.2H
3@M6B%+7K  AM'5N9;F?-;I.

6E451E6=3I&
W
MH[O(U_PDIPU@AP &!M(^HTU3R_
L(E%AVIU\NN Z1Z4Y.9E#X#'[2PZ( 1


ML9
+)H:
X\HCM./3KY?1]!7#^@%

&L







SS
MF8U?S#:@J*3:P_V2*O$0KW*E$9



7

MI


MQ0B? \5RK5@C$?JL*0<BDPU^?Q4QX$_#.)?]*-/!QO$B'<7:\@'6TAG\TH
MFCHN_E;)L3&\^5@^Y6+6M^Y- BG2K(2M#0O-%
HUBPM



ME6M83ML'1=T09\=RONWW6&:WI

M
Q9FJ/&50?\K.BGP2Y44.)X/+ED6T4:1J#WR+&@;%ZXC:OPMLA@!1E9!(A
MA

M]?H*$BZ
M26281TA*+EOKA?LA9=H@HB212'Q%T+S+;'Z#,@;TU.%VOSB?M#J&**VG;.4
M7![B8N(\@!S+_Z@G5\&%R!]-B,)'#ZW_2Y\]).P08^+K;H;
'/AJ9M&3[]L






(DP[\
M)K.HW




L(O8(]S\6.M$AH&':8*OU$!#1TWOTY=CJ?^_SS_*J..X8
M]D_=0+^%


92B9&WW$W^D
 .?A5!4='






M

L
M76XW38G


MOM3[AD/0AT
 V8UGO%M




MG9/-Z)QL/].TSH



UEMR





L3C:YJ)KQ ^
R!
'4
]Z]Q4Q81^<D3'!+ODG8D<S9M3A!O3@+19/Q^WJ5Z!T_S#YVRZ D'5K!


M/?4[1 !-E:M30%W

%']AO
)
P[@MV[*?D
ZAL15&T'E
M;6_?6A\
IJB:


& S6-B^1GI5L2KVG'!VM\5D0PJ1]ICE9[]U)7.;@*LI&
M/12P6NC6;HED&%;QB+Z'E4AO7
IA1FF




M%ASC]'14[U?_GKW


M6NF]V0AI-(.9N0!(5/CGE,CLTFC'IP:F 
.+^2V$X11KMHB2@BL'*(8/.R)CJ5928:]$6JEK'!3590&
MR/^N1-_K)).SO.?


M?

;(S.FO]FG
VD_

M:





MRU



MR--M R @LRE)6M






8^.X



M^J;Y!&Z\:-=*V


N0_A-U/EJ1I(&Y/Y"?T4J5.C?N5C_
MW_#]*Q \XFZ@(58:LAZ.97V/(V7
8CME(I_.D_[BRP3[^C=F%3;D:1(R_66
O(FM


Q$TAD'ZVG\WW
0


M$I]T
1-LP@2?. 1TJV

M_FN[E

\1LM_8AQ6OU'WZOC

WYIJ?W*/XC>[_=[H@_G



MEKO]\D+3D$5
0= B;G3XQ2JJW80CHDES![V W6+_[H2PR1G89R?NLAX/I^



M;O*/



A3V_X('VF$_LMX@YN.#TVO1N#Q5L_IM8H.IXRG
M*S#EU!-

=O=+1.&S(CQ^1(T?3](IN/4I'6M



XK*E]_]Z0*^CSK'




8N1[


M[

M:VYSO4J!7())'UC)*45HL_/8^(Q!MCS19-?%:HB'Z3.PIA WY5\_#=B]Q1

W$43T_1$1:G.\TI=_-PK^BWJQ05%9859K/CF=5-OQ=*
M'/DT14=N TWBQ^GMO!=] 4DGBNQY=-XQC*K$;7)LL6_Y



M+6ZT4UPZLAWV\Q6
MZWR ^@OEH4
?WZE?[J#[Z4^?B/FL?/:IW--F37Z2._W

M2_E_@KPWU+Q.





:\HC

)?(])+OH^'8_
@^3K^/Y!

MO1F7NJ#%-[90T']MJ
7T2K:/0N;/I\KO7_+[CG-G^T(&URR]2Z)?D@IS+ J
M.^N+4ZN




M= ]@H=E!T7*
XYH9/_$

M\0J3/_$\3$R^3B^\P8$\/W4^3#2P:&



MA3


K
MLE&%J_
Z):PZ







M8X)N&09'4]4B4'Y6XI*2RM]P(5E9'=?AK'*'O\
$-)75MG+POCEOU2IY%1
FCKT08B*Q@TQ,!HIEB3%5$3V6KQ@V2&:MN]\SH=<?NSM;5+Y:6E_1<M





?JZ;81*1OD[&-ZS.P0;(%G_\5A'\











2Z

) @)_
URRYRFHR D42E
M

WN0-)+4PD


S0C;

MF9[W
;JBT\W



M JYGW9_L*_@8!KJVNH)+NN





M\*_*8_R$H#ENJ%^X9MZP\,.VR:G$60R?B4GT0K%%N/.3G0!E'5DE+2D]6I

GDX:48!Y


\Y#@C


M\WSU]F^JJ_2%3=6Y57WML !P\A067Y( 34?@##8=*NIAC)T*_;C@LK+J1E
HK3(\6R<8J)&'+JFEK4ZT
M1EL_9KN;*S@)4P3D?FX)2*_NVLLI))%SITP5H9K398[4E@V&@TA^ D'-A^S




68K04L67;*-)3G-P)-
MK.H5J9\2G0YL$39&0
@E:I.JW]0-TSG%\@5O6*B/Z-U0B&'GGB1K
J)'P()4

MTBI51^D8EB:#)*%=2VN.2&\?_2W/B(@91/GA!OK

M)]8A&^-


G

E1M /3R[-
F







MW?:.YA:U%WZSF%E;\:T9\6MI32*US&EAV5#!!$&3X#S':ZL0R75_R-O3G['^
M=N]V)*Z#.CM.=HH!_G9Q!X?D.:GCJ8-9H&_7E8YH.'!L4Y#D+!53!*=$3S
MM;.MGM7$

5FT(/I3

(H5?-S? [_ZRW/1(%!

MQX
T8<M:_EHG; W_X_O87PS6P[!?=I(1*Y_P?@#WE92X6
M'#%T$8S?YXHQ_?.470F/N=P/NRF Q=7?)6![M;CU\7&QJH6SW7F1?4!R%]G
7$QK7P%^<O9X%?0!KBHLT6UJ<9-19*82 N4/?/@NAW7

MO@@I98VYS?[%QI6U!6@M;?'X ,QH7.'(MA&)^6.W BQ U/^%T[($-2!5N#



J-I/#S)E4HFU

M5_6[\V;)?*/K&LA(?:VDQ9+0TA$?ED.LI*1

M@NI'3%Y

M+ZH:](%?2%/0QDL4PZ=F4M8THFMR:$=3NG8=[.1N9JKK8IAQLTI@!51 .&
MFFOPJI:XI17!HRAH&K!W.2K$0XV1/704[IQ21(*SHO%Z&9#^(TE;R^Y&LZ
'




MY\'P''1S+8XC7B3C+'(!]/_9'V 5R=*FKS\2HPJHVY;4AD$!;H+EQ)\#!H

B5UMG56OA


!\0!+VLIRC[V[(8 -:7Y./:HV6M:NK!_=
M_,I=;X:BAUOM-?&

*SP&UPRF4I?*+EYPDPF\V_OAXU5YJ )!FJM

^M'^P;[$6\2O

%:A0OD27W]H'C@TSHSV^HVUR$/A
MSSH?E85PA%$JX.RUJ\LZNS]C)L$3GE%E\N'W\$ [RV[)!Q4Y&G1DY+]*L[7'


BXA/=_


[

M*G;7R#BX



#6T=\[!;%NC3@-E+T(Q$D@_




MX ?7TNBKD)- X#IU

DEDIFA_L





U!PC.!)3\)P;FL
MB8IU7%E3-S7\N;K.A5!8?=V








U
&A'MOU)5F2&J8I7OT79\%D4V.
Y[







62%
\2X3IK.+QX@LVUS


/&ZM 9
MEY3H=)!GZ;8IYYD23'].:^&TV;^_D:8R&3TY@%TMX;HGFV@P_6C]R;.BD.

MYZ


\.^2HV:
M/X5@A-ZMXH)@=8H)G2QX0[]
K;E5NY[,'P7J-*HJ+RXW!:ZO
T$YU908
M)'F*LF3V?E

MW@3U'=EN).;\.

V4SW_79+)4

[Z%=






MZM?.[JSN1(:*K%.W;8:93NF)7 )['PF7JH74T?51S
23E28T/Q*LWMMR-JBD
M



U'2QPJ
IGDM.7Z(%
#ZF:$SKMX4?&
M783H6&W#]_WH'LJH)B+#.WF5E $YJ/@+]-



ML/7;B72C:'^E.B5(TK_7INGG')


M3[8-56CRM^C5'8/
9J\2=+_/:FX[D(00.[:ZFZTHG9;1A7&.MR5C6?O2*7I2
M]! )\4@


@2F%]



QQGZ

F
V#]!A$457[]

M%$3MT\4X;SF[=SX9V07-

9N($$A:\W33.J&*UU

MZ:I[WX/*$^B-6A02QA ISOU+7.G7AP)B)^)I_'K3K@)=@9/O#F(5H(+US9



%[M='&?4W
!F6FW=V]T-'1_2;66+%M


M)MZ?!@AH#P/43ZY&_&M/
I(#A;PAO;?5Z5%<'<H
Y3B\;



NK33CQ[3
MM0@J[^5)&Q)(228LB.4*OTW; 4WC_-@@CY7P8X&='7C-LWA;G;_!=V+6(000
M
/(D^_T-G0!G#K4\*/NDJ\X0NLW;P'[]#('JDG3)?6DW7I _5T,T5A_0M7'
MF[M!PY;;Y!L(]SDXH1BJ60(*%@W




M:36H _99N[I[7


A'^_;.2
T@:^N&6U

MR43VAIM

M+:GCK_D Z6J*%-_ 8&NAR?@6A)K?FUGP.O[7^$\
4!U:0EG7SUK8KHK^5TMQ


O^B3YA6ZG]ZTN=X;@J44:IZ%




M\E&DR&.%ECD\



M975!J.12'SU@OHDJ2

*6F)H+A%27($ ?@J0?^JJ1)LMGUYUF@\



R;O7UP

 4


MY7.1^\+(/0!62OB38* #G=_(#^E%G;V83?N@NWYA^9D-8R? -)V9;V/OSW
M&2OD!V.



PW
OLX.BT]!H(U6K35_V/+Z +ET\?-'DS+&;ZH3QV%P*F4[-?/M94

E1E



-:4A;P+:B=7W
M$5=#1

%$#;=/1$^
:')/#JJ:\N


^ =+IUH5&

M4

M+R#SPD]'?



M.GT;^.J$8'/9.
+\[(+O8(_-]
OZQ1] [93_?9?8UA-(& I7XH14)1!(H GL



M_DX33ZEH
)OF20TC4^N7A$=PHM/JO=+BXYN,C,^D%O*$:9DY
]

M($JUT8$:RJ4H]BWMP]S;.W[^#

KOD0I.
MY]I_LR12XMTSN=U=P+-85E1V1#==?V:4,F]YGGSZYRS./-['@$SQ'N=8-R
MHHY
V

52S#$UR.N_=0\/PRB
80EU]RL*LTJ?^F W-)#%N


GML&;KG%#@0=3Q8(DY[[?7N)W9\K.A
M!OM[(0%=;GZ2 7V('GSDAQ?I)S:+

FT
:/1%48_!

1/9V;


5\J0(NK^OFY
%PN[G&5/




62]G2S9:@$/Q6BB61U\
-*H71


MZ

M$&7Z*4Y2O7!EVK;7WAF?:W?Y3M18V\_K@JSJZ.8V*G HWHK]


GYEEU;N(?6JMT++E$]GUQNOD#

UHE$FUO(ZV*QB
V
E(BN[HZ
2K/


9+3CI
M!C]ZOF@



M58
MZ3..+&06[=%(




-N4622O/
M6?'RVD;U'['+YWJ'3[OW[T?DJU_)F=\WQ



M%WG-FOKUW



 7R8WBH839


0
MX.


FPT!T
M$/G1:P_?8 _?[ N8&/HQ;N$3T(0:BZ#%S PL:^@(-]\2(.#@;J@X$#.&07





[BDW+P
MX;=LI/KXW.TV8G^W9QPH0.SU: XN2S8<3;

MC&H?H'#736_HSW
KEN&0/LK#&CF.;'G;4!Y XC1?PR*81.[DXCJ1(G&=8
M/5)Z/UV1PO
FG!KW2)A)O)U%*M'']&]]G)I[H)#5S2BN:.%M&F?:)M?Y[.

_E/IR]5?


M3S1GY$'W




M[1%_)X\'


CW-



'#Y:25R=*$$!

MCK;*@2P

:+Q4LGKSA$^1!@6^
MQ;W7O()E++'5?!'NDQ#

M


NEB##\.31 ^''
:\4%.GTP

G2\*!$
EV+YO2XB5@;^<!R%,RQFDS?@4.230&K

M'

M58&1^T@'BFFL.#?(?3GLP?N05DEX5\.*\RR2A_




M

.5[


M4Q/;0XCG$O+?239\(8YF]
!SV.@7P4@'#83ZLKC?:ZL9_+Q5/R-XS-?%0E9L

M:JQED84Q&/%Z M.1'[PZQRWWX2V+D9+K 9OZ3E]Z]OTV2V5)E27%Z]*)2:\B
MEO A8E3Y[C8=HD_T7

D:4+$21










M\V788TS
 Y&7!9M]6VF.5:X(



B0A60:CY[-4;
M8VUJ)\V



M(!/M:[ K8FQSE^RI(K11[&



M%I

HG?!891B:&VE6**-K& -AEHJ



M9)V#LS#%!J_$8A8;72:U+P;M5)^\VPS(A+*?4*Q+D6-M56JG;!C=&4
#BS?3





S!LY+?A*)F8W-R]U3'8+/K'V-DEGBMCL/BRD+Z!*W


M+$\/?YWW(+6:+-HU
M)





MTX-*PTT3&R+7
7O%^BI21R%1#KYLO=8
X.6I&:B\$)
IM4F]EC1W-#6A4EW]
MKCK5ZVG(E+V@
?]E^G=84E%
[#&DUFM(72^/#$3



_J2&3?U2#@Z1-C\
M/J2N9?




K+2JRA^79(5SUPBX/7Q-=6N%6OC





@!%*K\2F]0*
5]WS_X+1N//(_;Q)-)FU-.I#B

M.L13L]0WA!X$L;Q)G[O\ZD'05HD\!'%6TSN2I-1$PJYJAC#Z4&KHU;Q'FU


J)ZY50X#N\+

M)JYB@AM7^=G=HQ):-FP28WQ+4OP0_C!JLE+31A
;


8&U
5YZ%V<
N].Z.-#0_%U*+!E++H?








RR2*95HS:M_LX2X^7/T.X4T&$?-$Y)]4?WKU'O@4^G[4_7

M_F!H'C0 BH9.*%L-#1_ZO\2^:\;A8IN_D#QX[2S3G.MU*F9CA\/5^RFH6)

9=
M=AFV+AP9)C&?NC1GY.J]B=





\*HWQY4

U
MWZ=A #@6Z.R#

LJKQZ3]


M('+(ZIC$0/O;GX?Q1P.$5]O2#J@QD0L
#5Q5 I
ULM&S'C5Z



L=9Q
M98$1AB@95(JV86=WT6TU%&BWY!.0@[Z\;^
+3-B[Q19YWQ6L. K.(-JF\W




WX)VWLH
MW8HQ]:OA:15;7I:)8\&2+).,%%P+/+A715*2]':(ZP9G6\%;-DM-W4]C?L

MJR?@BO1/'YTL6]!$=!/EK5LJS7URMAX]BHRS

M8_ZUW(#?H@S-







M!L%2
%)=0JA[=LAE N.?V]W.L=$ V

M(M*




%26X:5









M
OS04^SU- 3/ VO$/5EM-UJ)B/@N)]-LA_4[_@BU7=+SHC-8B 7J2AHIQHNZ

&#0P?C9= A

#.U\T96\L0N.FJ%

UY


M-O

M8$=%IA[(5N!X&/NE#;[&@XLJFV /H.*80&)(SH
3(0AG6E-3/##3V@5[ZY


MHPI;Z&PO]/HCT3LHD[ ]BARN!O++' 2#7

Y6NW@JNE/!] *

M$T[0@+_:Q]-W1Q3F\$=0YH3U^27'WASWG:.-B%58GM71)YCKQ_E/UTZ)EYFV


T







MT^H$N:7
5QI2I^

MUSBQO UO',GXR\:FC^ZOS@F\.O=]#\X@,.!D QF!R?'P71^/G+'Z#?AI;4



VVEO#LR.&KQRZ2
M/2IX_H!K&@W






M?(




:2Y;?2]N1;A!_IJBY

4&OBLU-+$P$
MTJHYE-[

MJ.X()1ATTQFM#_,*C#SE_PZ6*DI6.,Z8=UGXTTF6=#/7
;KY1$HFJUWJTK
MC7AFTXWR6-')RC9QO]20
.0VM#X].G7&QT&AAZO/RJ1P#
:L7[V6KV8P'RQF
ME8T(.B]Q'G+]5)XHU&
+SP#\))E=UG+DX*Q&S7OS@=PNQ-Q]I:6:@1MQ+^E7






M:8H(GG!O

*#1D+X?H!NFP/?X:I5=8$^_HY28C^\Q6.^ @?
A/*XZ]N:\=J[QO?$
MB:JZEV:B)*6RL^?O64]:.T^KY:?-HY1\60UE'&4L!I
J'
Y%D5F#-YNMCY)
MLQA(_O)X[:E(O^O!&DVI4ZL;^$KZ'A)D


^E CQU1.K:KOH/VRWQ4OH%U
 Z8A\$!9F=;0


J_W22M9ES4'O?UI*:]Y

6%0W79[G(Z?:+/FZA@B8QG/5=WM?2D+&(WRN42GY%(
MZ00;N-#5EM 9 Y_@D'$QE5)C^M@J.R)+N?J5M/'WCYCGZTN;E^MSB&Y9Y0CU







$&KAE
M6/T!O

MMEA45RF%&:M=KF:&NO

?-W?/(




MX%L;S]FVO]WS.]'YGHP;_8#330?!'TY/N1.3+H_(4_'9EC@2'WPE (\I]'


+ARG9DCKZ<4.=;W^@#XU;


M

M^4@B






%24T$#B;_4RH#G=*BZWX)T7
MVXZ!9R?+L(#:L7IM+.!M0@?\0X5V@Z+
+97(VO6$!F1)%Y'6;9(YQL:78W
M!G6
18P0H'*L0$97E*

E&E_AZ^FP

Q&/'

MZR^+T'@B3/_ZJL\ZT/N$EN((U@:\SH!*
$^$!'#K8737[W_
0:YGP]A!O:IK
M\NZ^]K6AV8.W5(/0[@M?2UQ8G6\_YWE#E;[8-*$?#GT;IW_BLGE7CY8\



J_T-U['*QN6
\G=PRWPI'Y3]
M6?51]BJ@D;0<^._O?_K*)P0CW6Z3C36\H7-24**'V8]<]=;)L[JK? ,?%8JB
M@60#OY6MP,1W);8TB9K)-AP_6LZ<*8[J
NV3!-D  \J

U(ZWK=_?')[EMOB-OEGR1


MNK_L5)VK RX8 -LG!&?'MV*Z-7QI#2PJKQ)\N]$NV]AUL$)WTH2HA?Z;.6I#


W.RH*AJX^L4+CV!^C-


M)EXC]W\-7J.@*4:Q(R*MZ?NWC0^IXVO?07?9

M)B:1B;A
?)SO
.:JM-S3




MUY\71YKC?W)BAKT:\_Y/$B5RC\7B^5


EB
@A
M1.+&8;O%S.0'3F7K7
LC9I3_)WTK


M\/4
^(^!#+L#:'_4%@J/[Q9;B5=
M/6236NT+#Q'JDPS:] Y7^L'^XT <USNM0( 2FIF:(#5FDU-H_F]JJ(B=$+1
M$;9WC4N9QA+.L'%:O9XSCV2@7DQPKNQU.O'NT/NY8)7W6LG'X
[ZQ%B[[@OR

M\[T\'1D#AEJXEC0-S

'<;B1-6PD5VTNU2I&)J[&SKB TB<?5


P1X G)#2
YE







(?P'DWYMU2NH=^*

TB%1'X$ 6HJ 3
L'YH
J#J(
;+%

ML+_;)#
)H3QYT/F5/KG$.Z?][9@

U__MX




M
+0#@3

M'[JV;-U9J-(TA((V^W#'&E2-[O!LS9$\?UP2]^)=%=/*W0L1U1N='?(^?04'


MIGUJ(IUXB.@SO\\+R\\D2_4CBA [@;J'4\(UY?ECZNG&-S)*XKY4]_&%

=UVED!TM.\129 '1ULZDZK(OV#9+^*8(U8R60=_[
\_%GCKO\.V!Y]:'AKY:O!1K-]3:[Q[$;#EG51<<@+
M0 +NF/K0F7XG[=PK$E]RJSK9(?M0PK
D%J/:LM#M+G+=0R&;]%JVBQI8P$D


@)G4L(_
M4#\R%.@9R$DS+2?/&'A9*H#I;H[^637I]8=FFVDUQ/SZ%F$)%7XQ?QCXS/
MT/6B&Z/U%)H#!UO/16(U2BKK(MAF@L4(GWQOMW


PHO+\88]]YYQ




A_09_LK8X984.7SLE&E4].^.V:
_95W(DU!/9;Y#&K]K;QX%BEL899X




MS6M)4X]4%*0I16@N#Y?$;G8G81C54NCS9J516(#12'=6:(MZR)(6+&6696SE




Z6'Y_3=!H
K7X:?16B;JJ4Y7&*7;33M?R1.
%+L)UWYZO7HNHDLP-7VFI?^069X*;U/6 :_$P26%:+:@D;_J
M.C+=(RNXO+M5*N[6U\BRT[ B,IZDFR4)R[::\-%%3#GYD.;@; *:;P %U(8]
M&<HH'@$9FA!2Z=S

M=^=)W#S'0N1-=@BQJTI2YL3P@U8AA$S^'U+HE&7!QE9\U^5+!+UP!:^ZHP4
MQA#PHE2[_U3SZ0%##SA0$,]MGX$&%6O^*0!*DI_SH?R$03_%D=;1ACP'9Q)

*#R3Y^MFAB

24^DG#WQZF17Y\(88:^%\U 9[E*V\%^M3

M5


NF=R:?7[V&/QJ#[W#Y+8O4;?@
M


M'0



0L<*7.+]D2-I 7LPU/&J[7(0QB*DBX'HP-
D

MS!NC8)\A=]H*I'+


M

+N782N\6[:VF(9&L-
MYU*
+A (6AIS?B!C_0HOUKR?Y?V%2Y*BHEM/W%/ 8PG'JFLSE.7&35'GN8L^


^KSN1IE32X3SG&.
MD-U






#?KAX-Z&;:]F:$GK2I5


/*3/ZWG%F=C1
2[0PE!^
QSITC6'_JGI%XE$%N

M+^8?IA6;\W6NU
1NSK&IZ&EJ7G+46NN^DH*PP0=4,,NCTF?QS]QUS' H)F

MNU#A:_/I[.85IHT0;0DZ)*
4)30$3Y_]*_7%6H#]$/


M7:JW_G%X.6




M4$S.
499C0&E[R:BRVA*.^2*-[*WMFF:J&!B] ]XFTWW8T!BC5?? 9@2
G


M28-TYN[
CT$M[E%RG@=Q%7@0C%U* ()'0%A 9U=*W4*\[0!L;JMS-LOC&R




G'_9_C)XLON2+=)G5
M1N9[W/70'YCHO1W,8[Q;JEE%:&E/R&;104^+AXK.RH;3IVE$H40 G]4APEW
M=W1S1+P2BVLOL,[R$E'2E+8](K9Z.FD_#J]MPW*0N:46S
A&JI3*V!YTG



KF9C9'E%\/!Z8CK7[DNNW_USHY.GB
MHA^:*8NJDTUI0D6J)$-

M[3 _M$:4^U/\LQ8
'A_8%W#VE/X.\KAUEF0UT24C5P\E)H#+X+5LODR?M(0E
)S(U5;'A0&S+6&T 4/S866#&;



;UO&6?8KU=]ZP+5G;$=&'U[;N:Y 1=;&&CR?+-BDJ=66


MR0['-#[IE%#%H


83EQ?3P'M'B54&5I1/S-=+]:G
MTO:YG#ZJAI8_LT6_]A+-7_]T$



M7&0ND8H%P -_+
8X=Z#W0C$8!@QK9NJ'8)*-R)
EBG
T&*TD):[O7C%;$WIN


R'XWCDN*\DFS



L?O+!G=+H
Z\V5OS;&L-_%





[#;R

M6C(






?

*K/%E4M7\&IW2#M6CNL(7@

MZ@J^'
#1GV8M9WH,JT8E&MW
Y+:]V5 8W6:=6:$*K(_1D9I_
;_I_
I5

ZSOU(ZGT)YK'(^





.NL7.BGXOXLX_:$0/R7*?T*


OI$O


)#(#\32(3:MI_2K^RN9
M




M!;[?O(

^XDP0







2%#Y


(QDE7OD
1



4]BS%X=L



M_NY8GT





M'NC!NWM&1^I
3&WM7CF]M3;28

M

-N


MW((WSZ1RQ.(KOR>5


M4R9=TM_







S



MV
7#TZN-\Z$$I)J:E0@Z-JE'$QEH\A6JRWH\/B&BX#C'M@-QH:@SBPW:N%
7T%*/9(%=Y_6.%#Z7G9*S\<D!?5<TB\<4'+DQ=RY=+[$6

MH7UQCN21/^XTMG+6?19'OE?['UW5%1)]G K*J@@HB 95)* @!)4@M*$LDY

MNL$7U

0T_



MLF]5*+S;0V



9C^(S N^%

M0V?(IH-U


FE;L8VT]T4

[1:\.)ZJ50BW59
W6
[OAM58O 3
MJ?LUAM!]-_1&JC6R [$LO]QF5@I
@;YP80'0!FT@!$]=&L.&7:.DL')% 6Y8
MAMB



M#0OBX58ZS98A,=ZNJ1U^E9LH@?4?'T8GHXK#!W3OVPP$%4@K($+LRG(A



M#+ZZG$E-OZ@(HTN*'J?DD2@*M&2!RD-B(?C(]8=^[BRR^@S]&KMC32.F9#
M0NNJ1WC9



M?N33QP-O$]Q/G9*=-I%57=T*SOA

74K;FO:16GM1NO%:XAW0E:\MN%PN9LY,UOJ+V I-;!$.HS
MX=S2ZS3FD&7YNV+%T=G&JTG!U*W MB#6JBZ^M4

M?)8)0=@NT9SH%



0\1V+X'CTV=OY 'R7I:/F25'LO1KE4[
M.%0]VDW*MTYQ6%$Y;4?H!O;
?M.$W)3=+V DWJ^DL2+9^)4V)R)[0 +$DI



UKH@KB7)0]'HA4*D+( KS7//)(?_P'#9C


M[TR708Z;+9Z@TL.(TN# +_R!*

L<M,8.+G9I-&_\LG&YFYW)GFU
M;WO-S37V\P;_40ZG


U0N-+(:JP&N)6\FAI^
%9-3)PMK ]^8FJW
MO*<DI&-ODS4V:7&HU<?<Z:





/^=VG&2+QVJQI








MRE^I
1CGI=3LAP/T8? %+9F3#:( *:M# :\%\9I60U& VZDSVN?8


3
^.+G$)
/M]=%@3BJGSYR35_

D#ZJ(#/
M?P^31Q8]P?.5TE Z3

J+X/X1'[<#U_@LH&:E3K6AHPW/ONW$RS
MO_ 

MQX?JE !I+=9X?(_2N[:\3ZFH.]\?AV%+&04=EY^%M*( NYYVT8=*6EPG-[.A
M.5'=R_VG3:=% @.N5& CL13I7/W9;4EDHF-6!3740&'/KLR[T#+ZUP33R$
MP@0=D[WS(+*5!%5)#N'4\%?AIW53B!O24( S$I\H+-TYL.\
!

M


3R:M!PSRP4*-)%

7351$0!BD3O8.IB
MBV$BU^_.4N:25A!D:I J$UV+'6DER:O4;,Q]J8]6?7LLJ&
RUFIXX
&(5?


MZ%2#5D
=S
B+0AN@/@%ED[0/ZOA6/P4.0^]HEF#@Y@Q9B?1H[ MVXS$::6*0




VD',6(M:J8#/E_(+E$O7#(83
M4XZ7^<33S,M20VRZ(\)[LAWS[<\/BB/@;WCW:Q1G&\ZJ?DJ@[UID7H;!_QP
MO&]C=ZGP^UF?$F5H0?[$%?6/
[
)H? ST@-6!KP5UI)]9&$-\ 6-F)HGN4L4







MZMTSZ 5]5
J.?N4!,R
MU/+] @/9= !#'^O36ZS8@Z&#-RB=7\HZ+3%[P,R];+M@M@4^+M2SU4]L$Y.

M4\4'A)SX1I*5=N=VU#;.

=U-(^




;%BI9[OX:VN)FZ9J*=3V&
M'I96!+LV'F'GA4Z+BO9GTWDC=@

M]Z-63N8RL0?D#:!@8/F
)ZAZ/



(
M!7!D!?BAPQ[2FYEMGR@9WL[]; *1;.Z?D1


5AXRHXB[#Z3-_!U)#;JN9?<8?N5_VKB6V!^*9N8B:)NU$A17?

MYUT]+/0H6\SF[=FI
;$^LR!09ML.P8IZ9^B]1CO;AXRUBM:IJW6J2!!/''3T


P+V4CS1M.= *4 .Z@VT/Q%Y'
M!R[^C=:.4D

3(QG^+Y!3P4X!.P]#\'WU?EJD
U7G)F
M37!VQ4'XZ:Q5_'L'
KA_H


*OECM9J9WX:89:W?KE


6W*%C<



-Z':'K_D35$[(A/B


MOKTB5+H*/*;8PNCO((L
%U00_%(F#)]OU\2'[7GAN/RCJ15Q@OG3)EKE(?


NP^.#69\^Z2XP3('/<?,,Q6WR0XD'-6RI,DB<X
M7BJ_\B=Z</NR!PZ-+V!@#E)7=VAK@9)GIOS#$E0963$GMV+5VI^(U(_0&X_





H? 3FQ'Y


M3[?['@I;&
-[6:PE V^*:^U,,P13+SH=C[PJI9^,C2@'$U67ZN@!K4'F5)%
M[+V^?E(GD[E;'I3:ZWATC;'[JA&I4 ];V2QQ



QI)1P,-!Z\UXLN06D)'
M:1.R!SH[R_UZ3R@H.8ZZ9LN689V&RY+%= GWM-$).9K[:AD2A!?D/UKPMQD'

&A

MM_\=WU-



; 8RJH_I![:
M!

M# 60+I3RDXQ[+'E^U0$8O(D=K*$LSBS-S_'3
Y4 'TTDK2^Q34/WE0\TQ%IR


MK6DP]\ !O-[%*( M]%N 

%D

#EXIOT

.*#$NM9-23(%=
M/ @;


T(%7_!7#+'XIH
_XFIBI;)78
MA7=
.PH/J!N!D:G(1A@STH.*! 6 WI1OFL0_!XT!HF&B*?NVXJZ3;V.K-[R)


M


MJ&^F&DW(%^7*@

V'XS'5^\O'?^)E



='2GZ_2-\K/.)2D)F6R:/



M.

T-=_#EPE?&W&

MIA4P_M_KWK][]&YH
1&@7;WF727S/]OC'Z_H?7VZEN#AQZ!7PY?7-8)K[R
MJO*TIR-]^BBI:*Z__: 1AT2CN2UR!4BS2Q4K8SUKHV \G9O6$-UA4#S;K%@I
IVM<)/RIC8;1H/3+O:CKL:ULJUSW3A
M68#[\H+ !*O6TYL




M

M=-

2T1XO$0VSB^CM: /ZDPZC-&X5]BB;/?(*= '9C
M7Q@8 %+M&^22ZM4D@_QC?-'JXM-AMQ\=Y%#J6U'7MZXCC^;)U-!E\W%B#


'TB/^J!<YQPT-Z<I^A6$726
;M]X9#[5-_J(288J Y('C)3

-_6;NMO^L98NS:;%FD0CGVZ#MCM!^]K4


M[\[:*


U=HG)0@--@7^BL
!J9/\'3
M/_[&6
^I;W/:SD%W[


:6YI# 5KRMAOWFWF0%U  (G#K
W*[O32$-@&/FYQ?Z,[,M
M3=,==%ROMEU9OS NY1EJ/8E7BB\B.[:BK?U;6#F70!:B8.];L#E]#T,UWRO

ML;7G^O+T6+VHD;IOIF



TN
MYAQ)*S9(U#%#1ZBP$/8^]7WOO%-S





PB?$NC/CVBB)Y8H+





MY

M0%1AI'



(I9
M







N
=ZDR538$



U9VO!Q36D$32]P2O?WR\3
M36L$^6]*$X][(O+C%61/
M2 Z]3/<G!B^2AXMBENUY/XA^(+<$I###O'C5=7;W#EJ\PH:


MEN9SITFQ?='NI/@H08B;W2_#M%C._R$


VE6AA*0%++G5[JQD




68%MQ3NNEJ87.9\O(2JEIM[Z$K@]L/Y@T/Z1DQH;





M%I/_A5

M)(?CXR

KZ2\PP6?FXWM


KJT






MAPR/THCKF?DGE8LFJ6E0J74ES=RAF_MOPDTV;K@^?X!P*)(I(+$O8?[ !@



X_1F!2E9V8[*TJO%MMPGZ*X@@N2I;L]E5%W#:B.-32 !N1'3?
MK0TMGOVK&OO$?)-.]CZF&;D(E:7EV

MY1FEQ:

MVBY
YI]Q@)8DS72'U)&$*7!3=D^C9Z\%S5:WGMQE\M[*RTI' 48XP28:NU#$
M^FWBV33J_N[R+'1^&P)B







M2&:69P1& :9M.LY)\!75[A%Q/Y'6#-H8%$#65;AF.FDUX]Y'GV/#[=T0_%

X#9:YD


MUZ]SX:Q


MCESQ53L:[-&







MM.5H+D2&$I


ML$N.A#%K*TE9%N1DQ;!.-AMO.?H'0:7#!#E]_P+Z'AV)B#CH9*O;W$HKB=
M86?






E



F^9F4^

P(]SMD$KE!_?C

MA:$P[1/5A49OQP;;^APU;!TBCOITPDFF;2+KK=J1LT%0W8-'WMK1*UKFA_FS

_0OL*/I;-B4OEPR=](V%[=2K
24


A&)I5DQW+


?]?EGM+HX8)&;YRW!BX:&=4U

B52U
M]P6RF_K:?Q














VVE9%=)&I,1-

ME]3AO@(

4C+@WW2ON94)ZRY4Y,CU;33H%'WN'D<6.J1+3OCE! _;C'[JRR?!




M*
#T9ZN1?\#6C2I1%.BINNG7(@]G3KJ'VSB.4U'4$#DA*8W_$K03W;!F\1_E
M83+M.7

M&
H-3WL!H8W4YE=
Q0QH\@G$ 5W( ]5IYF@;MBI_

1%B[YNOZ_
T1FZ[\%

M2 ^)Q01SH.!2CB;B-


MOU!
%?3GN

M.G!4?$7M*F6%;L?M2G10B3ZJHMH[7F6*:99N@9MH_I8]I;YQM5(^65AA& EC

UO&=&\)DV@E_7Q'4
. .T34=_J?SWW\.?L/?WI59

7F-DW*W'0


M8ENF







MO403O3



$!(&




&KTS@X4G?

%QB/JLH)
AD

@I!\_WM3D;%
%2!N1




M-K?4ITL1=S1 G%R22UDYP)(EIF*?\69*_\X=L1%5T7G&-_X?@.--)W&$NO
M])+FBL



PG]LF'ZK\ -.GE^W/35T_^.^XZI3TK



UR&


6Q=W!6/#!+ZU






MI.;G23R@_+EGTI_'_

AI8@%(-.WL0G6
MO<';,36K0PY,G:6'O@&5'Q&A/S\L&JCN*Q^DQ!9H8UP$%AG+?Y<]6:7S5F5
M=V*





M*C^54?GU!S)$RAS







Q)L'N05S?HS_SSJ_B3D:3Z;607
MK/SO&9 4CX=ZV_G86:
%$ X&*_^_!C6F#?)84N-):L@HBB*;LLH_:5WHM


M);?&(OU





M-T 8
'4P:<7Q2;
:E.)DZPK\86NL-]<MH4MN/%X0TQSH


$A

M2==
975UP\EHJ?]HMI1^QO(]S]5:@?W2)@5URA(DIZL!86NT2CBNB\-;O#]#
M?DM@U
=V]A0CPA1CLD1-8&(T
;NP_]L;4252PJ
@5Y!8#?L@DH#;YA
GR5


MAC#IO=-;?_PJ%*(%1C_

MBU XHN&
7ATW6.7]F^?!%.O)6/A632+4I4ZW[RFMU305,^J7R
M)\USQ'G5<<F++;#$^/:Z




YLX%Q\'RBYA9BVWV7[4@=O@*%+5CY.#AL3U#
)#'#9MT E0R



ML2_I.#G**







M]$'@JP:7?!:2#4

PJG26K7?&!;RZ?4D00;U
MM\*99[4AC<Z/P\SK&N *OP5$O5J=*G#@(#Y&
B77/ZXL&!QW__TMR;_&_]+

+
MB6-:P%8PR[M

MM4^*R_(@TB3Z?:8%MLCLGD$#D1
9LJTFKG[BT2*EKXT#-]C9D#GNF(:Z:(
M_Y_^WWFV]NF!1Q(LE.RM#Y#J]6
JU#2]!;LG;07!Q63OVF]/I@UN/'%.!0!G
M!91@A DEY(J!3;\SJA.EM-ZVQJ*
(YC#K- Q$;?7/M.MTV[E=

M!F8\UN'LLIH;-V-K:\ZY%RYJ 3=[JD7B[IF9K_5CDHK /\%E]8J7B_?@IP:G

M4RDK(LERQ1
BLZ+<K8D&K5&Q5'GG$:HN7RMY^ZZ
/J^:).<:L\:)T
MTRVE7B8P6OWKS




8S-1#B]5FOL


KBSQWJCZ_1;L#_G$=



M+X4A6JK#@MI)16LO

&!


M)


%*6A!:5-[UPQ3NE9_+8.9ORG63!U[L1]%
MR 95XYYG1G=$91?%21=]URJS,?#X=]'H6T,.T4G/(K@T?UBVI_2Y
JX3Y4


M



M
M93BO\;#._D!%N=9VKSV3?O6POB-N 6#=SL-.?)U*0I*-
PV$VTR$NNV=
M9'N3V=Z.N.'JVBWK0@;%M4]2R4[O72?S3SSO6/?^N
EZ6')9




04VI(G?@UWD

MX:3W4$\&=LP9].Q9Y=/=DM/J-Z?&:7&B!Y11=*=A38RUA*G;S.^_&.%#_B7
M1P4VI@@)3(VG2W#]Z3)!$J7S%LS@^4P1%' FW$_U^1S5R;V6?N22:[=)Q%/




M$Z6YO1#K[(
4A?;P!.LS\J;JUOUDK]7I&DB#VD\[[ 333CNY:J8E=$A!ET*
M5^+R!=-5JD$LJ2'J956(*W:2!@!C0?(O8( ],\HBG[&\

M0-EZA0KKC=./-\I[];
.$X
E6]TXL&
J.BKRS(] R8!O=9VS;9U9Z]K]5W3E



[EWMQ3N144( _F*1]KP4


Q= C9TUZ]4RCR@0Q'L=5+C V#)XH=L\7M
M440Z$&&4MPG4EA$451\)C/8 A+7+F87[23(&3@X
37$&5?P+^G;&ZX5Y&Z\
M=:GCFD'F88AX?!ZBL6P%?X
AYQ.(
37Z[ V1SE;EV_^N$W5P?MZS^.92Y+.[
M:ZWMK:'8-BNANB5)9ANGXLY)MZ_:^HFA^*A0(5:6Q@/WM\_06AZVQL__]!O;





M
MCJC?%;\0\?_ 6WSH3['+;@04RY%)XNG^FN6
[
D!#T5O'W*TX1V6IKAD^B




:E:DS9Q@*A&O&FJ*
M_O[)6-2VY'E9=I3NUU]?:.\)=0:DT.#(]=O@,S]V5,?3K9G*[FWU*T6GZ:H









MT(SMY)(4
:];.S'C^DL2-#D4XL'48=





M?]MTM2)LU5QV8M)4M
6I#L;P#B
/ZKG018*B]*7*#O)MT^1<XE3OXH/2BA?P<Y6V@!4E.?:&S%JIIU7[YF





MU]$A@P(4BKY;)-Y;TCS=D$KH$\?0_--BO-N=8DYLXDL7@K4N&1FK
CKN:;C?


^-
M
;+MI-/'


M__:%;X43 ^)7+/[I+Q=F3IN3B-Y)0[J7@Q7;@&;?2M_R2QMBW.G;H
&&+



#66A.K2M-:U=[!PARU_H#4J/ \4

<*).S
6NV

M*(@S74YH4\2JWS)8_#_](/'_;PS %;
KCWED


\[;7^K9:WA'[@2:KP;%

56*/4JMJ1&LEM%9K1
2F1BFE
MJD:MN$J-VHI0%2LH51&[5I 0


QP'
V








_DS%+VM^<I$N5(/4XD
#

MV MMZQ\\GHUHH&]^X;777XETCX%+6ZM


Q?B;(%XAIE( $(V6L!

MH&GV79QC)9*

;ZV-SU%ZU@)VX-XW@@*MA^1[D[W\S2[0ZBHS]*-O5<3



\VP)?A6N2\A46X)7='W



=/%KBOI U


&5997%Y




=OIX1S?N8WI]0CA /S:\







7F..I6SA;G'L@0+D.M1C5E=[JLH0#' A:



MXXX7&)OJ@'N[$589
@L1UE61I!Z^T/JS.RSP;V\

MIX\
G06U\

YAF$*



*+)5@97@1W&%*5WJ)!7^M\YKDZB(]3OV[V^G$/


ME+.T@-NSV








M/YWA^WC$ZP#H8ZX0;QA_C*BQSQM1A0T)40X613]Q1Z:66H8\/SE87X!=8%?I

HX)F7]+]HD9S-#.MH92=2[\BE* RRX
MA 1]1/@D^1EZK^ZZ



MS^WDW'R4).
GYTX[)UXCG(4-16$^$@
MRV0^0NA% !5[1NKQ8^#&Z@]H/8[&\ON.U\Q5JB'BM*(A

M]^5_I6E^





K.$  --,0 5    <V%F;2TR
#(P
3 S
5]L86(N

 24!SK&5=VII71VY5M7IE;6MA.#
Y
M'1F1(AE5E?KT#^ 1=S  !LED:S36595) NX_$#\X' [W?_^?WQ\6X*O
\G2U
M_(_?^7_R?@?DDJ]$NKS[C]_]].4-Q+_[G__Y+__R[_\/A/_GQ:=WX-6*KQ_D
ML@ O


M(@(98DF




PP02)GV( N)!G$@

M

74ANX.&YX:Q6T.

@Y73.N6







OBE$K5'-K



O&E0/Q7H#/#-PL%J7;
M


G_VC
#.?Z;;9Z_LM0CKJY

2NAL
1


5
%B5QE
/D9.3


M#!


MU!*;W2I?/3SHC6YU0M;=47%Y$'R?2YQ(']+8UX/ :0QIH#A
.$D$2A0B@70\


MCY 8

M(P*)[WLPBA0*(I9@3E4/:16O&(

MW5(Q&
0#KQKVJ18K5
YM'1\BVVHSEQL4S DPAYV([-I99%R\TTL$K
M]3Y=I@]TL7AZS.2C7M,$OT_YKW)9[\5]QE7F( H%!%$@DM(L
0)R'F?+T
M3Q([$]BBM^G9OF^RU3_D$M12.G@[+L!JX4+J#ZJ!&6HC*&@D;?#JXB:Z )R#
M;Z@_ $=R)T'LB?_CQTBK4Z?TV
Y^FQTV7/O6/YBB.)9L7\DR'EY@/U
)=8





NN^1]V1N2)RN!ES?K\K72WE1_52&R;IYBA4AHP$7@AE
M*&*]_9(Q)%)OOSR.$B\..77

$8VA'(-+(-3QRXB
M ^0Z.J]]O]1PU,O()'!.R^/I?O;)D2/DC21O_F0SY47$C^
(YA$)NM:R#G$


MWB]F ]-@(RSXH1'WC^80KT+QW5 H.CC2^T5S)&?ZU:BZN=;M
6IUKULT
YZ+

WDB9-]MEE2C!?0$#8:Z+QI)%GO
Z]+W4YZL;:4O_#7;/M

4J0B
MVTIZISJ8&FTT







10)M2'


TEN,FJOU

J

M+L 'LA
M:8H3I)9;LNMA&GH[=H3/ %'C%V#H=1MVIJMQMV#M^AYMORX\/K6Z0!]6RZK*






0
^5+



 

M&!0

(N@79WHZ2V_KH:+=Q;BI)
MF?9
96R3$;LQ2920W/= 4.!)40Q%9 1SB'!01)Z*I8A#IQLN+-=38VHMY*




MM0P=?KNLJ&TNB#*;
PI#J3R]:PMC2!B)H



D(
M8M\$.@H41AX+HC!T2E-^NINIF1DO:7X/5NM+5;?JG:U28EY\((GIOL8XNU



ZI
+YJJ?2.
M2OC:FF88TL 7



M3$#E=;T&\ATMP%8-\(M1!)2:]!]=U17+ 8G






M+KW01TC2)Y.%^:/Z*9=EWH4Y]P.:4!AZ$.D?0HI$'B0^G+*!:

MVMOD3!(C'EPIN


M0MNBC]2L_

V



@&SV J!4!J='$
MX8C\^M&SB(
K97&?S[D74R2)-F$X3O2RJT91E0 62 0]D+B)[&3MZNK(%-;
M$/5'[KOM CH/@=UV8 Q@!U[5*A5FX

P-_

MPUT+8I\[A



JS4.98_EF*=YI
M26L<:QU;H
MVME3O6
V^-POY:WSIILS_%+D\K2C%AK\4(O=XYT@)YAZK8ALU?&XM9%=L#BJ
MDNST\A7!NOG'=9$7^@/1&^ Y3;#OAU+!
/ P1)*%$(=Q #E5# 4T26*:S*O[


3:P^0SL
M2-=SL.PIQ7N/:]WK9/P0U%
ZGHP6/?E@QU+S61U759;6*0OIS(6IZ8R)A*%$


_L/@!E4WK

GUP6$'S:IF4+M(GD!PK!.);:


C'\\?Z'1\[G[X0+=I^&*=+HPQ
M_UX^


T]U/.M8/3RLEJ5A
M?DNSCUGIVJQJT#97






[\-_I*D
MGR_I[WXL=Z!LKZ=Q3=OC'L(=:'1T]G;X^XZY5%*E9:U2]D\4W*Y2?Y52[7

MM7-




M3@




M/29X

M0J7$8'
QN)*Y;RA=

M]K





_YH&&$.J4\H% E%


O])$CW!J6=N2;'82P3W66+E7C[;P]3F



H
O+

L8^0]3JB&6OU2G.T30ORNB)]Y*:4ZOJ

M(CK-R!8@+7UO5\$SM._-#1EWU]M9Y7MUO1WW
J[K[:R61ZZW\T_V4?FNJJM7


MZ


9

MX'^DYE.NY72(73P%X06O90^P##RU*^D:-Y/;3M8'&(XKX1GI*#-?9AZLQL

M2_VGD1B4(O=YL&.!3-^9Y\_V-WKJ^4N:G\H]?_&=;CSRTS*3W+P@?EIJ#41J


NR^K#[)X

=\J51@ER+%ML.IF6.?Y-?5XFN9
M;KHZ;5%U\
(


[;NP3

MDV/_4Z.J
#:]Y7QT0@T1Z'T


CD;O23-@YQ+7\AW\C9TUV-'#W;JN]Q!&W[



7+U8-IO30DZHYN5X7N)Z6+&\ZS-5W
%?69)B@=2X


M4O)M?4




4)3!3S(4IB4Q
F89!QO:=D2HDP#)V
U;XE


UUV3G'9_[!;&L7/.9A#F\OG


5%J61;*J
=\JVJ
A/=08]&IB]R[DN







:LO<K:+Q:?#:I^_5D P\=?M&













Z

M^JW

I(6*:

MOTO9*@

MK$P#FDGP:E
'M6MR\$NC;&E7#3%V0QM9.PG W^TEV %;P4=*^FV)VC!IOB]U
M_DR)O2TQ.9_*V[:!:XGR='V33U);A2DOZJJEFJP/?O+3
BWR^E[]TT$2?L1Y
MA (:0
8C#I%$



O.U#7@A8.6*<8@1
M#JA4%
HD
.DQ9 AI&%&84





O$
M)EKV[

MR_HW /M0/[[&^\7(
#H+27IG(]KOMZ-I2O&PO2#=UE&))L1*!@@DU*;=
M&4




M(^!VV\






 P9#Y$?L(@P;X/?8]Z


!B!=
M_A%L8=]J


01;I_WBA


HQ\

?;6D



D$TUR?BVRW=.?7]USQTMGY49GGBA?1;ZOH$=\


F JP
-[UY6.DY



9R[:Z;)GYUF^TB75^J; G;8E


4)$:&5]WD@^::V1-5Z'98@*S4K\U56)S7[RI6;R/V;1D9!
M4&KHE/&\__&W6/.>=U0'7B





R[YO/YQ_KF/#.Q/^\H/G90]473]M'ZL#MFV\T
;8#+*F,8@1#A$S5
M+C^$1,,$<2248('81 XY<P;2_*I
?1/M71538:\+--0_=6Q/L-X8R^\$%$1

MZ7)I_F%J)U7G++^!3R



MJ%^K2$S_Y9[3C8YKVT*=

VF)/$2SVE/:MWUU9X4^N@6ZY=!\@MS;M!@!PK$D(3
M0X/GCMR#9F)R!ZQ7N\B^]W$-&V=4CBP3]Q8Z9A-/\\=53A=_R5;KQP^KPIQT
MKY9%NM1]UGD45LN_T'3Y;I7G'Y?-XW/!5$!1@B#CL4DB+@DD09Q (70W-$P
M1)!;

ML0[6H-&C-@% $_&%7^:

MJ;'



L))W0ZG]^F'NLW5MTL]+71[S;)*8XXQCR04)EDP

MA3

MYW'


M21A'J&
TC[
L4Z.M[?W5BP9[[\-B:?V
 _;0%M).-!^J;KC$=@6EATI,J@S
ML,.$KF+\TRQ0YUQ.Q]



M
N

MV/





OIIKR[!UEO(6
RX
6MI$IIL# &D*%00*^X%?DQ#YOLN

N*9GD9EKG9M#QGF


MS%482.9A A
6FYI+FB4)XQP&
HD2%D8B2)S




9Y
/1'79EW:_

[Q4J'*+
MUAJ!?_T]#OS@WTIFAL;NHZ;'1\..!H#,Z*6O+G$4*?PVXAOT*\4 +L:S[
G]R[41
M*C
MBR;J]*O45'W:*5B6!ITK[M
D0@'TM

M] 9FX$:E&7B[
VB52K/353]V3X/T+FZQ+LO5+41] ]DQE/]?'\,W3?J?5)W
M;[*-RNE](WI(]KVWWS7RFF?&__!*5G^^739Q2=HFGX=10J2GAY3YDD4T @2
MCQ'HR]!+& VD C7=$,M_75PB [,V3ON09BM^%J1Z778S561&8E'_BAD?2/



%[
I



QT(R)\
MNP2UD&Z$UHZK'7OUAM; 5+65$Y28I1O
!KC9;05*G[33WN&H'&.E^R&AV+UT

M

V59[H#5^?S*71KKD%+L
Y=+FJ6K]ZM
MFNTMBFYE9L)E:I





MGTM]CAOM8XG 4;B/[7M=?6C_O:YRS^9?5B9QC+8B%W+O:LR7U4N:W]]FJZ^I

MQ*G_(=##DU7MO1T5B/6:
E6

E8I#O2V47A0XQ3BV
M]#4UNVDC:IDV82.LF_73AJT=^?2$V
&*0421A)2KF?

&*JG!+_6?
M@QQ1.@'7)Q_9=3PJ


M$#')(4)
DT/
$0QH$BK](YDPYIH]\UQG4Z.'W71D
S_*2YJ?25UY\IR=;
MXX

M=3Q):H6VH_'1$;#G
#_




2=C04+.%W-![Z!W5@)GFME#1A.A+LF!8F+QS85V4&






M:L\XO_X%2.HN40 $LKG??7+&[3;)M=8#XN$LZ1ISQ\]=4%P'SG



ME(4IE







7/S[;)]W_.5U-H&(@E( [/@)<@!TQB!0BNM2Y1B0)]FXNRQL99
M!ZIF3M?



9




55'Z)5=G7[4


QIKXS6[/P?'CI?20]TQ./:*=H MT%WC]]GX^*_F9


M1Y1.#)+V-#DO:=BN))W6GO05Z;[ZEJH:==JZVV+?=9;2$BEL

BY2P8U4@'*





MB&-0HD+:10\5@#*E0(EAI;@N2DB\PAG[4&YLT[A6W?6DO]NKXYR)1O^[;+%=

P[O
M0+MQSS7
81MZ/8U#YPY@:IG#;1GVA-;!'F-?

L:4


M7 8+X)J6KE\S RQ7;JDMF5&%1O8?PV*XS@L:V]3?Z-6NDD.WYB^@Z;OY?CM&





JM
\DAJ@!GE'!N(
JQ?S'A4.FC
M(_:-_IEL#
C$#_OCQH1
;&W(^-:(D-.\T-'Q.87M$?.^27L+=ZM[]O)'MM
^

$?G$#_(&'FI'P=9]:ACYTP&/)2'L/SQUC'Q);

MSQ^)$VMSO8U;K)655T@0[N

T%Y@)G]EC3T(@JI








N]/









?
G_WW5-6-ZK;.BK'_@\

MH*)17UVN+TAZYFI&75VLKUP=G[+W02^G_5FKEY;EWL2R8XY240E!N #
P!

\/4_Y8&2B
M\N?.6I\@5^[PN8/GQ9TUZUP.W/D+XS[L_[E8_FZGS'Z%FVU;M$T;=081SQFA




K!5#ERD41*BU;



1QV

/





M_+%QS5;];*M_MF= ME??VB



Q8_L






6H0!
L8 ;B0$M-22Z*K(
M*^9)
M=$C8];VI8O4ZG!8ZUO1+^7+FR[.24E7CU32:UE9M4$C9ZW]'_I BP@






7

X7\A:$1E$*3+ M9






HR*/62.C7

MV_0RT1NM+?.NUM-O=9;.4VU!-K

7=9HW/VO@O/
M='UB3A$:I%/



MJ

MS+DT104H

IK[G


;2Z7$BMU:K-L&_;G+ATUSHS\-UJ]:35


M/AIG&LF@XIY7A
XME7(@;Z94SC;ZIO]YC0.

M+)1+-?FDE]^G4J\^+69JHDU9:OL: 8




I[8
M1U'YKL1AJ^NV^6XZ%\(/E90NPA6)@[H ?M8??^(][XKCD7=SN72/?:V;/]_-

RGP=@GK8P\2I;;C7-0#;=F!+&0\%CX\=,O4 ]5 7<1N7L
MQ4;YGRRXV5;_;,^ ;&=!.OZ*Q2XEHP7K,C'Q2)TS'K1STG9]G!O1?WRQVG[

M9_OP]6M+36_Y=-ETE5)(\H*@')2T*ETJ)0.\




F I();$0N5U'

M.IT
X@&/DL]F:#0:9[W40+X!NOY/8[O5&








MZ9K/]BK%3PJ


DLJ:'MFV52H!I?



MV7]Z*.UW6^R*9V&]#+5Z:]7]Q&?ZP=C?V$77^H=+%EJ[1IO_\S1]=!M1UETQ
M N

MW

42%?^ 6'# $5(@KPDE*J*YBSW

M?_]7D 47:+\\')Y;YHE [GN_?(/OQSU\N;%#N_.V
N/XIRDO^'ZQZJF@^U6T




0*CM+&*(0H
'+D8



L!=1@974C')3)%#//FNEV+AGY$?ITK(--Q7J+_9^.O3-Y?&NC#9JE8^
MF]96N?
DY,6-SMO#

\^?.3^2X#3P_D
M.Z].M'7TJUY/MSS0K



MO
JK=PD9&S=L]

MA&O&[2\0KEX;WL7L\W3MLCK?S=7T^U0]\5E]6E%*BF4E2EY,LD(H1*PG)5U
MW7.9DXI7&OIV,#LK86R3O%;2.;D[-8,.A2Y#V3W#DP#4\_2.P:HCUFG_;?V
M
#O_\
'ZEW7:MM^[K/O16M6@?AI9YK
UV_6K@SG:?I_$L;PN;:MVS*NFFI
&X72WH%?'(5/%XVT#@Q6KUBB^7/TS39'8U4:02A28(E$AS@(3&@!J714P
MRH0N

P[P



M.D[O::5VOPD
U_
WX^4D/:

MR1V4CT*0.*:DH'LC2XJY6-CYEWJ3EE*ER@)2(#DOG:NC &=$ 6-R102MF/6

0BOH'5J;=*Z6'N/'[;:U:E=)S6L


^VT2M4!NW&6JS; I'[Y^D#@0



MM.)0Z @LKYCKIA;D0I0:2Y1+BI3&*^,DO9Y8R/UG[6]=,H]5V,M)E?6G^&6
M]LQ[/[]Y^/CSN_L$ZU#TSKR.MR5UD!(ZY^ ^VD_\+M]SC KKT.EMRNNHU]'






G?

MF7:+WEXJ=:UCPO#?+@B21@&?%31L

 6 (5@#1G+HS3 0PAMS^
MF+#@R+X!]1];


=X(U[\2^#?V]%5L5
U7W '/.I57T



MG8O'I2L):OV1M5
VCL@/?CCW[@[)E36J7=BB^K5=QWYW:5H5QGZ.3=T\(!

YF3NG
*O$MXRMW






=T$&NJTG



M[7#E(/C)_7


M_@PH'^2P/X?\R.\6?WMKED)]$';?^$66:HX%X)7 FD78

M[GJI

)L.J9



^^M?(

MCKF_GKT.LKO
NVJ7Q(PVLG=*)DU6H9/[ 
0_6=U+#1#36D_


M]32S'B@L0


M[







WPPN


M/O$I33+UAC[@28WKF;.AY*24/U'O9XNZ[#/,Z7&2E06FF,4.XJG%1
 6HD
L1$6FZ[^T'V3[^Y=-TYF)'5C\O%ZO51%4:8EDH0(K2 ,0P
M!HQR S2BE!E#<Z]Z.FRB+&QD%.R=D[$1LV 1
;S(%[94\3=][5 X1E_:W

T







M:6.#T:YCXYE6&/4EF8

M\
9^(V=B8E#%#!

K[HB:@D0Z(@ &

MT\PM\!\7:_N7:;
@

=X-X_YPB.WU6O_\A:

MX/4GV^5EU)VL]$[S0
+P0IU8G

M:[[T+/V3'/EC#9X!?5=I6.@OTWG=
7UA




M(*%9E@

FA=M ;-;
7&X5_



WK%JDG8G

S('*.0%$B2#G44A@8LD=T*F)L^T/-8F6UI^=?_T(+2/Y6





MXIRQ]A2CZ2T]5WRI5G]_5'RM+78H9^T[JS5&2&+[;9)5#I#KP=*^ZGO-!0



)




CJ.W*;Y-+K2T.MZ2
Q.<SZX
L))^_OC


8 @A)GLO*NG\ZJ&_ .2%CHY ZIME^.3=:1D:%


V(_%TI9WVA&&/;G#U^DG?&\O
_Z7Y

]?]5)SIV%(




MW&ZH;A0.S&WO!MEO/R

]R]X(E::)[M\1A
8 T08 K00')
MV8H-%077J?@7M+&YH_6RSB[N&O4S3;ZWE#MK1ML/V))!F'?_N<MZ$6DOGN@

]I0C@!BIK+_X7:U*Z$&
M9069S*M24!

?1]R&3L_$L =
+^%SEXU/6F#K
M5
JP!;8N6GE28.ORE7'3NRF)\6KQ[7$QMWY)6_5)0
0J6DI0E&4.$



MFQ]=1*+1

MST?[=3V
:GIU__'-IWNYOO_F8I

4


M=S;*[Y\@._VS0P/N=H#?98T5_0(?$%[4[P 

#8R:/7+IAL%0[V'(_Q\
M/89X5'KW$AI WET%)
(I.&]U6D?@2
+@X'?<]$5&L)A%-SD]R6
MW2_M=&EKI_93^3X1?DE/)F]4:=A3RS3XG9QH)GIL'+_:95BSP?9^L5I-L(*4
MBZH$VZ? 

E
2CEUF?X$Y 0ARRX5
84 1
M*ADK2F)*/IEKS\[MX8!MPW/Z;M:^@ROJ1/T0-;^/9/3KT_


M$1'1FA9V.LLBM[/;8 B8%!1(B5BG$M\\!F3YZBQ\:6K[XZC\XR0
;K4*5Z





M&\4Y'9NB;T[+NZSN./2;TS2TAN8Y1+T7^C?AU/^Z/ABBF$7\10P2K]E/Y0R]


P


MIYYG_18BJV-6*]G+!N


MN!!! TA))$ EJX! N8OR+K5U^A5G
BC3
E*/L3'*

ML.7\;\/KI.;_C8^+.

$L&J'_AR/973






$5P

L4WY1D%WP*$W*H86^3W%
M\?H\3X!.WV?336'?'3YOKN(34=+W(@(W%_
]??+ 97POFG9:P/?RI8$;?
OU




C&

IQ0P=F6C
MH




0






Z_/XR._PO#V,N=ZL%HNZ+/AKMO[.YC8Q[:ARUMO5
MD_G=K(19#G-2 $F5+2+-)&BA(!!E1*:$X:1U_E#IUZGQEH'HY.#U:=EQFK#
O.4%T8Q6<JMXU$YR@N+<X;RNSDT*^7]?*'6


MDB 

AB/5&N!2\]QL/TJIG#P$

G&W


M
Y)XQ6WLY_S:5:RHT-[,YD
M*J$A#@*$S%. =<H!3W4)I-E,(9Y1F&?$33/K:OM.'_]19:^JG 39VNC'%:?0
MN9&#/QPCI0V=CU4:1KQ'O2K X[Y9)]V



/8')$]?()RBI.'8_+-CY87+0U\VQ/;-[=7*=YIF&A0*:
M(@4PY01PIB$@



&7V
VG!

MI--$/M#XG1'J&/O-TS_G]XQWKJ?#VI


39_XRRS!2N2BIV:U) K#9PAG&LH+E5O^#P9Q#-XFS
ML.ZGQFG6^NH83NV'U


MC5GXOE^MWS8QV_8P]$QB71982XT,'LWG$-02DT *F6*(4]AD6I/-U%G9U/C
MB[VM53A[L=K8L_ZOUDJL?JGU7&U^2ZSP8*@0AA/\SEZC** .3=7)!).@]O-


M[_/-HKZNVI_



MI'6EXB0 A4@R_,,8&[65R7DC#



M8^*(?V)V9



X%D\AQ
MA.[^QHXC]([\2ARA_Y[ ! =#2/8_NVKZQ1:JDFZVY;2%67[9/YA.3W]Q=&5=

V0 

P5*HG
S;2F3

R1CW$^&8


BLW.1G_


+?AJEMVUM5%YM#VU@\5U5&[7Y8234NSY5NR/2X$=# H ]
3;7U

@PP(?I

M=G3DXWRIJMC-+

K.5UU-+SG)C+!+C15V18AZ:N&(AZ<Y0'1C'YR:7;4;G) X=S7O*Y-33*
MVZ15JW^OK/!H$_ZZP]F/G^?V=KF1:K'I:R8\.V^$.0A;:(42N9FLPE$C@Q?

M'HQEO'HX#XD94)6QKJI81[U2.QK4(&DPD0.&\F^SZ21@]U1\+N,A\=I-HQX
M_Z[FWW]LE7S\93;)W]5I]Y]VV\W6?$M%@';S
6L4%QBF6I04B+
LA;9:$F
M%(@RS3&'.9&Y5VDNK]ZG1JJM\0FKK4\VE=G)ZF!W\F__6B*(_CVI!I\FB^;


M




M40&I(!(#HBD'N

^[= +J

(TW3G!8X]SJ:<J]!



M+VLYN4U]4K%2-R@*F;&

@ UU#8M40(F#4%CI1@M#3]#MUKD]QHR-4X^6)9L


F?N
M_8]=]LP;F2O5S_S;$PS




K]8=1^IG%'/!IV!/+-YLE+F5OM= $@XA BE%#*OI(<[;)D:+^_EA)L*


MRHQHLS+ 2N6


\;=C:H;XT3!:FB6\8+)FT5Z




M]2^]$+E2]/O_H!DR==LH[ZR!5L_OUD]V95.E0O69*5ACG6LQ00JBU!(0EX
MBDM0%*HH


$^[XCQHD;-0_*+&!'UM&#=4&(C0




MPM5MP1H%K8'Y^HIZZ$/2F!EOZ=F+1


MC C CE

)+UJIK


#



M W5.D2$@*!'G?I*:5WJ9&O$TCOG&Q(?VA\0:FWQ:.DH/W :V?UD1!:ZA-P^A



O7G]H=-9V7+YQD4E!9<0T 9,GLRF I
MN:2@8HK(VDAD[4CW]3(T6F[U&:VM2&YLTUOKNR:Y#Z[HKNQNP<?9EOE@%
M[
IN(G'WONQZZR/OS&X.\7)O=OMR_XS+@^?GO]AB5[T@'I?R?^_88JZ?33^/




F


)\'+S.I+GX 7FU\_K

P
W'151.YR//_&
M








M?0(?0\ TQ25/-6YK8LC)_Z^

W9[LB$@-_*RWEB:-


MNS$_M+]K_

M.6=7+3W).+M^1=@2]HO:
IN#V^I
JX.%.1N!7@.,BYLJVQ_GRY

M&6 $4D R74I*I8;(:6GBW_74:.*@6G24(VEL]4R0]





M+



MYMKQ7'G\8[ZY$P'Z9
P[W&O5 UATB8=A=]B-5!L#C\6IF&WZKZNWWW-)M^

M(5H 3

M'$W2I3Y%;TF-02;+(VEEW$D;*=-EK
GS2Y2)!_7-[)H(W8R7DA
/DY
\GHC-

MXE@[E9


M#(A=5#_
$':.ZY(9$.D+[\R0?84Z:FQ(P/9C6W]C7C3?[1FHRK!6 T+)K


 0S*\1428!Q)C&C/*69US'' !NFQCXXA:_^^*U20_<CG1#\W5AH8%0'




M;FU_J#8CVTKG9&^_K^R6QQRX;?Z&0G9@\KX)ZG E0N]!+:YFET?_(RMX^2-S

NS98
MU]AO+M N;AIO.=9E[\GBJ_.B0,&&1OWALUI7 <3#.QW3/$VY65?)KP!UIG9

*-=8C30

MP!J8(HZ
?$A:T/[1&AJ1(OK1B%OOJ;.WD:L[]8WZLI93[QTQ19].\TX?MTU)
ME*]F.;FS8G


AB!RE[^AL[)#\[3%?B;_WW!ZU?F\XX:!WB]6;#LK

Z
PIEG6U]:D10[.PKRU
*A-]]SG'V+EN







O.%__]'R)


MG/UUL?STLV!

?$O9R'B;//32<;IY/F5LY)7*V7(:TGSLF

;/=?H_[KST3'2'47\A
MJH_TV8D1KF3 B)G&E3@-X*A&25




M#Y*R$UIL[V@93MI=@.=C^/-U)O%-R_0L
W)N%:5&KS
9Q%*(&\:&2T QL#0
MMFA90:1U,1AL[B%B)\XW@$SA(2[@
I)SJ2U?E?;Z9SY!/+I16,I$*8#Q1_
MPL4C5


M_S_]NG&IBC.


BU!6M\\CPKZTH:XM#GVCMW@T''Z=&#!3BR
A5LA\^/XE+F839S-CVADP*1%Z%2DN:DWHY=H53;KD

#BEL%494$0G(

M:$
S+(*2H/A3P=-$+%;2T;@!D/$C$;A#I/H$YA(B[P,I_+F:GI(#EYO1O
MN9HDKA0/T4*,CA@0%F[E 
DHTHH@FG)AP@BMKY\-VQTG[D\1J1=8.+YZ;+*




M&.X
Y



Z/'B'3L6LZS
MY/Z5U;NXKUY*EQ+=J&3-8ND40RHSC-9IZBT83[(5)A][U_-V1TG4=1+ C
M@^-U*LN3TSRE3YRLU[@Z4\#&83):.*$4(^^XUBN97!(;2D6BSDE2;_.0\#C
M?@IV TC'B=*!A#L81/[EYSN2?$
_.*Z+TO.WOWYX^^;UBY./+U\\.WES\NOS



G2
M;VFE




MB(Y5]VV[
Y#L1X11=6

G):H7KU:7/GS4&

MY+H.'2=WS0L(J*)/@97@FC@[#Q$UKMLS/*X&4T '9NOU?'6ZK 
D/N!Z/=ML




M]5L['AR/FZW4C-

C#$K* 9)#BQX\*@YI**Y8TF(C%M:R [EV/00
M
0UX/+&7-#OP8=Y
0YS.INM:Y#$_.]'_O)C5NMRZIZZ_7XJF]M(G
ZB![!YA
_LZU?T6N






%G=


MP2%[YG
NPMG4)


MX?Z*Z0!;U]JBG]%O8\B86013N $E:84ZR07HPDOTLCJE3;;9VX2
70;1Q' =

MG


ZE[CV[)^\B^WV[)
M3+$@HY 0%*.(0&A&^[CTP+5VR=B4].W6EC]\M^1# #&@%'LP*7=O-TH4F(VM
MXQJ9KJ-?'3A3&:)P,\L<KI-2E8Z[Y8\B--RF)0[P
G);+;XHU:AOEHL7RQ.


I_(4^6FM*Y0.FK7:WAT.RBJAM9%7_Z8VVY$U)F7^J0U%ROYT<2E=)
MX8[C









A7
MKL!JD@5+/$=!4N&A7G[)$# K8!0_NQ1



XCH
M.S RM_EX%E;3-/$1M0VT!%@@MU?Q9 ZH*B3U89P[CR35RQK=2
FPH;1M&/


P59X2?V9
M1,@,?UW,:])KT[A,1)32U=; H7:/82:!R[I6J%H43=A7)OV7 ]1U0F@#E#W
;:6F$^ <



S'@-RI.&?8D.A
Y6.0S9W.X(.% ;

#B&AE-!!WBZ/1CCG L9@R;;RT!BJ34^HEY.=PJ*Y
*5F(*33:YQ
M;R=GW%J8X1$T@- [@

MK8G@)3I@6A*'*MA&=WOWI+






M4GJF)#@G$X&?EH$SO(!4V6 VCIO09-#3#2I&OXWW9






HD












M\\5JO9KPC(KQ5&IEB '%(CFN11:(G@7CK#$44K6
A;?0U*4_U\R.#:2;WH!V



MUP.A;V%V=DN2)#9-A/KZBTTCI.L_N/;)L_DV=ZL#T^RT#H]X^2?Y4O-/^)Y6
MT
M2D)00:

E4Y6
!6Z+%.1LM5H CU(W

2Z@YNB1\0=%F$
9PH&L6G8T





MDU1T9G64$PL0


M..EM#\H'FO)V]S57J-
ZY
1BO6U:;_IK28Y4M
 #1X&F
-5F-NW])!T=(3XD

M\)KY@6U4

M]

@^@#&*0H1!D4$*3T('7

N9



67B9
M;)

MHH[7&0 4;47'$@C
S%G-LHM-
KV/T+5;LI?]8/@:4AD=8.NR6.XV'THX$WF*
M( PC4ZPHMG'.#A$%


MW8T7N [3V?E;0^^[*G*W7;GN'T)G#;E*P%)%EGQUAM(
B:_3!2%![1:=XD
OG\'%)(<]F






MZ)I?\$O$Y:3(9'E4#EQ01G\KPM*@@L6!

MX/S:2
57B^4#



MO

WFFK &A8@0R*)#TMY'9QEC*NZ )WKZ-2S1=[=QM/WUX]P!:KGO


M-VM0*9%RO8]L1)+'KT!)[@)S5G*49K5)M^_8\0-LYU\I%VPL-5TB7$+K@Y

M;02

M[Y\PUG;:24

_*'#[UE=#@<J\%%W&.C8MSV7R8_GE.
M/+<\NX0,D*EQ&
$%[P%;LF)\P4=QIWGJ]YX\GC)Y ;Z/TIL(V\;E_
=_H:+
M3\OP]3-MKK.S8S2K8HRR=L2I:2SI&;E;7$)MR
0%*PSE+K-
=]HV[J5BG/9$
MK7V-880^-G+PTVT6+A)5R46AK(;

M
P
ZZ$ F/ B()CLH6IE(T69Q;3+^.] V3C_$I]C[AE9
SUB[5CL@DQ D(@.&


M2^;B*E L(M1+X\CK7$U/JO:9-G='_B@/.B8KFQBF!V@:=WQ2:R@-I8RQLTF7
MDP0V)MHSD='[!-G6





MZR327?IL[PZ&L0^?#M38;9T?(+ZQ+]5/Y]

Z@@\
M!2BJ1R8M#H



PFN.G
ML#[_[ S_.A7G_Z&<UR&66U/F;^0)[C:7

M
Q CBV!=/9J(VFK?I
!F-_)Z;6(U#-P:J&A4Z&WD]I($M?[^]VG&BQL4USN^

+HB 8BI24CZ$PD;#$)H[5!0&]7KX=U&W?
M3\QCGU9]P'2ZG*Y)+^$=?WJ.VV\,F2=!13&-C+0XT9SI*5U5HI#'['62MW



WTX(3+IDA

]Z5M/BB!G
!1#8O&;V0 )

!J\FTYY?3%?ATZ=E/0ZAYRW*


MS'6



!



]F
M[T+Z_283T3)A':=5PH




&KY(AM]ZE
M@MHD4YI4OPPW2;:@&6 5A/[:&[ O;3)(=;%G8OI864U__Y@
=1]U(UT)G3


W:;<N!'B:P
M7^.S#VKNK^@94#T_C$ZHAAGRU/:F**6138/H2I+GZU1A*401=U^(CB;'7#C





MNT'0*V+AY:=/E9WKAR&!L20-IWW?UXH
3FP$ER2)C)?
D@F9L?TPL_U%(S9A
M'1XE \BR&UR\6R[2)CM\#ON+WNT^!Y4 2U9 4U U\OLAG#G25!B1QW.[!^

M;0G!A=W*G1Y]U8@]2QL 8PAY=G!Z?

MS-HR[9OD2.^2


MP




FG%


'9B-N/F+0Y

#U V6:]B\XWSLROD!\U7W7*T=
M!88



)9T



MWZBO[/5)7)*$LGY7"7Y$&E(B 8=&!85)SQKUHL\_?3]
 9WEU1NWJ_!47
M;R!
GL\KKEUPM@1\/CA))M*!EY8OF 84)0G@/G$M+6E=CDDLN!]([L0@^$
MJ2UG=

MN)G@Q5)I


W<2
M1RX6;PFTX574_@PD^#HP;

Y;$&EJP



6;M(G83L[Q

MU%R=(-?GO]YTZJ@7@*_=LJ
8T%M7;Q1K3NZ6L?66G7=@1?*T5[O$;)-FH(^3

MO%8

MO8OV&$=MW36)/&A7!$AI&*AD:CP0



;







MFV^XC(L!?9F_X_33YS7F$WIP^(2OY[3=X6K]/JQQ$C0*FRA@
%H&8@C)_8O.


MX&O:)YIWY[)MRME$K;VS&C+?A%RU\T2)$CB*D!F/0;)FZ_II4LXHD@G!9_#D
<]Q%U=V YSX<9D8J@/9A$4AM7AEK

=ZFO?PV8L;-# T.GJ/EW0-F* )97U0HT;_9V&6&QF#4$3@%




SI=.\5$9
BKA\\
M'0*!NT'YP/H8$62KY7KR/LP_G2VT$JWT27*(W%C:O#F))4@-SIJ8@ZXGO[MD


M$#%X



O** EA5 FUY4D#
R1 C
MWDFN6

MR9I+H:R#'

MWI;7\UI C7F.J]7'Q:^X/A]0SR?

_?%\OUY_?XWZ=3HN+58EF'
M3
VFFZGE22MAA&/(F4.RF0)/K,,B;MLK(C2MNF LPMQ/9T:#&.R!E=)!S[

'OZ&_'@\M+]^WXE^VM[M5\8FZ6,71M$*!\LQ
19G4*$R63$A
UN

\Q'HF$7
MCV)_V8^=\KNQZ.LWL]5Y&71P7C$)B85

V]*$7C'SM




F\F(=XA#
\


UJS]M &


VL2Z1Y(



F83$5%@)3$J3HD44W.0FOE0#UW)]!;OMK$\$#U$;+B!G(T$)A1 X
Y?<?YI$;Y^GJ9P


;3]AM+0+#.:U?(*D==VN'S%BU]
M&
! %% \,ZAP%
MD(EIYUWRTN-='VK ,Z5=J!RQ('XP-+97S_[8\Q?8F^&G4-\Y& 1W670O5C\C
MZ2V<U5CVG)[W_=8O3[P3WNNB@<M04R?(XPE69!H5)!:&H%-DG4&H'W$FOS!


7$I!EM
!ZB
M!H6N%6102J%8D8E=-BN

M;9S6XFT@-[0J.D#770ZVF;R


M8)($E*
!5W*&[*+4PJ;
3)/V#P_0LQN .K_W&%+F'6R%#[!Q):[W. MG-?OZ


4^U[9%/8!42
%6Q$&)!\-'E

HB&/





IL0


/




O0/&051(BU[S2'IF@WLJN-/R@9@]-D+$1)
MC?H)/TK7.$G;O9CS(935093V$!O!U+:^7@/Y2Y%$EUM1)&!3M9Z'HVF:+/I


M-B




MC!VGAK'/EN]VLKY(N]T$RC4AE[Y3#_N6'S#A]-O%\-.@& 9%$3C7@CA
%KQ*

60MF

MQ .UT$5IYGW+ZJ([PZNP6'PO\\4?89&7?Z6UM AG+\^7TQDNEQ.EK4V!?.=H
MI*--PV1P@C8-E$IXSBE

M%)+
G-
9
344M96M(U&Q]]'SCAMADZ/L/UEWR.[ND0$@.711)+S H#RAL$
MQV

MR\*^$FVVIH@1?
H(3T$)B58)V1




M*%V=I+4-:PA-3%V6MMN[L';J^:6FC@HD;R#:(DC%:4$+R06AES])S+[3ND
MHQSRMQU


I--*OG7U@
J&3A)SHD)S?1*LIUG@MTVJJ.='*



H
7$Y
\$6''
%()6N*:@&OB#]G!6830C:N



M&P-



:7)S^A$W ?C2/.J.S '3A::_T


M LAD)-(SY\:K%+#-LGN(H*.CZ:WG?B0!OJ1?^

WQ7MM_P


U\P0!
9-H.K4(TDC@)GM$:7)R
M31IVM#)?O^)FE&M&9^4S(PTM'Z4$;5



M)!B5I


U&%'8/<]9\CSKQ_2.=#AUU8'\@^X

Z

E]\6;_JF)N$?=_1V
3NSM\8YK?4^2:A-O4A


*A$\*E

M3AXB:%S3-X2R?XB? R3? 8+N66LWO:+-.MU\:]-EBTL9C0VA3DHFAULR!XY9

Q/J[$.0/EJ?G9V41WY



M.%4


D)W






;&^5YJ[Q?@KTC&M6?9I]GTOS!/




M];DN7KCUG=]G4Z*FWM1/5]^WVK@IFQFM??*NHZ_I1!(A!FDHFM3)2:-CY&VF
M/C=DZDE;Y'TP_G OOY&1TD%8=BV+FQ*HTO]YOKBS+=W(6UG6;O9ITV7Z_J+&
VTVO/(FMBS
MKCRN.VOTYHI^^?WN@O\C+[:Y4Y$<L(9;8$SS4E^V8
W@;X
WA+M/#'7Y#YR
M


M'D:

H+K-AGC.J2'
MJ_
!7!P@V]$SW^LQROOS1?I
RZ7RL3&7QLB$1B$0)[:602?P)5N(R'6))DE4



M5'4;M?1=Q0-Z68Z!A=L#%LW&432&Q2&R[!06_K+HJY2B3&$4EI/#KK(4A' K
MP
;NVDDH*L8V#A]X!%LP$1C6%QBS[A(5@5Y6@Q9ODV3':B/O6DML(['B
M*'C36


M3R&/$(&!8CF!

MWA\S4AI19^%T AF+(AQ*B5V
DON__Y'2%C2%W.AQ7LZ-@H99KH4;3W_S_\
M_DN8A0O3?=D#Z)(G95$RPSPP6W?M2&Y1^- V%2D\(8;KG8#RVXO'^9Z'3H

(H.-+H/*H8Y[



6.A@;3%6
%W

M*=2

@^F@@ZW[4CXOY[/SJ[#0:O0A)X@D'F(A:PC%

F9 V8\D1Y% !]T
M DE^-Q&?C


^-B$ _5DPY%.8M$.
M)$IGA
\FJR;' T

=X3P^L_Z$2=*BX*U4X\/

#X;N2-G+8Y+GH;:+ #7%Y-2L/%M^DFS_D.;[_.


\@JN=D[[ZN
M$_.NI'?A!TY8=KEZ=9!]KO
L1 :?4RUBR(8;KZSG3::^G(S#D2];GJ@SU!1'






M4+LR.

M99O^2L]?_116^'.8+OX6SLYQ8J+!*&



M+&-



J:Y*UMQPS!XU1D8=I+81(FY\I)CF;4*LV_?R;
8MIGV
MV=I(*Q*LO;(,4D85E3%:NMT:/QWV_MV _Q3 DZ@L

M_DG]JP]8_F?][^\?WMQZ_C+
2(W+^:R$Q9?EOZ7YEXN7K




%]]C@%:V%T8Y!P=K@01J$:&
1^
ML2+Z







7A8'RHD(3G .W*!@D6):4N_
MJJH?KI+@ADO)2&J99*?]Q*\$H:LGN#!9H^!M]GB_E55O2=ZVU55[X.!#ES#



M*^0-ZLN:5FU]B%J!#)FDXF




M



M \-$'4N@+
E1)R#_R

MX



Z')

L71Z1]'OJJTYC)W;D=Q83RZ-&C
MMC62(L2%D



M8.\W7*W.UBMS8GF(7O$


M
L50!WS*7N+Z /0#?L/9.?Z*JTD('+.O!YI

M:;Y^YM

ML$S'C+ZP:)JDA]RB8MQS_U/BYG#A'S''9IC6W:_#HEZF+=_C8IVE]]/T[)QV

?SY







M
1F %601!?







(60EP LE)$ 02GQPSPD54UHDUN2<


MNZ[MPE




I
4$.5-0GVX!^0.NX

E\\%U*5-J6+=R@9]\!M0)0<)^,.
M0')-N#8N2!<-BR0G;RU+Y[BXRBHJ]%HUV6OV T6SBK(!07&83 \'PWP5
MSD[CB+Y;?<;%C6J1#_@I+#)MIENG1D?[J?N^:' W]BA.VWBY.G+M8XK 39T7
M(I4'IP2O_4&4,,*%G)KTGVKIY6Y&7PGWB;'28(BM:'(H\,HM,1G#12QQ5
'_=V#Y)V!YO4A^FGSZMWY?<EOE@N<?4N7N0@O9F]_C.M

^G/8)GO-2D-@7UH I



BOH* SUFX6=9Y?#+%$C!1S
M-@G9]B6T*U=].%

Z*G%/AP 7F

R7KF
+D/




P;:UIY!A0Q]

M+D/D7(-5

)
M09LL0D@BT;(9TZKMA#G3

MD.LP%B6=!V=D+12/PKK
A.)-C@0/HG8G#-JGCL%!=#5TL\3AI\1IKHTNR8*6


@/X^?(

/H#/BB

=<?R#E+;[A\B
]
M9=T+4W
K0N$.F/(


M(+#=Y78H?8QY&[G';O#VJDU8%CX$P1682(M2H4:(-8


M1WN


:F!L



MY0#BN0
  /8

#(P
3 S
65X
C



MC(;V'QPIR48_#=\Y#DQDNBJH
) J2@S-8*696
!-1O4M.
[6:RS+C6*+I8'



O$]
M[^?&CI^A7XU#.%N(I$*+UEPBMZTYE5RJI.E5OX&U.#DI&-\D[T\4(_Q]2Z.N



#!)\G







T3K/7O^S3OS?XR\XD



M %IF[^J]W=3/=U_[R\:U!W[_N#


\&0S/


5

MSF4&C\&&C*4(IF$FA;\(
Z!)GI= FGF9Y24N%2B$'37/&COV[:Q$4*3C+_@+


JS%K6 !$!H009F%AD DABA0\*OA<BTA-6E_==!Z^287<X?J
MT'I2%B4(FAXD1PFXE

0%R-IV_ LM!W+K B!

@18[:PX-]R

VL
M_R*)XDMB#S
(Q^


MD2?DU_$T3*XD_%F@S1688?YK&


MK
$PN=&?@B8XZ3L*/PE0AY;J


MET+.YG&Z1
)\21B&N )*3L8+_WZZO









V$Z 9D(L

_-+L

K8*'AH
KGF-9MA!2%A01G:D

[_]YV\QLW< @)51S
M*N+&Z=F.[C:W-)%B6B819ISM#-'!^<84*;UPMVFZKBBZAT=P


&V29:YYT!59B$9P

MCKX;% _N#
6#.T#Q.\[[#A@KN#T4#VX'Q8




MSV-X$K_HA9A).
MX37QD
MNIB4<;RD<C9=-F_*U' 5/^)%76V'J- 43=D45E5U*9R6]?&3L;J


.B


M:.Y4Y*]WZ0& 2BRG9[Q7=*0IK_9J[4%2L9Q&1D#;DLKKE,=3VNJ6MH=_UX



M6#II7C'[!
U^!EDW!0T/?P99GWZ0M4G[%*82_G8G'&Z*(MP0!K+^?4A&NXHI
MY!@_@*$2/
RDP5Z#EL1IN6K@





9E&M%

M&#1G9@'LBSRLJP=[D.

MJ$$:]O_/
E-YQ%==$-?S\7DPNFC%E

M^4K:30_HS((SN6
WOQ5)OM]&CVU[9\51!Z$A_S1O2*37L*GK29O\WM'^;_Y6
MN+W5VJ[T5R1O
L@Z-%QMF-5M8Y8E5DQZ@TP^$(:$GQ&5X)\KV$R?WP3E/P:?







F;@T<
M,S'K%4*YXQ2:;#CM Y9F$/S&O3G'+S3U\
2R-)E[

MWYPD]&H1*+N=UD

SW$3M0WYH\AE]JCQ


A#C!YL9M+8:#9&3:7%
;=DF_!</=






]^\D].(93()K]-L0XF=53LZ'V94
MS\ICM4 =VK?[TS#.Q?6&'

W
MYN#4*U4AI W


T94U

T3[YUE*Z+_

M)\EU9;:.6%
H:/.%&DTG;[.;;[KP&FYO
%Y$J*^(L_?!\R40GA.=4[ UH;D=

LOSU^]N6-8ZD%1/![!O07SF;O=
M3CN!?NUF(

3DXZP\ZQ.!D


.Q^Z 71(G8U.AX.+#Z?0]NR\




M#(-N)_!$N^=WSP+4)L?=X/QB!+K1'W:#;O^#&%R



3%


DQ7'I? H'6[6/W^ *
M?]L_]]O=T6=6^+B[/O0DS@%?@/H\.4'SF C -^K



[N@.CB&86HV&HD1:-


_)E:9-XHGS-)2X!

.OGS.DEA28KO7JE7=)8U83'6B\E^
$3CRL[Z3V[M3M@&ZH'\9PN
^)K5O_ZX-X: *<J2\H9N,OX#3$WVCV-(DQPM)R30TA
MVB<#T@DC?&-TF55G&N]%SA^UYB#_P8$[][3Z'VV%WU()-ZB%GZ_AOI&R+^_=
M5]^[3*,E_-^TF,7O_@-02P,$%     @ X3N14?&NXS[V   ?C   !<   !S
M869M+3(P
C Q
#







M^5W&S#L_\T6D83

M/BGX=


Q
M0QL7/ODWC4943HF3-\$O50;Y9VJCTWW(8SRZ;U]V[]MY$H^D&E&@ [3P1/P@

:K1.J%G_9%Z7U-+^^L/
M69HCLW\=H1$QE ;O1ZRAT73N#HO63P3\DG +/U

$
M&901&@D68[






MJUQG[M%TH=)\.8P*6*W.HNI;\F009!9QO,%%6QTRC]'D##Z*&)(1(%CENRV
M/J:2$1;H4&!Z+(TL1V4'\KML+9=MYQ 'B^22;1)HB6DH=@UF6(TT+/F*&ST


M=OL.




?XBS@


V LFA^B&IUC_X+-QY*3UN5@#J'??B
$ ^8&79M%U-4FNH(T-Y3$







#(P
3 S

Q
2YH=&WM6FUSV[@1_MY?@9.G.7M&
M;Y3LV)8=SR2V
Z?VFF12==)^ZH#D4L(8)'@ *%GWZ_L H%YLR8W
M3!*[BP7VP;





;!BS=&];7(IQ
?!#:@3517.B

R:[PDFF_1W


M]HF;AB&;\DQ35-!,Q


])4&W$#R(61

M:\ ^]057TTE4$@( H@):?'?&^Y-P
V&95#.S0*FFL3 6U9IEW#T
?L/+YAK8
MS




KQZ:#.U[G!E!WQ:7#
-?I D]

M+T(*


M40!N;KOK-LZ)((C3MC+'=




D0E%


M#Q 
Q/U72H7VGK_QNP'=YS'I5P?1Z^Y%=-H
;ZV_YG6LK%7Y8)FE'[XCMGY;

DLIM!-G'4!VY[R <K5]/N +%XLZY)TK.IXS4;\;



M$_+C]WO=YO.3PEW


M_?ZT=


:9Z#%05(:%A
M0JZ1)# ESD.&=E[DQ)\ !I(V00A(ZS#'=&(K@I3_#(
)U)QYR._38ZY)20
MM=S





3

(%1P03TK%/;G#K6#$*I]#(E8'ZT4-KD;D



M&






%:/B5#F4ZVFY+-ASL?5H;NI.)*R

M9_UEEK[_AMB%;6$E






&W*86.'^?TXX'HE#:^5EE!
9!.


IHKNAF/*+\#3H];?$!H&
[]






M;)Q%B4-1ASKH[!

DH;@



C Q
#

S(R+FAT;=U76T_C1A1^


M!)^4)..?1A\LZ8R7F54:(@5)9HFLJ86
!]0HL'L*R::R+SC6*+I0;?]5VX


M_;EE6




M;P:Z^RQYMC\*[U?9-^G[][+2OVLKD[F$C?^U!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .$[D5''
MKMHH4/L +)3'0 1                0    !S869M+3(P
C Q
#
Q+FAT
M;5!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .$[D5&19]3:0A(  -#    1                7_[
M @!S869M+3(P,C Q,#,Q+GAS9%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( .$[D5%^2XML0B4  'R'
M 0 5                ? - P!S869M+3(P
C Q
#
Q7V-A;YX;6Q02P$
M% 


end



