

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-689942
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		117
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160824
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160824
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SANFILIPPO JOHN B & SON INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000880117
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SUGAR & CONFECTIONERY PRODUCTS [2060]
		IRS NUMBER:				362419677
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0628
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19681
		FILM NUMBER:		161849515
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1703 N. RANDALL ROAD
		CITY:			ELGIN
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60123-7820
		BUSINESS PHONE:		847-289-1800
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1703 N. RANDALL ROAD
		CITY:			ELGIN
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60123-7820











 


WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549 
FORM 10-K






For the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 




For the transition period from
 to


JOHN B.
SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


















Elgin
 Illinois 60123 
(Address of Principal Executive Offices
 Zip Code) 
Registrant&#146;s telephone number
 including area code: (847)&nbsp;289-1800 










Name of Each Exchange on Which
Registered

Common Stock
 $.01 par value per share






 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

Act:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange Act&#148;)
 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

 if any
 every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&#167; 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

 and
will not be contained to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an
accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer&#148;
 &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 































Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule&nbsp;12b-2 of the Exchange
Act).&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Yes&nbsp;&nbsp;

365
691 as of December&nbsp;24
 2015 (8
362
941 shares at $54.57 per
As of August&nbsp;12
 2016
 8
607
815 shares of the registrant&#146;s Common Stock
 $.01 par value (&#147;Common Stock&#148;) and 2
597
426
shares of the registrant&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value (&#147;Class A Stock&#148;)
 were outstanding. The Class&nbsp;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time and from time to time (and
 upon the occurrence of
certain events specified in the Restated Certificate of Incorporation
 automatically converts) into one share of Common Stock. 


 2016 are incorporated by
reference into Part III of this Form 10-K. 



 
a. General Development of
John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. was formed as a corporation under the laws of the State of Delaware in 1979 as the successor by
merger to an Illinois corporation that was incorporated in 1959. As used throughout this annual report on Form 10-K
 unless the context otherwise indicates
 the terms &#147;we&#148;
 &#147;us&#148;
 &#147;our&#148; or &#147;Company&#148; refer
collectively to John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiaries
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC and Sanfilippo (Shanghai) Trading Co. Ltd. Our fiscal year ends on the final Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of
fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week quarters). However
 the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 consisted of fifty-three weeks with our fourth quarter containing fourteen weeks. Additional information on the comparability of the periods presented
is as follows: 






 2017. 






 fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 are to the fiscal years ended June&nbsp;30
 2016
&nbsp;June&nbsp;25
 2015 and June&nbsp;26
 2014
 respectively. 

 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts in the United States. These nuts are sold

 Orchard Valley Harvest
brand names. We also market and distribute
 and in most cases manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of
food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and brand
Information about us
 including our code of ethics


 current
reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports are made available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
. The public may read and copy any materials we file with the SEC at the SEC&#146;s public reference room at 100 F
St.
 NE
 Washington
 DC 20549. The public may obtain information about the reference room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. References to our website addressed in this Form 10-K are provided as a convenience and do not constitute
 and should not
be viewed as
 an incorporation by reference of the information contained on
 or available through
 the website. Therefore
 such information should not be considered part of this Form 10-K. 

 Elgin
 Illinois 60123
 and our telephone number for investor relations is
(847)&nbsp;289-1800
 extension 4612. 

 however
we discontinued our export distribution channel at the end of fiscal 2016. See Part II
 Item&nbsp;8 &#151; &#147;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#148; for our net sales
 net income and total assets. 

As stated above
 we are one
of the leading processors and distributors of tree nuts and peanuts in the United States. Through a deliberate strategy of focused capital expenditures and complementary acquisitions
 we have built a generally vertically integrated nut processing
operation that enables us to control almost every step of the process for pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 including procurement from growers
 shelling
 processing
 packaging and marketing. Vertical integration allows us to enhance product quality and
in most crop years
 purchase inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts at lower costs as opposed to purchasing these nut meats from other shellers. We believe that our generally vertically integrated business model typically works to our advantage in
terms of cost savings and provides us with better insight into crop development. Our generally vertically integrated model
 however
 can under certain circumstances result in reduced earnings or losses. See Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk
Our products are sold through the major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial
ingredient users
 contract packaging customers and international customers. Selling through multiple distribution channels allows us to generate multiple revenue opportunities for the nuts we process. For example
 pecan halves could be sold to food
retailers
 and pecan pieces could be sold to commercial ingredient users. We process and sell all major nut types consumed in the United States
 including peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts and almonds (our major nut types) in a wide variety of
packaging
 thus offering our customers a complete nut product offering. 
 


 

 84% and 83% of our gross sales for fiscal 2016
 fiscal 2015
and fiscal 2014
 respectively. The nut product line includes almonds
 pecans
 peanuts
 black walnuts
 English walnuts
 cashews
 macadamia nuts
 pistachios
 pine nuts
 Brazil nuts
 and filberts. Our nut products are sold in numerous package styles
and sizes
 from stand-up bags
 poly-cellophane packages
 environmentally friendly packages
 composite and clear-plastic cans
 plastic tubs and plastic jars for retail sales
 to large cases and sacks for bulk sales to commercial ingredient customers.
In addition
 we offer our nut products in a variety of different styles and seasonings
 including non-blanched
 blanched
 oil roasted
 dry roasted
 salted
 unsalted
 honey roasted
 flavored
 spicy
 chocolate and yogurt coated
 butter toffee
 praline
and cinnamon toasted. We sell our products domestically to retailers and wholesalers as well as to commercial ingredient and contract packaging customers. We also sell certain of our products to foreign customers in the retail
 contract packaging
and commercial ingredient markets. For more information about our revenues in our various distribution channels
 see Part II
 Item&nbsp;8 &#151; &#147;Financial Statements and Supplementary Data&#148;. 

 pecan and walnut requirements directly from domestic growers. The balance of our raw nut supply is purchased
from importers
We manufacture and market peanut butter in several sizes and varieties. We also market and
distribute
 and in many cases process and manufacture
 a wide assortment of other food and snack products. These other products include snack mixes
 salad toppings
 snacks
 snack bites
 trail mixes
 dried fruit and chocolate and yogurt coated
products sold to retailers and wholesalers; baking ingredients sold to retailers
 wholesalers
 and commercial ingredient customers; bulk food products sold to retail and commercial ingredient users; an assortment of sunflower kernels
 pepitas
 snack
mixes
 almond butter
 cashew butter
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products sold to retail supermarkets
 mass merchandisers and commercial ingredient users and a wide variety of toppings for ice cream and yogurt sold to commercial ingredient
users. 

 commercial ingredient
 contract packaging and export distribution channels. The
consumer channel supplies nut-based products
 including consumer-packaged and bulk products
 to retailers including supermarket chains
 wholesalers
 supercenters
 and other retail food outlets
 across the United States. We sell products through the
consumer channel under our brand name products
 including the 

 brands
 as well as under our customers&#146; private brands. The commercial ingredient channel
supplies nut-based products to other manufacturers to use as ingredients in their final food products such as bakery
 confection
 cereal and ice cream
 and produces nut-based products that are customized to the specifications of chefs
 national
restaurant chains
 food service distributors
 fast food chains
 brand and our customers&#146; private brands. Our contract packaging
channel produces and packages nut-based snacks for manufacturers under their brand name. Finally
 branded snack nuts
 private brand snack nuts and commercial
ingredients to approximately 80 customers worldwide
We are dependent on a few
significant customers for a majority of our total net sales
 particularly in the consumer channel. Sales to our five largest customers represented approximately 62% of net sales in fiscal 2016
 61% of net sales in fiscal 2015 and 57% of net sales in
fiscal 2014. Net sales to Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. accounted for approximately 26% of our net sales for fiscal 2016 and 24% of our net sales for both fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014. Net sales to Target Corporation accounted for approximately 14% in both
fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015 and 12% in fiscal 2014. Net sales to The WhiteWave Foods Company accounted for approximately 10% of our net sales for fiscal 2016. Net sales to PepsiCo
 Inc. accounted for approximately 10% of our net sales for fiscal
2014. No other customer accounted for more than 10% of net sales for any period presented. 

We distribute products from each of our principal facilities. The majority of our products are shipped from our production and warehouse
 snack and baking
products
 products
 bulk foods and other products produced by us and other vendors. 
 


 

brand awareness
 identifying and introducing new products
 attracting new customers
 increasing distribution and increasing consumption in the snack nut
 recipe nut and produce categories. Private brand and commercial ingredient channel efforts are
focused on category management
 new product identification and introduction
 brand awareness
A significant portion of our
branded marketing efforts are focused on consumer promotional campaigns that include advertisements (e.g.
 social media
 magazine
 newspaper
 brand
include sponsorships of celebrity chefs and professional sports franchises. Additionally
 shipper display units are utilized in retail stores in an effort to gain additional temporary product placement and to drive sales volume. We work with
third-party information agencies
 such as Information Resources
 Inc. (&#147;IRi&#148;)
 to monitor the effectiveness of our marketing and measure product growth. 

 trade publication advertising and one-on-one
marketing. These promotional efforts highlight our processing capabilities
 broad product portfolio
 product customization and packaging innovation. 

 funding of industry research and sponsorship of educational programs
 we support efforts to increase
awareness of the health benefits
 convenience and versatility of nuts as both a snack and a recipe ingredient among existing and future consumers of nuts. 
Our nuts and other
snack food products compete against products manufactured and sold by numerous other companies in the snack food industry
 some of whom are substantially larger and have greater resources than us. In the nut industry
 we compete with
 among others
The Kraft Heinz Company (Planters brand)
 Snyder&#146;s-Lance
 Inc. (who recently acquired the Emerald and Diamond brands)
 Treehouse Foods
 Inc. and numerous regional snack food processors. Competitive factors in our markets include price
 product
quality
 customer service
 breadth of product line
 brand name awareness
 method of distribution and sales promotion. The combination of our generally vertically integrated operating model with respect to pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 our product
quality
 product offering
 brand strength
 distribution model and the fact that we focus on nut and nut related products generally enable us to compete in each of these categories
 but there can be no guarantee that our products will continue to be
competitive with many of our larger competitors. See Part I
(vii) Raw Materials
We purchase nuts from domestic and foreign sources. In fiscal 2016
 all of our walnuts
 almonds and peanuts were purchased from domestic
sources. We purchase our pecans from the southern United States and Mexico. Cashew nuts are imported from Vietnam
 India
 Brazil and certain West African countries. For fiscal 2016
 approximately 30% of the dollar value of our total nut purchases
Competition in the nut shelling industry is driven by shellers&#146; ability to access and purchase raw nuts
 to shell the nuts
efficiently and to sell the nuts to processors. We shell all major domestic nut types
 with the exception of almonds
 and are among a few select shellers who further process
 package and sell nuts to the end-user. Raw material pricing pressure and
the high cost of equipment automation have previously contributed to a consolidation among shellers across all nut types
 especially peanuts and pecans. 

 peanuts and walnuts and
 unlike our major consumer distribution channel competitors who
purchase nuts on the open market
 we purchase a substantial portion of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers. However
 there are risks associated with vertical integration
 such as susceptibility to market declines for pecans
peanuts and walnuts. See Part I
Due
 in part
 to the seasonal nature of the industry
 we maintain
significant inventories of peanuts
 pecans and walnuts at certain times of the year
 especially in the second and third quarters of our fiscal year. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts and walnuts and other nuts may affect the value
of our inventory and thus may also affect our gross profit and gross profit margin. See Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148;. 
 



roasting oils
 seasonings
 plastic jars
 labels
 stand-up bags
 composite and clear-plastic cans and other packaging materials from other third parties. Material costs
 including tree nuts
 peanuts
 other commodities and other inventory items
represented approximately 85% of our total cost of sales for fiscal 2016. 


 Orchard Valley Harvest
brand

are registered as trademarks with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as well as in various other foreign jurisdictions. We do not own any trademarks for any private brands
which are owned by the respective private brand customer. Our trademarks are important as they provide our customers with information about the quality of our products. However
 registration and use of our trademarks in foreign jurisdictions may be
subject to certain risks in addition to other risks generally related to our intellectual property. See Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; below. We also own several patents of various durations. We expect to continue to renew for
the foreseeable future those trademarks that are important to our business and expand registration of our trademarks into new jurisdictions. We intend to protect our intellectual property rights vigorously. 
As of June&nbsp;30
 2016
we had approximately 1
350 full-time employees
 including approximately 230 corporate staff employees. Due to the seasonality of our business
 our labor requirements typically peak during the last quarter of the calendar year. 
Our business is
seasonal. Demand for peanut and tree nut products is highest during the last four months of the calendar year. Peanuts
 pecans and walnuts
 three of our principal raw materials
 are primarily purchased between September and February and are
processed throughout the year until the following harvest. As a result of this seasonality
 our personnel requirements rise during the last four months of the calendar year. Our working capital requirements generally peak during the third quarter of
our fiscal year. 

 we believe that any backlog as of a particular date is not material to an
understanding of our business as a whole. 

 including the
presence of shell fragments
 foreign objects
 insects
 foreign substances
 pathogens
 chemicals
 aflatoxin and other agents
 or residues introduced during the growing
 storage
 handling or transportation phases. We (i)&nbsp;maintain what we believe
to be rigid quality control standards and food safety systems and are SQF 2000 Code Level 2 certified
 (ii)&nbsp;generally inspect our nut and other food products by visual examination
 metal detectors or electronic monitors at various stages of our
shelling and processing operations
 (iii)&nbsp;work with the United States Department of Agriculture (&#147;USDA&#148;) in its inspection of peanuts shipped to and from our peanut shelling facilities
 (iv)&nbsp;maintain environmental pathogen
programs
 and (v)&nbsp;seek to comply with the Nutrition Labeling and Education Act by labeling each product that we sell with labels that disclose the nutritional value and content of each of our products; however
 no assurance can be given that
some nut or other food products sold by us may not contain or develop harmful substances. In order to mitigate this risk
 we strive to select high-quality nut suppliers and currently maintain product liability and contaminated product insurance at
amounts we believe are adequate in light of our operations. 
 


 

 and therefore
 an investment in our Common Stock is subject to risks and uncertainties. The factors
described below could materially and adversely affect our business
 results of operations and financial condition. While each risk is described separately
 some of these risks are interrelated and it is possible that certain risks could trigger the
applicability of other risks described below. Also
 the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us
 or that we view as not rising to the level of being
material
 could also potentially impair our business
 results of operations and financial condition. Investors should consider the following factors
 in addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
 including Part
II
 Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151; Liquidity and Capital Resources&#148; before deciding to purchase our Common Stock. 
We Cannot Control the Availability or Cost of Raw Materials and this May Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations
 Cash Flows and
The availability and cost of raw materials for the production of our products
 including peanuts
 pecans
 almonds
 cashews
walnuts and other nuts are subject to crop size and yield fluctuations caused by factors beyond our control
 such as weather conditions
 natural disasters (including floods
 droughts
 frosts
 earthquakes and hurricanes)
 changing climate patterns
plant diseases
 foreign currency fluctuations
 trade agreements and embargos
 political unrest
 changes in global customer demand
 changes in government agricultural programs and purchasing behavior of certain countries
 including China and India.
Additionally
 any determination by the USDA or other government agencies that certain pesticides
 herbicides or other chemicals used by growers have left harmful residues on portions of the crop or that any portion of the crop has been contaminated
by aflatoxin or other agents
 or any future product recalls for other reasons could reduce the supply of edible nuts and other raw materials used in our products and could cause our costs to increase significantly. 

 their prices are set by the market and can therefore fluctuate quickly and dramatically due to varied events
such as those described above. Furthermore
 we are not able to hedge against changes in nut commodity prices because no appropriate futures
 derivative or other risk-sharing market for these commodities exists. Consequently
 in order to achieve or
maintain profitability levels
 we attempt to increase the prices of our products to reflect the increase in the costs of the raw materials that we use and sell. However
 we may not be successful in passing along partial or full price increases to
our customers
 if at all. In addition
 even if we are successful in passing across partial or full price increases
 we may not be able to do so in a timely fashion. Our ability to raise prices and the timing of any price increases is often dependent
upon the actions of our competitors
 some of whom are significantly larger and more diversified than we are. Additionally
 any such product price increase that we are able to pass along to our customers may ultimately reduce the demand for
 and
sales of
 our products as customers reduce purchases or
 buy lower priced products. Alternatively
 if the prices of any raw materials significantly decrease and we have inventories of such materials on hand
 we may be unable to reduce product prices
without impacting our gross margin. Any competitors who purchase such material on the open market may be able to reduce prices in a more timely manner and we could lose market share to such competitors. Any one or more of the foregoing aspects may
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
Moreover
 fluctuations in the market prices of nuts may
affect the value of our inventories and profitability. We maintain significant inventories of nuts
 and our financial condition could be materially and adversely affected by any significant decrease in the market price of such raw materials. See
Part II
 Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151; Liquidity and Capital Resources&#148;. 


 including some of our largest customers
 are based upon a periodic bidding process in which the single
 successful bidder is
assured the selling of the selected product to the food retailer
 supercenter or mass merchandiser until the next bidding process to the exclusion of other bidders. Our sales volume may decrease significantly if our bids are too high and we lose the
ability to sell products through these channels
 even temporarily. Alternatively
 we risk reducing our margins if our bids are successful but below our desired price points. In addition
 margins could be further reduced if commodity prices rise and
customers are unwilling or unable to accept price increases. Any of these outcomes may materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
Our Inability to Manage Successfully the Price Gap Between our Private Brand Snack Nut Products and Those of our Branded Competitors May Materially and
Although demand for private brand snack nut products (and our private brand snack nut products in
particular) has increased
 our competitors&#146; branded snack nut products have certain advantages over our private brand snack nut products primarily due to their advertising strategies
 perceived product attributes
 name recognition and pricing
flexibility. 
 



 private brand snack nut products generally sell at a discount to those of branded
competitors. If branded competitors reduce the price of their products
 the price of branded snack nut products offered to consumers may approximate the prices of our private brand snack nut products. Further
 promotional activities by branded
competitors such as temporary price reductions
 buy-one-get-one-free offerings and coupons
 have the same general effect as price decreases. Price decreases initiated by branded competitors could result in a decline in the demand for our private
brand snack nut products
 which could negatively impact our sales volumes and overall profitability. Such sales volume and profitability decreases could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 

 many of our competitors with significant branded operations have more diversified product offerings among a wider variety of food categories than
we have. Such competitors could
 as a result of their size or diversified offerings
 be in a better position to decrease their prices or offer better promotions for their branded snack nut products. If competitors are able to exploit their size or
diversification to make significant price reductions and offer better promotions
 it could decrease our private brand snack nut sales
 which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 


preferences
 whether for branded products or private brand products
 can quickly change based on a number of factors beyond our control. If we fail to anticipate
 identify or react quickly to these changes and are unable to develop and market new
and improved products to meet consumer preferences
 demand for our products could suffer. In addition
 demand for our products could be affected by consumer concerns regarding the health effects of nutrients or ingredients in any of our products.
The development and introduction of new products requires substantial research and development
 testing and marketing expenditures
 which we may be unable to fully recover if the new products do not achieve the necessary commercial success. New
product introduction also results in increased costs
 including from the use of new manufacturing techniques
 capital expenditures
 new raw materials and ingredients
 and additional marketing and trade spending. Reduction in demand as a result of
changing consumer preferences or inability to provide consumers with products they demand could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
Negative Consumer Perception About Our Branded Products Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Our ability to develop
 maintain and continually enhance the value of our branded products is critical to improving our operating and financial
performance and implementing our Strategic Plan. The value of our branded products is based in large part on the degree to which consumers react and respond positively to these brands. Our brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of
factors
 including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible or reckless manner
 adverse publicity about our products (whether actual or fictitious)
 our failure to maintain the quality of our products
 the failure of our products
to deliver consistently positive consumer experiences
 concerns about food safety or allergies
In
addition
 our success in enhancing the value of branded products depends on our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing media environment. We increasingly rely on social media and online advertising campaigns as well as advertising outside of
traditional print and television channels. Negative posts or comments (whether actual or fictitious) about us or the type of products we produce
 market or sell on online social networks
 product review sites or similar online activity could
seriously impact consumer demand for our products. We are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions on how we market and advertise our products. These restrictions may limit our ability to respond as the media and communications
environment continues to evolve. If we do not react appropriately
 then our product sales
 financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 
We Sometimes Enter Into Fixed Price Commitments without First Knowing Our Acquisition Costs
 Which Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Financial
We enter into fixed price commitments with a portion of our commercial ingredient sales customers and certain
other customers. The commitments are for a fixed period of time
 typically three months to twelve months
 but may be extended if remaining balances exist. Such commitments with a term of six months or more represented approximately 5% of our annual
net sales in fiscal 2016. Sometimes we enter into fixed price commitments with respect to certain of our nut products before fixing our acquisition costs in order to maintain customer relationships or when
 in management&#146;s judgment
 market or
crop harvest conditions so warrant. To the extent we do so and our fixed prices are not properly aligned with our acquisition costs
 then these fixed price commitments may result in reduced or negative gross profit margins which could have a
Our Generally Vertically Integrated Model Could Materially and
We have a generally vertically integrated nut processing operation that enables us to control almost
every step of the process for pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
 including procurement from growers. Our generally vertically integrated model has in the past resulted
 and may in the future result
 in significant losses because we are subject to the
various risks associated with purchasing a majority of 
 



our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers
 including the risk of purchasing such products from growers at costs that later
 due to altered market conditions
 prove to be above
prevailing market prices at time of sale. Accordingly
 because we purchase a majority of our pecans
 peanuts and walnuts directly from growers during harvest season and shell and process these nuts throughout our fiscal year
 there is a possibility
that
 after we acquire these nuts
 market conditions may change and we will be forced to sell these nuts at reduced prices relative to our acquisition costs
 or even at a loss which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.


 among others
 brand recognition
 taste
 flavor
 quality
 price
advertising
 promotion
 convenience and service. Our principal products compete against food and snack products manufactured and sold by numerous regional
 national and international companies
 some of which are substantially larger and have greater
resources than us
 such as Kraft Heinz Company (Planters brand)
 Snyder&#146;s-Lance
 Inc. (who recently acquired the Emerald and Diamond brands) and Treehouse Foods
 Inc. Most of our competitors that sell and market the other top branded snack nut
products have committed more financial
 marketing and other resources to such brands when compared to the resources spent by us on our brands. Additionally
 many retail customers have continued to emphasize their own private label offerings as a key
part of their strategy and may develop or expand their own private label nut and nut product offerings. Many of our competitors buy their nuts on the open market and are thus not exposed to the risks of purchasing inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts
directly from growers at fixed prices that later
 due to altered market conditions
 may prove to be above prevailing market prices. We also compete with other shellers in the commercial ingredient market and with regional processors in the retail
and wholesale markets. In order to maintain or increase our market share
 we must continue to price our products competitively and spend on marketing
 advertising
 new product innovation and shelf placement and slotting fees
 which may cause a
decline in gross profit margin if we are unable to increase sales volume as well as reduce our costs
 which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
We are Dependent Upon Certain Significant Customers Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition
 Cash Flows and Results of
We are dependent on a few significant customers for a large portion of our total net sales
 particularly in the consumer channel. Sales
to our five largest customers represented approximately 62%
 61% and 57% of net sales in fiscal 2016
 fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014
 respectively. There can be no assurance that all significant customers will continue to purchase our products in the
same quantities
 same product mix or on the same terms as in the past
 particularly as increasingly powerful retailers may demand lower pricing
 different packaging
 larger marketing support
 payments for retail space
 establish private brands or
request other terms of sale which negatively impact our profitability. A loss of one of our largest customers
 a material decrease in purchases by one of our largest customers
 the inability to collect a receivable from or a significant business
interruption at one of our largest customers would result in decreased sales and would materially and adversely affect our results of operations
 financial condition and cash flows. 
We are Subject to Customer Pricing Pressures and Retail Consolidation Trends Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and
As the retail grocery trade continues to consolidate and our retail customers grow larger
 become more sophisticated and
obtain more purchasing power
 our retail customers are demanding lower pricing
 especially private brand customers
 and increased free or discounted promotional programs. Further
 these retail customers may begin to place a greater emphasis on the
lowest-cost supplier in making purchasing decisions especially during periods of increased or variable raw material acquisition costs. An increased focus on the lowest-cost supplier could reduce the benefits of some of our competitive advantages
which include a focus on customer service
 innovation
 production capacity
 category management and quality. As the retail environment consolidates
 many customers are reducing inventories or focusing on a limited number of brands (often the number
one or number two brand by market share) in making purchasing decisions. Further
 certain customers in the retail channel
 such as dollar stores and other discount sellers
 have become increasingly sophisticated and may demand similar pricing to
retail grocery customers. If we fail to respond to these trends
 our sales volume growth could suffer
 and it may become necessary to lower our prices and increase promotional support of our products
 any of which would materially and adversely
Food
Safety
If
consumers in our principal markets lose confidence in the health or safety of nut products
 particularly with respect to peanut and tree nut allergies
 food borne illnesses or other food safety matters
 this could materially and adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations. Individuals with nut allergies may be at risk of serious illness or death resulting from the consumption of our nut products
 including consumption of other companies&#146; products containing our
products as an ingredient. Notwithstanding our existing food safety controls
 we process peanuts and tree nuts on the same equipment
 and there is no guarantee that our other products will not be cross-contaminated. Concerns generated by risks of
peanut and tree nut cross-contamination and other food safety matters
 including food borne illnesses
 may discourage consumers from buying our products
 cause production and delivery 
 



disruptions
 or result in product recalls. Product safety issues (i)&nbsp;concerning products not manufactured
 distributed or sold by us and (ii)&nbsp;concerning products we manufacture
distribute and sell
 may materially and adversely affect demand for products in the nut industry as a whole
 including products without actual safety problems. Decreases in demand for products in the industry generally could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition
 the cooling system at the Elgin
 Illinois facility utilizes ammonia. If a leak in the system were to occur
 there is a possibility that the inventory in cold storage at the
Elgin
The
Risk Assessment Conducted by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration on the Risks of Tree Nuts May Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Financial Condition
 Results of Operations and Cash Flows 

 which
includes randomly sampling tree nuts in the marketplace
 has already resulted in product recalls in the nut industry. The results and impact of this risk assessment and recalls based on sampling could also lead to increased industry-specific
regulation and/or additional risk-based preventive controls which may result in increased compliance costs
 capital expenditures to meet FDA-imposed requirements and reputation risks to our branded and private brand products. Recalls or significant
expenditures to satisfy FDA requirements could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. 
Product Liability
 Product Recalls
 Product Labeling and Product Advertising Claims May Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations and
We face risks associated with product liability claims
 product recalls and other liabilities in the event:&nbsp;(i) our food safety
and quality control procedures are ineffective or fail
 (ii)&nbsp;we procure products from third parties that are or become subject to a recall
 regardless of&nbsp;whether or not our food safety and quality&nbsp;control procedures are ineffective or
fail
 (iii)&nbsp;our products cause injury or become adulterated or misbranded
 (iv)&nbsp;our products are determined to be promoted or labeled in a misleading fashion
 (v)&nbsp;government authorities test our products and determine that they
contain a contaminant or present a food safety risk
 (vi)&nbsp;our products are tampered with
 or (vii)&nbsp;one of our competitors is subject to claims
 recalls or other liabilities involving products similar to ours. In recent years
 the food
industry has been a target of litigation over product labeling and advertising
 including nut products. Such litigation results in significant costs to defend and resolve. In addition
 we do not control the labeling of other companies&#146; products
containing our products as an ingredient. A product recall of a sufficient quantity
 a significant product liability judgment against us
 a significant advertising-related liability or judgment against us or other safety concerns (whether actual or
claimed) could cause our products to be unavailable for a period of time
 could result in a loss of consumer confidence in our products and expose us to liabilities in excess of any insurance we maintain for such events. If these kinds of events
were to occur
 they would have a material adverse effect on the demand for our products and
 consequently
 our results of operations and cash flows. 
We are Dependent on Certain Key Personnel and the Loss of Any of Their Services Could Have a Material Adverse Effect on Our Results of Operations
Our future success will be largely dependent on the personal efforts of our senior operating management team
 including Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
Chief Executive Officer
 Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
 James A. Valentine
 Chief Information Officer and Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief Operating Officer
 President and Assistant Secretary. We
believe that the expertise and knowledge of these individuals in the industry
 and in their respective fields
 is a critical factor to our growth and success. Although some of our officers own significant amounts of our Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
these individuals have not entered into any employment or non-compete agreement with us
 nor do we have key officer insurance coverage policies in effect. The departure of any of these individuals could have a material adverse effect on our business
and prospects and that in turn would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our success is also dependent upon our ability to attract and retain additional qualified personnel
 and there can be no assurance that we will be able
to do so. 

 the USDA
 the United States Environmental Protection Agency (&#147;EPA&#148;) and other state
 local and
foreign authorities in jurisdictions where our products are manufactured
 processed or sold. Among other things
 these regulations govern the manufacturing
 importation
 processing
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 advertising and labeling of our
products. Our manufacturing and processing facilities and products are subject to periodic compliance inspections by federal
 state
 local and foreign authorities. We are also subject to environmental regulations governing the discharge of air
emissions
 water and food waste
 the usage and storage of pesticides
 and the generation
 handling
 storage
 transportation
 treatment and disposal of waste materials. Amendments to existing statutes and regulations
 adoption of new statutes and
regulations
 increased production at our existing facilities as well as our expansion into new operations and jurisdictions
 may require us to obtain additional licenses and permits and could require us to adapt or alter methods of operations at
costs that could be substantial. Compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be time-consuming
 expensive or costly to us in different ways and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. Failure to comply with
applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 recalls or seizures
 as well as possible criminal sanctions
 which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. 
 


 
 
 such as taxes
 tariffs
 duties
subsidies
 incentives
 and import and export restrictions on agricultural commodities and commodity products
 can influence the planting
 location and size of certain crops
 whether commodity products are traded
 the volume and types of imports and
exports
 and the viability and volume of production of certain of our products. In addition
 international trade disputes can adversely affect commodity trade flows by limiting or disrupting trade between countries or regions. Future government
policies may adversely affect the supply of
 demand for
 and prices of our products
 restrict our ability to do business in its existing and target markets
 and negatively impact our revenues and operating results. 

 including increased
inspections and mandatory recalls
 as well as stricter enforcement actions
 each of which could result in additional compliance costs and civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 withdrawals
 recalls or seizures and confiscations. The FSMA
further instructed the FDA to develop new rules and regulations
 including the performance of hazard analyses
 implementation of preventive plans to control hazards
 and foreign supplier verification provisions. We currently have &#147;hazard
analysis and critical control points&#148; (&#147;HACCP&#148;) procedures in place that may appropriately address many of the existing or future concerns as a result of FSMA; however
 the new FDA rules and regulations will likely require us to
change certain of our operational processes and procedures
 and implement new ones
 and there could also be unforeseen issues
 requirements and costs that arise from these new FDA rules and regulations. HACCP is a management system in which food
safety is addressed through the analysis and control of hazards from raw material production
 procurement and handling
 to manufacturing
 distribution and consumption of the finished product. 

entities
 including the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
 the SEC
 the Department of Justice and the Nasdaq Global Select Market
 have issued a significant number of new and increasingly complex requirements and regulations over the last
several years and continue to develop additional regulations and requirements in response to laws enacted by Congress. Our efforts to comply with these requirements have resulted in
 and are likely to continue to result in
 an increase in expenses
and a diversion of management&#146;s time from other business activities. Failure to comply with any law or regulation could subject us to civil or criminal remedies
 including fines and injunctions
 which could materially and adversely affect our
Operational
 Legal
 Economic
 Political and Social Risks of Doing Business in Emerging Markets and Other Foreign Countries
Approximately 30% of the dollar value of our total nut purchases for fiscal 2016
were made from foreign countries. We purchase our cashews from Vietnam
 India
 Brazil and certain West African countries and some of our pecans from Mexico
 which are in many respects emerging markets. Further
 we may look to expand our sales
internationally and enter new emerging and established markets. To this extent
 we are exposed to various risks inherent in emerging markets
 including increased governmental ownership and regulation of the economy
 greater likelihood of inflation
and adverse economic conditions
 governmental attempts to control inflation
 such as setting interest rates and maintaining wage and price controls
 supply reduction into the United States from increased demand in foreign countries
 international
competition
 compliance with
 and subjection to
 foreign laws
 including our ability to protect our intellectual property
 such as our brands
 compliance with U.S. laws and regulations related to conduct in foreign countries
 such as the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act
 currency exchange rates
 potential for contractual defaults or forced renegotiations on purchase contracts with limited legal recourse
 tariffs
 quotas
 duties
 import and export restrictions and other barriers to trade that
may reduce our profitability or sales and civil unrest
The existence of risks in emerging
markets and other foreign countries could jeopardize or limit our ability to purchase sufficient supplies of cashews
 pecans and other imported raw materials and limit our ability to make international sales
 and may materially and adversely affect
The Way in Which We Measure Inventory May Have a Material Adverse
We acquire our inshell nut inventories of pecans
 peanuts and walnuts from growers and farmers in large
quantities at harvest times
 which are primarily during the second and third quarters of our fiscal year
 and receive nut shipments in bulk truckloads. The weights of these nuts are measured using truck scales at the time of receipt
 and inventories
are recorded on the basis of those measurements. The nuts are then stored in bulk in large warehouses to be shelled or processed throughout the year. Bulk-stored nut inventories are relieved on the basis of continuous high-speed bulk weighing
systems as the nuts are shelled or processed or on the basis of calculations derived from the weight of the shelled nuts that are produced. While we perform various procedures periodically to confirm the accuracy of our bulk-stored nut inventories
these inventories are estimates that must be periodically adjusted to account for positive or negative variations in quantities and yields
 and such adjustments directly affect earnings. The quantities of each crop

 



year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates
 which historically averaged less than 1.0% of inventory
purchases
 are also recorded. The precise amount of our bulk-stored nut inventories is not known until the entire quantity of the particular nut is depleted
 which may not necessarily occur every year. Prior crop year inventories may still be on
hand as the new crop year inventories are purchased. The majority of bulk-stored nut inventories at June&nbsp;30
 2016 will be processed during the first quarter of fiscal 2017 and any adjustment to our bulk stored nut inventory quantity will be
recorded at that time. There can be no assurance that any bulk stored nut inventory quantity adjustments will not have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the future. 
Certain of Our Stockholders Possess a Majority of Aggregate Voting Power in the Company and Members of The Sanfilippo Group Have Pledged a Substantial
Amount of their Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 Which May Make a Takeover or Change in Control More or Less Difficult and Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

&nbsp;2016
 Jasper B. Sanfilippo Sr.
 Marian Sanfilippo
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Lisa A. Sanfilippo
 John E.
Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo (the &#147;Sanfilippo Group&#148;) own or control Common Stock (one vote per share) and Class&nbsp;A Common Stock (ten votes per share on all matters other than the election of Common Stock directors) representing
approximately a 51.2% voting interest in the Company. As of August&nbsp;24
 2016
 Michael J. Valentine and Mathias A. Valentine (the &#147;Valentine Group&#148;) own or control Common Stock (one vote per share) and Class&nbsp;A Common Stock (ten
votes per share on all matters other than the election of Common Stock directors) representing approximately a 24.1% voting interest in the Company. In addition
 the Sanfilippo Group and the Valentine Group as holders of the Class&nbsp;A Common
Stock are entitled to elect six Class&nbsp;A Directors which represents 67% of our entire Board of Directors. As a result
 the Sanfilippo Group and the Valentine Group together are able to direct the election of a majority of the members to the
Board of Directors. In addition
 the Sanfilippo Group is able to exert certain influence on our business
 or take certain actions
 that cannot be counteracted by another stockholder or group of stockholders. The Sanfilippo Group is able to determine
the outcome of nearly all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders
 including any amendments to our certificate of incorporation or bylaws. The Sanfilippo Group has the power to prevent or cause dividends
 or a change in control or sale of
the Company
 which may or may not be in the best interests of other stockholders
 and can take other actions that may be less favorable to other stockholders and more favorable to the Sanfilippo Group
 subject to applicable legal limitations
 which
could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
In addition
 several members of the Sanfilippo Group
that beneficially own a significant interest in our Company have pledged a substantial portion of the Company&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Stock that they own to secure loans made to them by commercial banks. If a stockholder defaults on any of its
obligations under these pledge agreements or the related loan documents
 these banks may have the right to sell the pledged shares. Such a sale could cause our Company&#146;s stock price to decline. Many of the occurrences that could result in a
foreclosure of the pledged shares are out of our control and are unrelated to our operations. Because these shares are pledged to secure loans
 the occurrence of an event of default could result in a sale of pledged shares that could cause a change
of control of our Company
 even when such a change may not be in the best interests of our stockholders
 and it could also result in a default under certain material contracts to which we are a party
 including an event of default under the Credit
Agreement by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance (f/k/a Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC)
 as the arranger and administrative agent and a syndicate of lenders
 dated February&nbsp;7
 2008 (as amended
 the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;)
 which
could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. 
 


Essentially all of Our Real Property is Encumbered
 Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Ability
to Obtain Additional Capital if Required Which Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition
 Results of Operations and Cash Flows 

 which is secured by essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
California and Garysburg
 North Carolina. Because essentially all of our owned real property is encumbered
 such properties are not available as a means of securing further capital in the event that additional capital is required because of
unexpected events
 losses or other circumstances
 which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows. 
General Economic Conditions and Increased Production Costs Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and Results of Operations
General economic conditions and the effects of a recession
 including uncertainty in economic conditions and an economic downturn
 and political
uncertainties
 including political action or inaction having an impact on the economy
 could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations
 results of operations and financial condition. These conditions may include
 among other
things
 higher unemployment
 increased commodity costs
 increased raw material costs
 increased packaging material prices
 decreases or alterations in consumer demand
 changes in buying patterns
 adverse changes in tax rates
 interest rate and
capital market volatility
 adverse changes in the purchasing power of the U.S. dollar and higher general water
 energy
 transportation and fuel costs. Maintaining the prices of our products
 initiating price increases (including passing along price
increases for commodities used in our products) and increasing the demand for our products (especially when prices for our products are decreasing due to commodity price decreases)
 all of which are important to our plans to increase profitability
may be materially and adversely affected by general economic conditions and increases in production costs. Among other considerations
 nuts and our other products are not essential products and therefore demand and sales volume could decrease. In
addition
 a general economic downturn could cause one or more of our vendors
 suppliers
 distributors and customers to experience cash flow problems and
 therefore
 such vendors
 suppliers
 distributors and customers may be forced to reduce their
output
 shut down their operations or file for bankruptcy protection
 which in some cases would make it difficult for us to continue production of certain products
 could require us to reduce sales of our products or could result in uncollectable
accounts receivable. Financial difficulties or solvency problems at these vendors
 suppliers and distributors could materially adversely affect their ability to supply us with products or adequate products
 which could disrupt our operations. It may
be difficult to find a replacement for certain vendors
 suppliers or distributors without significant delay or increase in cost. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 


 and we may become the subject of litigation and investigations in the future
 which may
include lawsuits or claims related to contracts
 intellectual property
 product recalls
 product liability
 the marketing and labeling of products
 employment matters
 environmental matters or other aspects of our business. Plaintiffs or regulatory
bodies could seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts
 and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to lawsuits and investigations is difficult to accurately estimate.&nbsp;Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid
 or
whether we are ultimately held liable
 such litigation and investigations may be expensive to defend and may divert time
 money and management attention away from our operations and negatively impact our financial performance.&nbsp;We maintain
insurance in amounts we believe to be adequate based on our business operations. However
 we may incur claims or liabilities for which we are not insured
 that exceed the amount of our insurance coverage or that our insurers may raise various
objections and exceptions to coverage. A judgment or settlement for significant monetary damages or requiring other significant changes to our business or assets could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of
operations.&nbsp;Any adverse publicity resulting from allegations or investigations may also adversely affect our reputation and the reputation of our products
 which in turn could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results
Technology Disruptions
 Failures or Breaches Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial Condition and Results of Operations
We depend on information technology to maintain and streamline our operations
 including
 among other things
 (i)&nbsp;interfacing with our
locations
 customers and suppliers
 (ii)&nbsp;complying with financial reporting
 legal and tax regulatory requirements
 (iii)&nbsp;maintaining logistics
 inventory control and monitoring systems and (iv)&nbsp;providing us with real-time feedback
about our business. Like other companies
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control
 including natural disasters
 terrorist attacks
 telecommunications failures
 outages
during replacement or upgrades
 computer viruses
 hardware failures
 power outages
 hackers
 cyber risks and other security issues. We have technology security initiatives
 cyber insurance and disaster recovery plans in place to mitigate our risk to
these vulnerabilities
 but these measures may not be adequate
 particularly as the global dependence on technology increases. In addition
 if we are unable to prevent security breaches or disclosure of non-public information
 we may suffer financial
and reputational damage
 litigation or remediation costs or penalties because of the unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our customers
 consumers
 or suppliers. 
 



 we have outsourced several information technology support services and administrative functions to
third-party service providers
 and may outsource other functions in the future to achieve cost savings and efficiencies. If the service providers to which we outsource these functions do not perform effectively
 we may not be able to achieve the
expected cost savings and may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers. Depending on the function involved
 such errors may also lead to business disruption
 processing inefficiencies
 the loss of or damage to
intellectual property through security breach
 the loss of sensitive data through security breach
 or otherwise. While we or any third party service provider have not experienced any significant disruption
 failure or breach impacting our
information technology systems
 any such disruption
 failure or breach could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
Our Products are Processed at a Limited Number of Production Facilities and any Significant Disruption at any of Our Production Facilities or Disruption
Our products are shelled
manufactured or otherwise processed at our five production facilities. However
 certain nut and nut-related products
 including the shelling of peanuts
 walnuts and pecans and processing and packaging of certain other products
 are conducted only at
a single location. If any of these production facilities experiences a disruption for any reason
 including a work stoppage
 power failure
 fire
 pandemic
 terrorism or weather related condition or natural disaster
 this could result in a
significant reduction or elimination of the availability of some of our products. In addition
 a dispute with
 or disruption at
 a significant third party supplier
 service provider or distributor may impact our ability to produce
 package
 market
transport and sell our products. If we were not able to obtain alternate production
 shelling or processing capability in a timely manner or on satisfactory terms
 this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
Inability to Protect Our Intellectual Property or Avoid Intellectual Property Disputes Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our
We consider our intellectual property rights
 particularly and most notably our brand trademarks

 trademarks)
 but also our patents
 trade secrets
 know-how copyrights and licensing agreements
 to be a significant and valuable aspect of our business. We attempt to
protect our intellectual property rights through a combination of patent
 service mark
 trademark
 copyright and trade secret laws
 as well as licensing agreements
 third party nondisclosure and assignment agreements and policing of third party
misuses of our intellectual property both domestically and internationally. Our failure to obtain or adequately protect our trademarks
 products
 new features of our products
 or our trade secrets and technology
 or any change in law or other
changes that serve to lessen or remove the current legal protections of our intellectual property
 may diminish our competitiveness and could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

 we may be unaware of intellectual property rights of others that may cover some of our technology
 brands or products. Any disputes regarding
patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming and could divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. Third party claims of intellectual property infringement might also require us
to enter into costly license agreements. We also may be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain products if found to be liable for infringing activity. Any such activities could materially and adversely
Unsuccessful Implementation of Our Strategic Plan Could Materially and Adversely Affect
We developed a strategic plan (the &#147;Strategic Plan&#148;)
 most recently updated in fiscal
2016
 to help us achieve long-term profitable growth. As part of this Strategic Plan
 we have taken a number of actions including
 among other things
 the 2010 acquisition of OVH
 promotion of our branded and snack nut products
 expanding
distribution in traditional retail channels and alternative channels and other strategies related to increasing sales of non-branded business at existing key customers. We are taking these actions in order to increase sales in all of our
distribution channels. There are no assurances that we will be successful in achieving any portion of our Strategic Plan
 or any other efficiency measures. 

 we have in the past
 as part of our Strategic Plan
 engaged in strategic acquisitions and joint ventures. However
 we may be unable to
successfully manage completed acquisitions or joint ventures
 identify additional acquisitions or joint ventures
 or negotiate favorable financial or other terms with third parties which are attractive or advantageous to grow or otherwise supplement
our existing business. In addition
 the identification and completion of any acquisition or joint venture may divert management&#146;s attention from ordinary business matters
 require a number of one-time or ongoing advisory costs
 result in the
loss of employees or customers of our business or the acquired business
 involve the assumption of unknown and potentially significant liabilities or result in impairment charges if the assumptions underlying the purchase are not satisfied. Due to
various uncertainties inherent in such activities
 we may be unable to achieve a substantial portion of any anticipated benefits or cost savings from previous acquisitions or joint ventures or other anticipated benefits in the timeframe we
anticipate
Any inability to realize the anticipated benefits from the Strategic Plan could materially and adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations. 
 


Increases in Labor Costs or Work Stoppages or Strikes Could Materially and Adversely Affect Our Financial
As the number of our employees has grown
 personnel costs
 including the costs of medical and other employee
health and welfare benefits
 have increased. These costs can vary substantially as a result of an increase in the number
 mix and experience of our employees and changes in health care and other employment-related laws. There are no assurances that
we will succeed in reducing future increases in such costs
 particularly if government regulations require us to change our health and welfare benefits or we need to attract and retain additional qualified personnel. Our inability to control such
Although we consider our labor relations to be good
 if a
significant number of our employees engaged in a work slowdown
 or other type of labor unrest
 it could in some cases impair our ability to supply our products to customers
 which could result in reduced sales
 and may distract our management from
focusing on our business and strategic priorities. Any of these activities could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 


 


 Illinois site which also houses
our primary manufacturing operations and corporate headquarters (the &#147;Elgin Site&#148;). The remaining principal production facilities are located in Bainbridge
 Georgia; Garysburg
 North Carolina; Selma
 Texas and Gustine
 California. In
addition
As described below in Part II
 Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151; Liquidity and Capital Resources&#148;
 the Mortgage Facility (as defined below) is secured by mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
California and Garysburg
 North Carolina. 
The following table provides
certain information regarding our principal facilities: 























Constructed
Acquired
or

Bainbridge
 Georgia






Peanut&nbsp;shelling
&nbsp;purchasing
 processing
 packaging











Garysburg
 North Carolina






Peanut shelling
 purchasing
 processing
 packaging











Selma
 Texas







 processing
 bulk packaging










Gustine
 California







 processing
 packaging










Elgin
 Illinois

















Elgin
 Illinois



001




Processing
 packaging


 distribution and corporate offices











building may be leased to third parties; however
 there can be no assurance that we will be able to lease the unoccupied space. Further capital expenditures will likely be necessary to lease all of the remaining space. 
 


b. Manufacturing Capability
 Utilization
 Technology and Engineering 


from raw storage to processing to packaging to distribution. The Elgin Site was designed to minimize the risk of cross contamination between tree nuts and peanuts. Also
 the Elgin Site is designed to accommodate an increase in production capacity of
The Selma facility contains our automated pecan shelling and bulk packaging operation. The facility&#146;s pecan
shelling production lines currently have the capacity to shell in excess of 90&nbsp;million inshell pounds of pecans annually. During fiscal 2016
 we processed approximately 39&nbsp;million inshell pounds of pecans at the Selma facility. 

and cleans
 shells
 sizes
 inspects
 blanches
 roasts and packages them for sale to our customers. The production line at the Bainbridge facility is almost entirely automated and has the capacity to shell approximately 120&nbsp;million inshell
pounds of peanuts annually. During fiscal 2016
The Garysburg
facility has the capacity to process approximately 60&nbsp;million inshell pounds of farmer stock peanuts annually. During fiscal 2016
 the Garysburg facility processed approximately 11&nbsp;million inshell pounds of peanuts. 

 processing
 packaging
 warehousing and distribution. This facility has the capacity to shell in excess of
60&nbsp;million inshell pounds of walnuts annually. During fiscal 2016
 the Gustine facility shelled approximately 22&nbsp;million inshell pounds of walnuts. 

 Garysburg
 Selma
 and Gustine facilities are equipped to handle the processing
 packaging
 warehousing and distribution
 and in the case of
our Bainbridge and Garysburg facilities
 the purchasing of nuts. Furthermore
 at our Elgin Site
 we process
 package
 warehouse and distribute nuts. We currently have more than sufficient capacity at our facilities to handle the aforementioned
We
are a party to various lawsuits
 proceedings and other matters arising out of the conduct of our business. Currently
 it is management&#146;s opinion that the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect upon our
business
 financial condition
For a discussion of our legal proceedings
 investigations
 settlements and other
contingencies
 see &#147;Note 7 &#151; Commitments and Contingent Liabilities&#148; in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II
 Item&nbsp;8 of this Form 10-K. 
Not
applicable. 
 


 

 the following executive officer description
information is included as an unnumbered item in Part I of this Report in lieu of being included in the Proxy Statement for our annual meeting of stockholders to be held on November&nbsp;2
 2016. Below are our executive officers as of
August&nbsp;24
Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer
 age 53 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo has been employed by us since 1991 and in
November 2006 was named our Chief Executive Officer. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo served as our Executive Vice President Sales and Marketing from January 2001 to November 2006. He served as our Senior Vice President Sales and Marketing from August 1999 to
January 2001. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo has been a member of our Board of Directors since August 1999. He served as General Manager West Coast Operations from September 1991 to September 1993. He served as Vice President West Coast Operations and Sales
from October 1993 to September 1995
Michael J.
Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary
 age 57 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Valentine has been employed by us since 1987. In November 2006
 Mr.&nbsp;Valentine was named our Chief Financial Officer and Group President and
 in May
2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Valentine was named our Secretary. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as our Executive Vice President Finance
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary from January 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as our Senior Vice President and
Secretary from August 1999 to January 2001. He has been a member of our Board of Directors since April 1997. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as our Vice President and Secretary from December 1995 to August 1999. He served as an Assistant Secretary and the
General Manager of External Operations for us from June 1987 and 1990
 respectively
 to December 1995. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine&#146;s responsibilities also include peanut
 almond
 imported nut
 packaging and other ingredient procurement and our contract
Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief Operating Officer
 President and Assistant Secretary
 age 48 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo has
been employed by us since 1992. In November 2006
 Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo was named our Chief Operating Officer and President and
 in May 2007
 Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo was named our Treasurer and held that position until January 2009. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo
served as our Executive Vice President Operations
 retaining his position as Assistant Secretary
 which he assumed in December 1995 from 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo became a member of our Board of Directors in December 2003. He became
our Senior Vice President Operations in August 1999 and served as Vice President Operations from December 1995 to August 1999. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo was the General Manager of our Gustine
 California facility beginning in October 1995
and from June 1992 to October 1995 he served as Assistant Treasurer and worked in our Financial Relations Department. Mr.&nbsp;Sanfilippo is responsible for overseeing our plant operations
 research and development
 and product innovation. 
James A. Valentine
 Chief Information Officer
 age 52 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Valentine has been employed by us since 1986 and in November 2006 was named our
Chief Information Officer. He served as our Executive Vice President Information Technology from August 2001 to November 2006. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine served as Senior Vice President Information Technology from January 2000 to August 2001 and as Vice
President of Management Information Systems from January 1995 to January 2000. Mr.&nbsp;Valentine is responsible for overseeing our information technology functions and managing cyber risks. 
Michael G. Cannon
 Senior Vice President
 Corporate Operations
 age 63 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Cannon joined us in October 2005 as Senior Vice President of
Operations. Previously
 he was Vice President of Operations at Sugar Foods Corp.
 a manufacturer and distributor of food products
 from 1995 to October 2005. Mr.&nbsp;Cannon is responsible for the production operations for all of our facilities.
Thomas J. Fordonski
 Senior Vice President
 Human Resources
 age 63 &#151; Mr.&nbsp;Fordonski joined us in August 2007 as Vice President of Human
Resources and was promoted to Senior Vice President of Human Resources in January 2010.&nbsp;Previously
 he was Director of Human Resources for Continental AG
 a German-based global manufacturer of electronic automotive equipment.&nbsp;Prior to
that
 Mr.&nbsp;Fordonski was at Motorola
 Incorporated for 25 years
 with his career culminating as the Director of Human Resources for the global supply chain in the messaging and cellular communications business.&nbsp;He is responsible for leading
Frank S. Pellegrino
 Senior Vice President
 Finance and Corporate Controller
 age 42 &#151;
Mr.&nbsp;Pellegrino joined us in January 2007 as Director of Accounting and was appointed Corporate Controller in September 2007. In January 2009
 he was named Vice President Finance and Corporate Controller. In August 2012
 he was promoted to
Senior Vice President
 Finance. Previously
 Mr.&nbsp;Pellegrino was Internal Audit Manager at W.W. Grainger
 a business-to-business distributor
 from June 2003 to January 2007. Prior to that
 he was a Manager in the Assurance Practice of
PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 where he was employed from 1996 to 2003. Mr.&nbsp;Pellegrino is responsible for our accounting and finance functions. 
 


Christopher Gardier
 Senior Vice President
 Consumer Sales
 age 56&nbsp;&#151;&nbsp;Mr.&nbsp;Gardier
joined us in May&nbsp;2010 as Vice President
 Consumer Sales. In August 2012
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was promoted to Senior Vice President
 Consumer Sales. Previously
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was the Vice President Sales for the Snacks Division at The Hain
Celestial Group
 where he led a national sales team of eight regional managers selling natural and organic salty snack brands. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was a Customer Vice President
 Central Region at Pepperidge Farm for six years
 where he
led a team of independent biscuit and bakery distributors covering 13 Midwestern states. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Gardier was a Director of National Accounts at Frito Lay for almost five years
 where he led a sales and operations team responsible for
the mass merchandising channel. Mr.&nbsp;Gardier is responsible for leading our Consumer Sales efforts

 Fisher Nut Exactly 
Howard Brandeisky
 Senior Vice President
 Global Marketing and Customer Solutions

President
 Marketing&nbsp;&amp; Innovation. His role was expanded to include Customer Solutions in March 2011. In October 2013
 he was promoted to Senior Vice President
 Global Marketing and Customer Solutions. Previously
 he was an independent
consultant in the food industry for a year. Prior to that
 Mr.&nbsp;Brandeisky was at Kraft Foods
 Inc. for 24 years
 with his career culminating as a Vice President of Marketing. He is responsible for leading the marketing
 consumer insights
creative services
RELATIONSHIPS AMONG CERTAIN DIRECTORS AND EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
Mathias A. Valentine
 a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the father of Michael J. Valentine
 an executive officer and director of the Company
and James A. Valentine
 an executive officer of the Company and (ii)&nbsp;the uncle of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr. and Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 executive officers and directors of the Company
 and James J. Sanfilippo
 a director of the Company. 

 Chief Financial Officer
 Group President and Secretary and a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the son of Mathias A. Valentine
(ii)&nbsp;the brother of James A. Valentine and (iii)&nbsp;the cousin of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo. 

 Chief Executive Officer and a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the brother of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr. and James J. Sanfilippo
Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Chief
Operating Officer
 President and a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the brother of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo
 (ii)&nbsp;the nephew of Mathias A. Valentine and (iii)&nbsp;the cousin of Michael J. Valentine and James A.
James J. Sanfilippo
 a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the brother of Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 (ii)&nbsp;the
James A. Valentine
 Chief Information Officer of
the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;the son of Mathias A. Valentine
 (ii)&nbsp;the brother of Michael J. Valentine and (iii)&nbsp;the cousin of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo and James J. Sanfilippo. 

 a director of the Company
 is (i)&nbsp;a nephew by marriage of Mathias A. Valentine
 director of the Company and (ii)&nbsp;the first
cousin by marriage of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Michael J. Valentine and James A. Valentine
 executive officers and certain of whom are also directors of the Company
 and James J. Sanfilippo
 a director of the Company. 
 


 


Directors
 rounded up to the nearest whole number
 and the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to elect the remaining directors. With respect to matters other than the election of directors or any matters for which class voting is required by
law
 the holders of Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share while the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to ten votes per share. Our Class&nbsp;A Stock is not registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and there is no established
public trading market for the Class&nbsp;A Stock. However
 each share of Class&nbsp;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time and from time to time (and
 upon the occurrence of certain events specified in our Restated
Certificate of Incorporation
Our Common Stock is quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market and
our trading symbol is &#147;JBSS&#148;. The following tables set forth
 for the quarters indicated
 the high and low reported sales prices for the Common Stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market. 


















Year Ended June&nbsp;30
 2016























































Year Ended June 25
 2015















































 



cumulative total returns of the Russell 2000 Consumer Staples Index and the Russell 2000 Index. The graph tracks the performance of a $100 investment in our Common Stock
 in each index (with the reinvestment of all dividends) from July&nbsp;1
 2011
to June&nbsp;30
 2016. 

 Inc.
 the Russell 2000 Index
 



 




 2011 in stock or index
Indexes calculated
The information contained in the preceding performance graph shall not be deemed to be &#147;soliciting material&#148; or to be
&#147;filed&#148; with the SEC
 nor shall such information be incorporated by reference into any future filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act of 1934
 except to the extent that we specifically incorporate it by reference in
As of August&nbsp;12
 2016 there were 34 holders and 17 holders of record of our Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock
 respectively. 

 the Class&nbsp;A Stock and the Common Stock are entitled to share equally on a share for share basis in any
dividends declared by the Board of Directors on our common equity. Our current financing agreements
 as amended on July&nbsp;7
 2016
 allow us to make up to one cash dividend or distribution of our stock per quarter in an amount not to exceed $60
million in the aggregate per fiscal year. See Part II
 Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &#151; Liquidity and Capital Resources &#151; Financing Arrangements.&#148;
On October&nbsp;27
 2015 our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend. A $2.00 special cash dividend was paid to holders of Common Stock and
Class&nbsp;A Stock on December&nbsp;11
 2015. On October&nbsp;28
 2014
 our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend. A $1.50 special cash dividend was paid to holders of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Stock on December&nbsp;12
 2014. 

 we expect that our Board of Directors will consider declaring a special dividend in the second quarter of our 2017 fiscal year
 subject to
For purposes of the calculation of the aggregate market value of our voting stock held by non-affiliates as set
forth on the cover page of this Report
 we did not consider any of the siblings or spouses of Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Sr. (our former chairman of the board) or Mathias A. Valentine
 or any of the lineal descendants of either Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Sr.
Mathias A. Valentine or such siblings (other than those who are our executive officers
 directors or who have formed a group within the meaning of Section&nbsp;13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#147;Exchange
Act&#148;)
 with either Jasper B. Sanfilippo Sr. or Mathias A. Valentine) as an affiliate. See &#147;Review of Related Party Transactions&#148; and &#147;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management&#148; contained in our Proxy
Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting and &#147;Relationships Among Certain Directors and Executive Officers&#148; appearing immediately before Part II of this Report. 
 


 

 2016
 with respect to equity securities authorized for issuance pursuant to equity compensation
Equity
Compensation Plan Information 


















exercise&nbsp;of&nbsp;options



options



(excluding
securities
















































 


 

 2016
 June&nbsp;25
 2015
&nbsp;June&nbsp;26
 2014
June&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2013 and June&nbsp;28
&nbsp;2012 was derived from our consolidated financial statements. The financial data should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto
 which are included
elsewhere herein
 and with Item&nbsp;7 &#151; &#147;Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#148;. The information below is not necessarily indicative of the results of future operations. 
(dollars in thousands
 except per share data) 
































June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28





































































































































Gain on sale of assets held for sale
 net


































































































Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net










































































































































































































































































June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



June&nbsp;26



June&nbsp;27



June&nbsp;28

























































Long-term debt
 less current maturities
















































































 


Item&nbsp;7 &#151; Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements. Our fiscal year ends on the final Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week quarters). However
 the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 consisted of fifty-three weeks with our fourth
quarter containing fourteen weeks. Additional information on the comparability of the periods presented is as follows: 






 2017. 






 fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014 are to the fiscal years ended June&nbsp;30
 2016
 June&nbsp;25
 2015 and&nbsp;June&nbsp;26
 2014
 respectively. 

 unless the context otherwise indicates
 the terms &#147;we&#148;
 &#147;us&#148;
 &#147;our&#148; or &#147;Company&#148; refer collectively to
John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC and Sanfilippo (Shanghai) Trading Co. Ltd. Our Credit Facility and Mortgage Facility
 as defined below
 are sometimes collectively referred to as &#147;our
We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts in the

 Orchard Valley Harvest
brand names. We also market and distribute
 and in most cases manufacture or
process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower kernels
 dried fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack
products under private brands and brand names. We distribute our products in the consumer
 commercial ingredients
 contract packaging and export distribution channels. 

2016
 our executive team reviewed our Strategic Plan
 and in particular our strategy of increasing sales through international expansion. Based on the complexity
 high level of competition and overall sales
 our management concluded that we should
discontinue our efforts to sell branded consumer products into China and certain other international markets. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 we reviewed and considered alternatives to replace our export growth strategy and modified our
Strategic Plan accordingly. For fiscal 2017
 our Strategic Plan will focus on the following goals: 




 into leading nut brands by focusing on consumers demanding quality nuts in the snacking
 recipe and produce categories
 






 launching differentiated products and investing in new businesses
 and 





 brand products increased approximately 11% over last year. During
fiscal 2016
 brands. The improved distribution drove an increase in sales volume
 especially during the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2016. In
addition
 we introduced an innovative snack bite product
 
 to a number of retailers in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2015. Overall
increased 90% compared to
We face a number of challenges in the future which include
 among others
 volatile commodity costs for certain tree nuts and intensified
competition for market share from both private brand and name brand nut products. We experienced increasing almond acquisition costs during fiscal 2015
 which increased further in the first half of fiscal 2016. Consequently
 the resulting price
increases reduced consumer demand for certain almond products during fiscal 2016. However
 during the second half of fiscal 2016
 acquisition costs for almonds declined significantly and acquisition costs for walnuts also declined. We expect this
trend regarding almond acquisition costs to continue into the first two quarters of fiscal 2017. These declines in acquisition costs are expected to result in lower selling prices for products that contain these nuts. Since sales of almonds and
walnuts comprise a significant percentage of our total net sales
 we anticipate that lower selling prices could result in a reduction in total net sales and gross profit in future comparisons until the impact of lower retail prices ultimately drives
We will continue to focus on seeking profitable business opportunities to further utilize
) brands. We continue to
 brands and expect to continue to focus on this portion of our branded business. We will continue to face the ongoing challenges specific to our
business such as food safety and regulatory issues and the maintenance and growth of our customer base. See the information referenced in Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; of this report for additional information about our risks
challenges and uncertainties. 
 


 






 or 7.3%
 to $952.1 million compared to fiscal 2015. 






 as a percentage of net sales
 decreased to 14.4% in fiscal 2016 from 14.9% in fiscal 2015. 







 and our operating expenses
 as a percentage of net sales
 were consistent with fiscal 2015 at 9.0% of net sales. 



















 or 20.9%
 in comparison to the total value of inventories on hand at the end of fiscal 2015. 

 we have seen acquisition costs for domestic tree nuts decrease in the 2015 crop year (which falls into our current 2016 fiscal
year). While we completed our procurement of the current year crop of inshell walnuts during the second quarter of fiscal 2016
 the total payments to our walnut growers were not determined until the third quarter of fiscal 2016
 which is typical.
The final prices paid to the walnut growers were based upon current market prices and other factors
 such as crop size and export demand. At June&nbsp;30
 2016 there are no amounts due to walnut growers. 
The following table sets forth the
percentage relationship of certain items to net sales for the periods indicated and the percentage increase or decrease of such items from fiscal 2016 to fiscal 2015 and from fiscal 2015 to fiscal 2014. 










































































































































Our net sales increased 7.3% to $952.1
million for fiscal 2016 from $887.2 million for fiscal 2015. Sales volume (measured as pounds sold to customers) increased by 6.6% for fiscal 2016 in comparison to sales volume for fiscal 2015. Sales volume increased for all major nut types except
The following summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales
rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments from gross sales to net sales
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product type. 
























































































































 


 




















































































































































































 branded products were approximately 87% and 90% of branded sales during
fiscal 2016 and 2015 respectively
 with branded produce products accounting for the remaining branded product sales. 




during fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015
 respectively. In fiscal 2017 we will be consolidating our bulk export business into our commercial ingredients channel and the remaining portion of our export consumer products business into our consumer channel.
Net sales in the consumer distribution channel increased by 6.1% in dollars and 4.5% in sales volume in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal
 brand sales volume increased by 12.0% in fiscal 2016 compared to
 snack nuts and peanut butter increased a combined 21.0%
 primarily as a result of increased promotional activity and new
 recipe nut sales volume increased 5.8% from fiscal 2015
 and


increase was primarily due to an increase in sales of peanuts to peanut oil stock crushers and to other peanut shellers and increased sales of cashew products to an existing customer. In August 2016
 we were notified by a significant customer in the
commercial ingredients sales channel of its intent to move some or all of its almond butter requirements to a vertically integrated almond butter supplier during our second quarter of fiscal 2017. Almond butter sales to this customer in fiscal 2016
were approximately $90.0 million while the gross profit margin on this business was substantially lower than our total gross profit margin for fiscal 2016. Although demand for almond butter has increased considerably in recent years
 net sales in
our commercial ingredients sales channel in fiscal 2017 may decline if this lost sales volume cannot be replaced through organic growth or expansion of products at existing customers. 

sales volume increase was primarily due to increased sales with existing customers due in large part to new item introductions and increased promotional activity implemented by customers in this channel. 

 though sales volume increased 15.6% compared to fiscal 2015. The
sales volume increase was primarily due to increased sales of bulk walnuts. 

The increase in gross profit resulted primarily from increased sales volume. The decline in gross profit margin
was primarily attributable to a decline in gross profit on sales of walnuts in the third quarter. 
Total operating expenses for
fiscal 2016 increased by $6.0 million to $86.2 million. Operating expenses as a percent of net sales were 9.0% for both fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. 

 an increase of $1.5 million
 or 3.0%
 over the amount recorded for fiscal 2015. The increase was driven
marketing and advertising expense. Partially
offsetting these increases was a $1.7 million decrease in shipping expense driven primarily by decreasing fuel costs and an increase in customers using their own freight carriers to pick up their orders. 

 an increase of $4.5 million
 or 14.8%
 from the amount recorded for fiscal 2015 due primarily to a
$3.3 million increase in both incentive and ordinary compensation-related expenses. 

 our income from our operations was $51.3 million
 or 5.4% of net sales
 for fiscal 2016
 compared to $51.9 million
 or 5.8%
of net sales
 for fiscal 2015. 
 


 

Rental and Miscellaneous Expense
 Net 

the exterior of our office building located at the Elgin Site being completed during fiscal 2015 while no such repair expenses were incurred in fiscal 2016. 
Income tax expense was $16.1
million
 or 34.6% of income before income taxes
 for fiscal 2016 compared to $15.6 million
 or 34.7% of income before income taxes
 for fiscal 2015. 
Net income was $30.4 million
 or $2.71
basic and $2.68 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2016
 compared to $29.3 million
 or $2.63 basic and $2.61 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2015
 due to the factors discussed above. 
Net Sales
Our net sales increased 14.0% to $887.2 million for fiscal 2015 from $778.6 million for fiscal 2014. Sales volume (measured as pounds sold to
customers) increased by 5.4% for fiscal 2015 in comparison to sales volume for fiscal 2014. The increase in net sales was attributable to both an 8.1% increase in the weighted average sales price per pound
 driven by selling price increases due to
higher commodity acquisition costs for most major tree nut types
 as well as the aforementioned sales volume increase. Approximately 78% of the total sales volume increase occurred in the consumer distribution channel. 

 rather than net sales
 because
certain adjustments from gross sales to net sales
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product type. 
























































































































 


 




















































































































































































 brand
 were approximately 32% and 31% of total consumer channel sales during fiscal 2015 and 2014
 respectively. 





during fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014
Net sales in the consumer distribution channel increased by 16.7% in dollars and 7.9% in
 recipe nuts continue to be the market share leader in the overall recipe nut category
 excluding wholesale club sales. Total
 brand snack nut sales volume increased 14.0% due largely to the distribution of inshell
 recipe nut sales volume increased 4.7% from fiscal 2014
 primarily as a result of increased sales to a significant customer. Private brand consumer sales volume increased by
Net sales in
the commercial ingredients distribution channel increased by 7.3% in dollars for fiscal 2015
 though sales volume was relatively unchanged compared to fiscal 2014. An increase in almond and peanut sales volume to existing customers was nearly offset
by lower bulk pecan sales volume as a result of a smaller pecan crop and lower sales volume of macadamia nuts and walnuts due to lost business with customers using these nuts in their products. 

increase in sales volume primarily resulted from increased sales of peanut
Net
sales in the export distribution channel increased 6.0% in dollars for fiscal 2015
 though sales volume decreased 4.6% compared to fiscal 2014. The sales volume decrease was primarily due to a significantly lower supply of bulk inshell walnuts for
the export market. The decrease in volume was offset by an 11.0% increase in the weighted average sales price per pound. 

fiscal 2015 from 15.8% for fiscal 2014. The increase in gross profit resulted primarily from increased sales volume. The decline in gross profit margin was primarily due to higher acquisition costs for pecans and almonds
 combined with an increase
in manufacturing cost mainly related to employee related costs and repair and maintenance expenses. 

of an Elgin
 Illinois site that was formerly owned by the company which did not recur this fiscal year. Operating expenses for fiscal 2015 decreased to 9.0% of net sales from 9.7% of net sales for fiscal 2014 primarily due to a higher net sales
Selling expenses for fiscal 2015 were $49.6 million
 an increase of $1.4 million
 or 2.9%
 over the amount recorded for fiscal 2014 due primarily
Administrative expenses for
fiscal 2015 were $30.5 million
 an increase of $1.3 million
 or 4.4%
 from the amount recorded for fiscal 2014 due primarily to a $2.0 million increase in compensation-related expenses
 partially offset by
 among other things
 a decrease in
professional expenses of $0.5 million. 
 


 

 our income from our operations was $51.9 million
 or 5.8% of net sales
 for fiscal 2015
 compared to $47.0 million
 or 6.0%
of net sales
 for fiscal 2014. 

Rental and Miscellaneous Expense
 Net 

maintenance expense on the exterior of the office building located on our Elgin
 Illinois campus which was completed during the first half of fiscal 2015. 
Income tax expense was $15.6
million
 or 34.7% of income before income taxes
 for fiscal 2015 compared to $13.5 million
 or 34.0% of income before income taxes for fiscal 2014. The increase in the effective tax rate of fiscal 2015 is primarily due to the fiscal 2014 tax benefit
of losses realized when the Company divested its equity investment in ARMA Energy
 Inc. (&#147;AEI&#148;) and cancelled a secured promissory note due from AEI in fiscal 2014 which did not recur this fiscal year. 
Net income was $29.3 million
 or $2.63
basic and $2.61 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2015
 compared to $26.3 million
 or $2.38 basic and $2.36 diluted per common share
 for fiscal 2014
 due to the factors discussed above. 
 


 
The primary uses of cash are to fund our
current operations
 fulfill contractual obligations
 pursue our Strategic Plan and repay indebtedness. Also
 various uncertainties could result in additional uses of cash. The primary sources of cash are results of operations and availability under
our Credit Agreement
 dated February&nbsp;7
 2008 and subsequently amended most recently in July 2016 (as amended
 the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;)
 that provides a revolving loan commitment and letter of credit subfacility. We anticipate that
expected net cash flow generated from operations and amounts available pursuant to the Credit Facility will be sufficient to fund our operations for the next twelve months. Our available credit under our Credit Facility has allowed us to consummate
business acquisitions
 brands)
 reinvest in the Company through capital expenditures
 develop new products
 pay a special cash dividend
the past four years
Cash flows from operating activities have historically been
driven by net income but are also significantly influenced by inventory requirements
 which can change based upon fluctuations in both quantities and market prices of the various nuts and nut products we buy and sell. Current market trends in nut
The following table sets forth certain cash flow information for the last three fiscal years
(dollars in thousands): 






















June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25






June&nbsp;26

























































































































 Net cash provided by operating activities was $89.2 million in fiscal 2016
 an increase of
$75.3 million compared to fiscal 2015. This increase was due primarily to a reduced use of working capital for inventory and accounts receivable in fiscal 2016 compared to fiscal 2015. 

 2016
 a slight increase of $2.5 million
 or 3.2%
 from the balance at June&nbsp;25
 2015. The
Total inventories
were $156.6 million at June&nbsp;30
 2016
 a decrease of $41.4 million
 or 20.9%
 from the inventory balance at June&nbsp;25
 2015. This decrease was primarily driven by the decrease in walnut acquisition costs and lower amounts of finished goods
The weighted average cost per pound of raw nut and dried fruit input stocks on hand at June&nbsp;30
 2016
decreased by 31.6% compared to June&nbsp;25
 2015 mainly due to significantly lower acquisition costs for walnuts and to a lesser extent almonds. Pounds of raw nut input stocks on hand at the end of June&nbsp;30
 2016 increased by 8.6&nbsp;million
pounds
 or 20.0%
 when compared to the quantity of raw nut input stocks on hand at June&nbsp;25
 2015
 due primarily to increased quantities of peanuts and inshell walnuts. The weighted average cost per pound of finished goods on hand at
June&nbsp;30
 2016 decreased by 11.0% over the weighted average cost per pound of finished goods on hand at June&nbsp;25
 2015 primarily due to the above noted decreased acquisition costs. 

 an increase of $2.0 million compared to fiscal 2014. This increase is due primarily to
Net
accounts receivable were $75.6 million at June&nbsp;25
 2015
 an increase of $19.8 million
 or 35.5%
 from the balance at June&nbsp;26
 2014. The increase in net accounts receivable is due primarily to higher dollar sales in the month of June 2015
Total inventories were $198.0 million at June&nbsp;25
 2015
 an
increase of $15.2 million
 or 8.3%
 from the inventory balance at June&nbsp;26
 2014. This increase is due primarily to increased costs and quantities of finished goods and work-in-process inventories. The increase in quantities of finished goods
and work-in-process inventories was a result of building pecan inventories in preparation for production line upgrades that were implemented near the end of fiscal 2015. The increase in the costs of these inventory items were primarily attributable
to increased acquisition costs for pecans
The weighted average cost per pound of raw nut and dried fruit input stocks on hand at
June&nbsp;25
 2015 increased by 36.5% compared to June&nbsp;26
 2014 due to higher acquisition costs for pecans
 almonds and cashews combined with a large decline in quantity of lower cost peanut input stocks. Pounds of raw nut input stocks on hand
at the end of June&nbsp;25
 2015 decreased by 14.7&nbsp;million pounds
 or 25.5%
 
 



when compared to the quantity of raw nut input stocks on hand at June&nbsp;26
 2014
 due primarily to the above noted decrease in peanuts on hand. The weighted average cost per pound of finished
goods on hand at June&nbsp;25
 2015 increased by 5.8% over the weighted average cost per pound of finished goods on hand at June&nbsp;26
 2014 primarily due to the above noted increased acquisition costs. 
 Cash used in investing activities was $14.9 million in fiscal 2016. Capital expenditures accounted for a $15.0 million use
Cash used in investing activities was $14.3 million in fiscal 2015. Capital expenditures accounted for a $14.4 million use of
Cash used in investing activities was
$2.1 million in fiscal 2014. Capital expenditures accounted for a $9.9 million use of cash in fiscal 2014. Partially offsetting these capital expenditures were $7.9 million of proceeds from the disposition of assets
 primarily the sale of the Old
We expect total capital expenditures for equipment purchases and upgrades
 facility maintenance and food safety enhancements for&nbsp;fiscal
2017 to be approximately&nbsp;$12.5 million.&nbsp;Absent any material acquisitions or other significant investments
 we believe that cash on hand
 combined with cash provided by operations and borrowings available under&nbsp;the Credit Facility
 Cash used in financing activities was
$74.0 million during fiscal 2016. We paid a $22.5 million special dividend in December 2015. We repaid $3.4 million of long-term debt during fiscal 2016
 $3.0 million of which was related to the Mortgage Facility (as defined below). In addition to
these uses of cash there was a net decrease in borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility of $49.1 million during fiscal 2016 which occurred in part as a result of the decrease in inventory. 

of long-term debt during fiscal 2015
 $3.0 million of which was related to the Mortgage Facility (as defined below). Offsetting these uses of cash was a net increase in borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility of $20.6 million during fiscal
Cash used in financing activities was $8.8 million during fiscal 2014. We paid a
$16.6 million special dividend in December 2013. We repaid $3.3 million of long-term debt during fiscal 2014
 $3.0 million of which was related to the Mortgage Facility. Partially offsetting these uses of cash was a net increase in borrowings
outstanding under our Credit Facility of $8.7 million during fiscal 2014 which occurred in part as a result of the increase in inventory. 
 


 

 2008
 we entered into the Credit Facility with a bank group (the &#147;Bank Lenders&#148;) providing a $117.5 million revolving loan
commitment and letter of credit subfacility. Also on February&nbsp;7
 2008
 we entered into a Loan Agreement with an insurance company (the &#147;Mortgage Lender&#148;) providing us with two term loans
 one in the amount of $36.0 million
(&#147;Tranche A&#148;) and the other in the amount of $9.0 million (&#147;Tranche B&#148;)
 for an aggregate amount of $45.0 million (the &#147;Mortgage Facility&#148;). 
The Credit Facility is secured by
substantially all of our assets other than machinery and equipment
 real property
 and fixtures. The Mortgage Facility is secured by mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and
Garysburg
On September&nbsp;30
 2014
 we entered into the Sixth Amendment to the Credit Facility
(the &#147;Sixth Amendment&#148;) which extended the maturity date of the Credit Facility from July&nbsp;15
 2016 to July&nbsp;15
 2019 and reduced the interest rates charged for loan advances and letter of credit borrowings. The aggregate revolving
loan commitment amount did not change. In addition
 the Sixth Amendment allows the Company to
 without obtaining Bank Lender consent
 (i)&nbsp;make up to two cash dividends or distributions on our stock each fiscal year
 or (ii)&nbsp;purchase
acquire
 redeem or retire stock in any fiscal year
 in any case
 in an amount not to exceed $25.0 million
 individually or in the aggregate
 as long as the excess availability under the Credit Facility remains over $30.0 million after giving effect
to any such dividend
 distribution
 purchase or redemption. The Sixth Amendment also increased the amount of permitted acquisitions from $50.0 million to $100.0 million and removed the annual limit on capital expenditures. 

 2016
 the weighted average interest rate for the Credit Facility was 3.75%. The terms of the Credit Facility contain covenants that
 among
other things
 require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 acquisitions
 certain sales of assets
 cash dividends
 transactions with affiliates
 redemptions of capital stock and prepayment of indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
is of a subordinate debt). If loan availability under the borrowing base calculation falls below $25.0 million
 we will be required to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly basis until loan availability equals or
exceeds $25.0 million for three consecutive months. All cash received from customers is required to be applied against the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders have the option to accelerate and demand immediate repayment of our obligations under the
Credit Facility in the event of default on the payments required under the Credit Facility
 a change in control in the ownership of the Company
 non-compliance with the financial covenant or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under
the Credit Facility (including a default under the Mortgage Facility). As of June&nbsp;30
 2016
 we were in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility and we currently expect to be in compliance with the financial covenant in the Credit
Facility for the foreseeable future. As of June&nbsp;30
 2016
 we had $101.7 million of available credit under the Credit Facility. We would still be in compliance with all restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility if this entire amount were
After the conclusion of the 2016 fiscal year
 on July&nbsp;7
 2016 we entered into the Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement (the &#147;Seventh
Amendment&#148;) which extended the maturity date of the Credit Agreement from July&nbsp;15
 2019 to July&nbsp;7
 2021
 and reduced by twenty-five basis points the interest rates charged for loan advances and letter of credit borrowings. The unused
line fee was reduced to 0.25%&nbsp;per annum. The aggregate revolving loan commitment remained unchanged. In addition
 the Seventh Amendment allows the Company to
 without obtaining Bank Lender consent
 (i)&nbsp;make up to one cash dividend or
distribution on our stock per quarter
 or (ii)&nbsp;purchase
 acquire
 redeem or retire stock in any fiscal quarter
 in any case
 in an amount not to exceed $60.0 million in the aggregate per fiscal year
 as long as no default or event of default
exists and the excess availability under the Credit Agreement remains over $30.0 million immediately before and after giving effect to any such dividend
 distribution
 purchase or redemption. The Seventh Amendment also permits an additional 5% of
outstanding accounts receivable from a major customer to be included as eligible in the borrowing base calculation and reduced the amount available for letter of credit usage to $10.0 million. 
We are subject to interest rate resets
for each of Tranche A and Tranche B. Specifically
 on March&nbsp;1
 2018 (the &#147;Tranche A Reset Date&#148; and the &#147;Tranche B Reset Date&#148;) and every two years thereafter
 the&nbsp;Mortgage Lender&nbsp;may reset the interest rates for
each of Tranche A and Tranche B
 respectively
 in its sole and absolute discretion. If the reset interest rate for Tranche A is unacceptable to us and we (i)&nbsp;do not have sufficient funds to repay amounts due with respect to Tranche A on the
Tranche A Reset Date
 or (ii)&nbsp;are unable to refinance amounts due with respect to Tranche A on the Tranche A Reset Date on terms more favorable than the reset interest rates
 then
 depending on the extent of the changes in the reset interest
rates
The Mortgage Facility matures on
March&nbsp;1
 2023. Tranche A under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest at a fixed interest rate of 7.63%&nbsp;per annum
 payable monthly. As mentioned above
 such interest rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on the Tranche A Reset Date.
Monthly principal payments in the amount of $0.2 million commenced on June&nbsp;1
 2008. Tranche B under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest
 as reset on March&nbsp;1
 2016
 at a floating rate of the greater of (i)&nbsp;one month LIBOR plus
3.50%&nbsp;per annum or (ii)&nbsp;4.25%
 payable monthly (the &#147;Floating Rate&#148;). The margin on such Floating Rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on each Tranche B Reset Date; provided
 however
 that the Mortgage Lender may also change
the underlying index on each Tranche B Reset Date occurring on or after March&nbsp;1
 2018. Monthly principal payments in the amount of $0.1 million commenced on June&nbsp;1
 2008. We do not currently anticipate that any change in the Floating Rate
or the underlying index will have a material adverse effect upon our business
The terms of the Mortgage
Facility contain covenants that require us to maintain a specified net worth of $110.0 million and maintain the Encumbered Properties. The Mortgage Lender is entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage Facility in
the event we default in the payments required under the Mortgage Facility
 non-compliance with the covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of June&nbsp;30
 2016
 we were in compliance with all
covenants under the Mortgage Facility. 

 we sold our Selma
 Texas properties (the &#147;Selma Properties&#148;) to two related party partnerships for $14.3 million and are leasing
them back. The selling price was determined by an independent appraiser to be the fair market value which also approximated our carrying value. The lease for the Selma Properties has a ten-year term at a fair market value rent with three five-year
renewal options. Also
 we currently have an option to purchase the Selma Properties from the partnerships at 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of the then fair market value
 but not less than the original $14.3 million purchase price. The
provisions of the arrangement are not eligible for sale-leaseback accounting and the $14.3 million was recorded as a debt obligation. No gain or loss was recorded on the Selma Properties transaction. As of June&nbsp;30
 2016
 $11.5 million of the
In September 2015
 we exercised two five-year renewal options which extended the Selma lease to September&nbsp;18
 2026
(unless we purchase it before such date) and reduced the base monthly lease amount we pay on the Selma Properties. 
 


 

 2016
 we were not involved in any off-balance sheet arrangements
 as defined in Item&nbsp;303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation&nbsp;S-K promulgated
At
June&nbsp;30
 2016
 we had the following contractual cash obligations for long-term debt (including scheduled interest payments)
 operating leases
 the Credit Facility
 purchase obligations
 retirement plans and other long-term liabilities (amounts
in this subsection in thousands): 


















































































































































































































































 2016. See Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further detail on the
Company&#146;s long-term debt obligations. 




971 of inventory purchases. These amounts primarily represent commitments to purchase inventory and equipment; however these amounts exclude purchase commitments under walnut
purchase agreements due to the uncertainty of pricing and quantity. 




 


 

disclosed in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements are applied in the preparation of our financial statements and accounting for the underlying transactions and balances. The policies discussed below are considered by our management to be
critical for an understanding of our financial statements because the application of these policies places the most significant demands on management&#146;s judgment
 with financial reporting results relying on estimation regarding the effect of
matters that are inherently uncertain. Specific risks
 if applicable
 for these critical accounting policies are described in the following paragraphs. For a detailed discussion on the application of these and other accounting policies
 see Note 1
Preparation of this Annual Report on Form 10-K requires us to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results may differ
from those estimates. See &#147;Forward-Looking Statements&#148; below. 

 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs
and collection is reasonably assured. We sell our products under some arrangements
 which include customer contracts that fix the sales price for periods
 which typically can be up to one year for some commercial ingredient customers
 and through
specific programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer and some commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the terms of specific
arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to return
products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have generally been insignificant. Provisions for returns are reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon customer specific circumstances. Evaluating these
estimates requires our management&#146;s judgment
 and changes in our assumptions could impact the amount recorded for our sales
 cost of sales and net income. 
Inventories
 which consist
principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market which approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at least
quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts may affect the value of inventory and gross profit and gross profit margin. When expected market sales prices move below costs
 we record adjustments to
write down the carrying values of inventories to the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market which approximates actual cost. No such adjustments have been required in any of the periods presented. The results of our shelling process can also
result in changes to our inventory costs based upon actual versus expected crop yields. We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based upon our
inventory systems and are subject to verification techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen month period
 at which time
revisions to any estimates
 which historically averaged less than 1.0% of inventory purchases
We enter into walnut purchase
agreements with growers typically in our first fiscal quarter
 under which they deliver their walnut crop to us during the fall harvest season (which typically occurs in our first and second fiscal quarters)
 and pursuant to our walnut purchase
agreements
 we determine the final price for this inventory after receipt and typically by the end of our third fiscal quarter. Since the ultimate purchase price to be paid is determined subsequent to receiving the walnut crop
 we typically estimate
the final purchase price for our first and second quarter interim financial statements based on crop size
 quality
 current market prices and other factors. Any such changes in estimates
 which could be significant
 are accounted for in the period
of change by adjusting inventory on hand or cost of goods sold if the inventory has been sold. Changes in estimates may affect the ending inventory balances
 as well as gross profit. There were no significant adjustments recorded in any of the
periods presented. 

 including our rental investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess recoverability
from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to
result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long lived asset or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of future cash flows derived from the most recent business
projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair value. We did not record any impairment of long-lived assets in any of the last three fiscal years. 
 


 

tax consequences of events that have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the
carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be realized. Any investment tax credits are accounted for by using the flow-through method
 whereby the credits are reflected as
reductions of tax expense in the year they are recognized in the financial statements. In estimating future tax consequences
 we consider all expected future events other than changes in tax law or rates. 

 where we evaluate whether an individual
tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated
to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits
ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax positions. Changes in
recognition and measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations and financial position in the period in which such changes occur. As of June&nbsp;30
 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015
 we had liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits
pertaining to uncertain tax positions totaling $62 and $333
 respectively. We do not anticipate that total unrecognized tax benefits will significantly change in the next twelve months. 

We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering our historical taxable income and future taxable income based
upon the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&nbsp;30
 2016
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $171 of net basis differences for which we have provided a valuation allowance. 
In order to measure the annual
expense and calculate the liability associated with our retirement plan
 management must make a variety of estimates including
 but not limited to
 discount rates
 compensation increases and anticipated mortality rates. The estimates used by
management are based on our historical experience as well as current facts and circumstances. We use a third-party specialist to assist management in appropriately measuring the expense associated with this employment-related benefit. Different
We recognize net actuarial gains
or losses in excess of 10% of the plan&#146;s projected benefit obligation into current period expense over the average remaining expected service period of active participants. 

for our plan based upon a hypothetical corporate bond portfolio for which the cash flows match the year-by-year projected benefit cash flows for our pension plan. The hypothetical bond portfolio is comprised of high-quality fixed income debt
securities (usually Moody&#146;s Aa3 or higher) available at the measurement date. Based on this information
 the discount rate selected by us for determination of pension expense was 4.63% for fiscal 2016
 4.37% for fiscal 2015
 and 4.90% for
fiscal 2014. A 25 basis point increase or decrease in our discount rate assumption for fiscal 2016 would have resulted in an immaterial change in our pension expense for fiscal 2016. For our year-end pension obligation determination
 we selected
discount rates of 3.61% and 4.63% for fiscal years 2016 and 2015
The rate of compensation increase is another significant assumption used
in the development of accounting information for pension plans. We determine this assumption based on our long-term plans for compensation increases and current economic conditions. Based on this information
 we selected 4.5% for both fiscal years
2016 and 2015 as the rate of compensation increase for determining our year-end pension obligation. We also used 4.5% for the rate of compensation increase for determination of pension expense for each of fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014. 

Experience Committee was utilized in the preparation of our pension obligation as of June&nbsp;30
 2016. 
 


 

 contained in Part II
 Item&nbsp;8 of this
Form 10-K
 for a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements. 

 and in the Chief Executive Officer&#146;s letter to stockholders accompanying the Annual Report on
Form 10-K delivered to stockholders
 that are not historical (including statements concerning our expectations regarding market risk) are &#147;forward-looking statements.&#148; These forward-looking statements may be followed (and therefore
identified) by a cross reference to Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; or may be otherwise identified by the use of forward-looking words and phrases such as &#147;will&#148;
 &#147;anticipates&#148;
 &#147;intends&#148;
&#147;may&#148;
 &#147;believes&#148;
 &#147;should&#148; and &#147;expects&#148;
 and they are based on our current expectations or beliefs concerning future events and involve risks and uncertainties. We undertake no obligation to update publicly
or otherwise revise any forward-looking statements
 whether as a result of new information
 future events or other factors that affect the subject of these statements
 except where expressly required to do so by law. We caution that such statements
are qualified by important factors
 including the factors described in Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; and other factors
 risks and uncertainties that are beyond our control
 that could cause results to differ materially from
our current expectations and/or those in the forward-looking statements
 as well as the timing and occurrence (or nonoccurrence) of transactions and other factors
 risk
 uncertainties and events which may be subject to circumstances beyond our
control. Consequently
Item&nbsp;7A &#151;
We are exposed to the impact of changes in interest rates
 commodity prices of raw material
purchases and foreign exchange. We have not entered into any arrangements to hedge against changes in market interest rates
 commodity prices or foreign currency fluctuations. 

 because there are no established futures markets for nuts; therefore
 we can only
attempt to pass on the commodity cost increases in the form of price increases to our customers. See Part I
 Item&nbsp;1A &#151; &#147;Risk Factors&#148; for a further discussion of the risks and uncertainties related to commodity prices of raw
Approximately 30% of the dollar value of our total nut purchases for fiscal 2016 were made from foreign
countries
 and while these purchases were payable in U.S. dollars
 the underlying costs may fluctuate with changes in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the currency in the foreign country from where the nuts are purchased
 or to other major
We are exposed to interest rate risk on our Credit Facility
 our only variable rate credit facility; because we have
not entered into any hedging instruments which fix the floating rate or offset an increase in the floating rate. A hypothetical 10% adverse change in weighted-average interest rates would have had less than a $0.1 million impact on our net income
and cash flows from operating activities for fiscal 2016. In addition
 the fixed interest rate on our Mortgage Facility resets in the future. 
 


 


 Inc.: 

 the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income
 stockholders&#146; equity and
cash flows present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. and its subsidiaries at June&nbsp;30
 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for
each of the three years in the period ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion
 the Company maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal
control over financial reporting as of June&nbsp;30
 2016
 based on criteria established in Internal Control &#151; Integrated Framework (2013)&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The
Company&#146;s management is responsible for these financial statements
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in
Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting under Item&nbsp;9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting based on our
integrated audits. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control
over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control
based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

 the Company changed the manner in which it classifies deferred income taxes in 2016. 

reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(i)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (iii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
Chicago
 Illinois 

 2016 
 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015 
(dollars in thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 














June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



































Accounts receivable
 less allowances of $4
290 and $2
966
 respectively














































































PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT:






































































































































Rental investment property
 less accumulated depreciation of $8
847 and $8
055
respectively





















TOTAL PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT























































Intangible assets
 net











































 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015 
(dollars in thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 














June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



































Current maturities of long-term debt
 including related party debt of $407 and $376
respectively











Accounts payable
 including related party payables of $113 and $241
 respectively
























































































Long-term debt
 less current maturities
 including related party debt of $11
133 and $11
540
respectively













































































































Class&nbsp;A Common Stock
 convertible to Common Stock on a per share basis
 cumulative voting
rights of ten votes per share
 $.01 par value; 10
000
000 shares authorized
 2
597
426 shares issued and outstanding









Common Stock
 non-cumulative voting rights of one vote per share
 $.01 par value; 17
000
000
shares authorized
 8
725
715 and 8
663
480 shares issued
 respectively













































Treasury stock
 at cost; 117
900 shares of Common Stock

































































 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2016
&nbsp;June&nbsp;25
 2015 and June&nbsp;26
 2014 
(dollars in thousands
 except share and per share amounts) 


















June&nbsp;30
 2016


June&nbsp;25
 2015


June&nbsp;26
 2014

































































































































Gain on sale of assets held for sale
 net








































































































Interest expense including $1
081
 $1
110 and $1
136 to related parties
 respectively
















Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net






























Total other expense
 net































































































Other comprehensive loss
 net of tax:













Amortization of prior service cost and actuarial gain included in net periodic pension
cost











































Other comprehensive loss
 net of tax




















































































































































233





150





033





















332





248





132

















 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2016
&nbsp;June&nbsp;25
 2015 and June&nbsp;26
 2014 





















































































Balance
 June&nbsp;27
 2013



597









440
















































































































Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense of $355





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $581




























































































































































Balance
 June&nbsp;26
 2014



597









569
















































































































Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense of $373





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $1
224






























































































































































Balance
 June&nbsp;25
 2015



597









663
















































































































Pension liability amortization
 net of income tax expense of $383





































Pension liability adjustment
 net of income tax benefit of $1
358






























































































































































Balance
 June&nbsp;30
 2016



597









725






































































 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 2016
&nbsp;June&nbsp;25
 2015 and June&nbsp;26
 2014 



















June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015


June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


















































Loss (gain) on disposition of properties
 net














































Change in assets and liabilities
 net of business acquired:













Accounts receivable
 net






























































































































Other
 net











































































Purchases of property
 plant and equipment



















































































































































































































































































Cash
 beginning of period





























Cash
 end of period





























































Income taxes paid
 excluding refunds of $168
 $548
 and $292
 respectively
















 


JOHN B. SANFILIPPO&nbsp;&amp; SON
 INC. 


 except per share data) 
Basis
Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of John B.
Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC and Sanfilippo (Shanghai) Trading Co. Ltd. Our fiscal year ends on the last Thursday of June each year
 and typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen
week quarters). However
 the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 consisted of fifty-three weeks with our fourth quarter containing fourteen weeks. The accompanying consolidated financial statements and related footnotes are presented in accordance
We are one of the leading processors and distributors
of peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts

 Orchard Valley Harvest
brand names.
We also market and distribute
 and in most cases manufacture or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower kernels
 dried
fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products under private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through the major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient
users
 contract packaging customers and international customers. 

assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for customer
deductions
 the quantity of bulk inventories
 the evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 the assumptions used in estimating the retirement plan liability and pension expense
 and the realizability of deferred tax assets. Actual results
could differ from those estimates. 

 less allowances for doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated cash discounts and
customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful accounts is calculated by specifically identifying customers that are credit risks and estimating the extent that other non-specifically identified customers will become credit risks. Account balances
are charged off against the allowance when we conclude that it is probable the receivable will not be recovered. The reserve for estimated cash discounts is based on historical experience. The reserve for customer deductions represents known
customer short payments and an estimate of future credit memos that will be issued to customers related to rebates and allowances for marketing and promotions based on agreed upon programs and historical experience. 
Inventories
 which consist principally of
inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market which approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at least quarterly.
Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may affect the value of inventory
 gross profit and gross profit margin. When expected market sales prices move below costs
 we record adjustments to write
down the carrying values of inventories to the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market. The results of our shelling process can also result in changes to inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus expected crop yields.
We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts are determined based on our inventory systems and are subject to quarterly physical verification techniques including
observation
 weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop year bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to fifteen month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates are also recorded. 
Property
Property
 plant and
equipment are stated at cost. Major improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity or add functionality are capitalized and charged to expense through depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense as incurred. The cost
and accumulated depreciation of assets sold or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain or loss is recognized currently in operating income. 
 


 



















June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015


June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014












































































No interest costs were capitalized for the last three fiscal years due to the lack of any significant project requiring such
We
review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset or asset group to the carrying
amount of the long lived asset or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of future cash flows derived from the most recent business projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset
is reduced to its estimated fair value. 


 we acquired property to be used for the Elgin Site. Two buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an office building.
Approximately 75% of the office building has been built-out and 69% is currently vacant. The other building
 a warehouse
 was expanded and modified for use as our principal processing facility and headquarters. The allocation of the purchase price
to the two buildings was determined through a third party appraisal. The value assigned to the office building is included in rental investment property on the balance sheet. The value assigned to the warehouse building is included in
&#147;Property
The net rental expense from the office building is included in the caption &#147;Rental and miscellaneous
expense
 net&#148;. Gross rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal years are as follows: 


















June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015


June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014



















Rental (expense)
 net
















 



fiscal years ending: 








June&nbsp;29
 2017






June 28
 2018






June 27
 2019






June 25
 2020






June 24
 2021































On December&nbsp;26
 2013 (the second quarter of fiscal 2014)
 we completed the sale of the land and building in Elgin
Illinois originally purchased for our facility consolidation project. The sales price was $8
000 and resulted in a pre-tax gain of $1
Fair Value
Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#147;FASB&#148;) defines fair value as the price
that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs
used to measure fair value into three broad levels: 
















 quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in inactive markets.







The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts payable approximate their fair values at June&nbsp;30
2016 and June&nbsp;25
The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in
Note 4 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &#147;Revolving Credit Facility&#148; below) borrowings approximates fair value at June&nbsp;30
 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015 because interest rates on this instrument approximate current
market rates (Level 2 criteria)
 the short term maturity and nature of this balance. In addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent credit risk. 

 including current maturities: 















June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015

























The estimated fair value of long-term debt was determined using a market approach based upon Level 2 observable inputs
 which
estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes in the underlying assets securing our long-term
debt
 other than the sale of the Old Elgin Site discussed above. 

 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price is fixed
 delivery occurs
and collection is reasonably assured. We sell our products under some arrangements which include customer contracts which fix the sales price for periods
 typically of up to one year
 for some industrial customers and through specific programs
consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer customers and commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these programs are established based upon the terms of specific arrangements.
Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion and marketing allowances. Revenues are also recorded net of expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past experiences. While customers do have the right to return products
past experience has demonstrated that product returns have been insignificant. Provisions for returns are reflected as a reduction in net sales and are estimated based upon customer specific circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling costs
are included in revenues. 
 


 



concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts receivable
 and we attempt to mitigate this risk through our credit evaluation process
 collection terms and through geographical dispersion of sales. Sales to three customers each exceeded
10% of net sales during fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2015 two customers each exceeded 10% of net sales. Sales to these customers represented approximately 50%
 39% and 46% of our net sales in fiscal 2016
 fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014
respectively. Net accounts receivable from these customers were 51% and 33% of net accounts receivable at June&nbsp;30
 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015
 respectively. 
Promotion
Promotions
allowances and customer rebates are recorded at the time revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in sales. Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon projected volumes for the year
 while promotions and allowances are recorded
Marketing and advertising
costs are incurred to promote and support branded products in the consumer distribution channel. These costs are generally expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal years: 



















June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015


June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


































 which include freight and other expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in selling expenses. Shipping and
handling costs for the last three fiscal years were as follows: 


















June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015


June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014


































as incurred. Research and development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as follows: 


















June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015


June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014































grant date fair value. We then amortize compensation expense over the vesting period. We estimate the fair value of each stock option on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model (using the risk-free interest rate
 expected
term
 expected volatility
 and dividend yield variables) discounted by an estimated forfeiture rate. The grant date fair value of restricted stock units (&#147;RSUs&#148;) is generally determined based on the market price of our Common Stock on the
date of grant. 

tax consequences of events that have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded to reduce the
carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be realized. Any investment tax credits are accounted for by using the flow-through method
 whereby the credits are reflected as
reductions of tax expense in the year they are recognized in the financial statements. In estimating future tax consequences
 we consider all expected future events other than changes in tax law or rates. 

 where we evaluate whether an individual
tax position has a likelihood of greater than 50% of being sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently estimated
to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits
ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax positions. Changes in
We
recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax expense caption in the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income. 

tax liabilities. As of June&nbsp;30
 2016
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $171 of net basis differences for which we have provided a valuation allowance. 
 


 

period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue Common Stock were exercised or converted into Common Stock or resulted in the issuance of Common Stock. 




















June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015


June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014






233





150





033




















































332





248





132
















The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock options excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per
share: 


















June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015


June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014






























We
account for comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic 220
. This topic establishes standards for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its components in a full set of general-purpose financial
statements. The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires all non-owner changes in
stockholders&#146; equity be presented in either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two separate but consecutive statements. This guidance also requires presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on the
face of the statement where net income is presented or in the notes and information about significant amounts required under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be
reclassified in their entirety to net income
 we provide a cross-reference to other disclosures that offer additional details about those amounts. 
 


 

 ASU
No.&nbsp;2015-17 requires that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as non-current in a classified statement of financial position. ASU No.&nbsp;2015-17 is effective for public business entities for annual periods
 including interim
periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016. Early application is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. The amendments in this update may be applied either prospectively to all
deferred tax assets and liabilities
In the second quarter of fiscal 2016 the Company elected to early adopt
this new accounting principle on a prospective basis. Approximately $4
264 of net current deferred tax assets were reclassified to non-current assets on the balance sheet. Adoption of this amendment did not have an effect on the Company&#146;s
results of operations
In May 2014

Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&#148;
 
 and added ASC Subtopic 340-40
. The guidance in this
update supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in ASC Topic 605
 
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the industry topics of the codification. Under the new guidance
 an entity should recognize revenue
to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&nbsp;2015-14

 Deferral of the Effective Date&#148;
 this new revenue recognition guidance will be effective for the Company beginning
in fiscal year 2019
In March 2016

Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)&#148;

Obligations and Licensing&#148;.
. The amendments in these three ASUs
The new revenue
recognition guidance can be adopted either retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented
 or retrospectively with a cumulative-effect adjustment recognized as of the date of adoption. The Company is currently assessing the adoption method
In
February 2016
 The primary goal of this update is to require the lessee to recognize all lease commitments
 both operating and finance
 by initially recording a lease asset
and liability on the balance sheet at the lease commencement date. Additionally
 enhanced qualitative and quantitative disclosures will be required. ASU No.&nbsp;2016-02 is effective for public business entities for annual periods
 including interim
periods within those annual periods
 beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2018. This new guidance will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2020. This guidance must be adopted using a modified retrospective approach and early adoption
is permitted. The Company is currently assessing the impact of this new guidance on its financial position
In
March 2016
This ASU is part of the FASB&#146;s simplification initiative. The areas for simplification in this update involve several aspects of
the accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including the income tax consequences
 classification of awards as either equity or liabilities
 and classification on the statement of cash flows. There are also different adoption methods
required including prospective
 modified retrospective and retrospective. This ASU will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2018. The Company plans to early adopt this new guidance in the first quarter of fiscal 2017. Most of the
simplification initiatives will have an immaterial impact on the Company&#146;s financial position
 results of operations and disclosures. However
 upon adoption
 the Company expects increased volatility in income tax expense
 mainly in the second
quarter of each fiscal year
In
April 2015
. Existing GAAP does
not include explicit guidance about a customer&#146;s accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement which has resulted in some diversity in practice. This update provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement
includes a software license or service contract. This update will be effective for annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2015. This update will be effective for the Company beginning
in fiscal year 2017 and will be adopted in the first quarter of the fiscal year. The Company does not anticipate it will have a material impact to its consolidated financial statements. 
 




Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs&#148;.
liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this update. This new guidance does not address presentation or subsequent measurement of debt issue
costs related to line of credit arrangements. In August 2015

Line-of-Credit Arrangements 
line-of-credit arrangement
ASU 2015-03 is effective for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2015
 and
interim periods within those fiscal years. This update will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not anticipate this update will have a material impact to its consolidated balance
In February 2015
.
This update focuses on a reporting company&#146;s consolidation evaluation to determine whether it should consolidate certain legal entities. This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2015. This update will be
effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2017 and will be adopted in the first quarter of the fiscal year. The Company does not anticipate it will have any impact to its consolidated financial statements. 
Inventories consist of the
following: 














June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015









































































June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015
















































Total intangible assets
 gross
























































































































Customer relationships and the non-compete agreement relate wholly to the Orchard Valley Harvest (&#147;OVH&#148;) acquisition
 brand name
 which
we acquired in a 1995 acquisition. The 

 which is classified in administrative expense in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015


June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014

































 



 2017 is $1
369. As of the end of fiscal
2017
 all intangible assets will be fully amortized. 

 2008
 we entered into a Credit Agreement with a bank group (the &#147;Bank Lenders&#148;) providing a $117
500 revolving loan commitment
and letter of credit subfacility (the &#147;Credit Facility&#148;). The Credit Facility is secured by substantially all our assets other than real property and fixtures. 

 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015
 the weighted average interest rate for the Credit Facility was 3.75% and 2.00%
 respectively. The terms of the
Credit Facility contain covenants that require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 acquisitions and certain sales of assets
 cash dividends
 redemptions of capital stock and prepayment of indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among other things
is of a subordinate debt). If loan availability under the Borrowing Base Calculation falls below $25
000
 we will be required to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly basis. All cash received from customers is
required to be applied against the Credit Facility. The Bank Lenders are entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Credit Facility in the event of default on the payments required under the Credit Facility
 a change in
control in the ownership of the Company
 non-compliance with the financial covenant or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Credit Facility (including a default under the Mortgage Facility). As of June&nbsp;30
 2016
 we were
in compliance with all covenants under the Credit Facility and we currently expect to be in compliance with the financial covenant in the Credit Facility for the foreseeable future. As of June&nbsp;30
 2016
 we had $101
741 of available credit under
the Credit Facility which reflects borrowings of $12
084 and reduced availability as a result of $3
675 in outstanding letters of credit. We would still be in compliance with all restrictive covenants under the Credit Facility if this entire amount
On July&nbsp;7
 2016
 we entered into the Seventh Amendment to Credit Facility (the &#147;Seventh Amendment&#148;). See &#147;Note 18
&#150; Subsequent Events&#148;. 















June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



Mortgage Facility (&#147;Tranche A&#148;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in monthly
principal installments of $200 plus interest at 7.63%&nbsp;per annum through February 2023 with a final principal payment of $600 on March&nbsp;1
 2023











Mortgage Facility (&#147;Tranche B&#148;)
 collateralized by real property
 due in monthly
principal installments of $50 plus interest at the greater of one month LIBOR plus 3.50%&nbsp;per annum or 4.25% through February 2023 with a final principal payment of $150 on March&nbsp;1
 2023











Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
 due in monthly installments of $121
through September 2016 and $103 through September&nbsp;1
 2031












































































On February&nbsp;7
 2008
 we entered into a Loan Agreement with an insurance company (the &#147;Mortgage Lender&#148;)
providing us with two term loans
 one in the amount of $36
000 (&#147;Tranche A&#148;) and the other in the amount of $9
000 (&#147;Tranche B&#148;)
 for an aggregate amount of $45
000 (the &#147;Mortgage Facility&#148;). The Mortgage Facility is
secured by mortgages on essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina (the &#147;Encumbered Properties&#148;). 
 



 payable
monthly. As mentioned above
 such interest rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on the Tranche A Reset Date. Tranche B under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest
 as reset on March&nbsp;1
 2016
 at a floating rate of the greater of
(i)&nbsp;one month LIBOR plus 3.50%&nbsp;per annum or (ii)&nbsp;4.25%
 payable monthly (the &#147;Floating Rate&#148;). The margin on such floating rate may be reset by the Mortgage Lender on each Tranche B Reset Date; provided
 however
 that the
Mortgage Lender may also change the underlying index on each Tranche B Reset Date occurring on or after March&nbsp;1
 2018. We do not currently anticipate that any change in the floating rate or the underlying index will have a material adverse
effect upon our business
The terms of the Mortgage Facility contain covenants that require us to maintain
a specified net worth of $110
000 and maintain the Encumbered Properties. The Mortgage Lender is entitled to require immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage Facility in the event we default in the payments required under the
Mortgage Facility
 non-compliance with the covenants or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of June&nbsp;30
 2016
 we were in compliance with all covenants under the Mortgage Facility. The carrying
amount of assets pledged as collateral for the Mortgage Facility was approximately $76
299 at June&nbsp;30
In September 2006
 we sold our Selma
Texas properties to two related party partnerships for $14
300 and are leasing them back. The selling price was determined by an independent appraiser to be the fair market value which also approximated our carrying value. The lease for the Selma
Texas properties has a ten-year term at a fair market value rent with three five-year renewal options. Also
 we have an option to purchase the properties from the partnerships after five years at 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of the then fair
market value
 but not to be less than the $14
300 purchase price. The financing obligation is being accounted for similar to the accounting for a capital lease
 whereby the purchase price was recorded as a debt obligation
 as the provisions of the
arrangement are not eligible for sale-leaseback accounting. The balance of the debt obligation outstanding at June&nbsp;30
 2016 was $11
In
September 2015
 we signed a lease renewal which exercised two five-year renewal options and extended the term of our Selma lease to September&nbsp;18
 2026 (unless we purchase it before such date). Beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2017
 the
base monthly lease amount decreases to $103. 









June&nbsp;29
 2017






June 28
 2018






June 27
 2019






June 25
 2020






June 24
 2021

































 and is as follows for the last three fiscal years:
























June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



June&nbsp;26






































































































































































































The reconciliations of income taxes at the statutory federal income tax rate to income tax expense reported in the
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the last three fiscal years are as follows: 
 




















June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



June&nbsp;26

















State income taxes
 net of federal benefit




























































































































During fiscal 2014 we divested our investment in an unconsolidated variable interest entity and cancelled a secured promissory
note due from this entity. The tax benefit of these losses was $640 and the reduction in valuation allowance reduced the fiscal 2014 effective tax rate. 

the tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future years. Since the adoption of ASU 2015-17 described in &#147;Note 1 &#151; Significant Accounting Policies&#148;
 all deferred tax assets and liabilities
are classified as non-current on the balance sheet for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016. Prior periods were not retrospectively adjusted. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the following: 















June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25












































































































































































































































































































In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management considers whether it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income of the character necessary during the periods in which those temporary
differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and carryforward periods)
 projected future taxable income
 and tax-planning strategies in making
this assessment. During fiscal 2016 the net change in the total valuation allowance was a $4 decrease and in fiscal 2015 there was no change to the total valuation allowance. If or when recognized
 the tax benefits relating to any reversal of the
valuation allowance will be recognized as a reduction of income tax expense. 
 



 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015
 unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest
and penalties were $62 and $333. Accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions are not material for any periods presented. Interest and penalties were not material for any period presented. The total gross amounts of unrecognized
tax benefits were $24 and $248 at June&nbsp;30
 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015
A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross
unrecognized tax benefits is as follows: 


















June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



June&nbsp;26
































































































































Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the annual effective tax rate on income from continuing
operations
 are as follows: 


















June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



June&nbsp;26
















During fiscal 2016
 we reversed $292 of unrecognized tax benefits due to statute expiration and effective settlement. We do
There were certain changes in state tax laws
during the period the impact of which was insignificant. We file income tax returns with federal and state tax authorities within the United States of America. Our federal and Illinois tax returns are open for audit for fiscal 2015. Our California
NOTE
7 &#151; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

follows for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015


June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014
































Aggregate non-cancelable lease commitments under these operating leases with initial or remaining terms greater than one year
are as follows: 














June 29
 2017






June 28
 2018





June 27
 2019





June 25
 2020





June 24
 2021





























We are
currently a party to various legal proceedings in the ordinary course of business. While management presently believes that the ultimate outcomes of these proceedings
 individually and in the aggregate
 will not materially affect our financial
position
 results of operations or cash flows
 legal proceedings are subject to inherent uncertainties
 and unfavorable outcomes could occur. Unfavorable outcomes could include substantial money damages in excess of any appropriate accruals which
management has established. Were such unfavorable final outcomes to occur
 there exists the possibility of a material adverse effect on our financial position
 results of operations and cash flows. 
 


 

 $.01 par value (the &#147;Class A Stock&#148;)
 has cumulative voting rights with respect to the election of those directors
which the holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock are entitled to elect
 and 10 votes per share on all other matters on which holders of our Class&nbsp;A Stock and Common Stock are entitled to vote
 with the exception of election of the directors for which
the holders of Common Stock are eligible to elect. In addition
 each share of Class&nbsp;A Stock is convertible at the option of the holder at any time into one share of Common Stock and automatically converts into one share of Common Stock upon any
sale or transfer other than to related individuals. Each share of our Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &#147;Common Stock&#148;) has noncumulative voting rights of one vote per share. The Class&nbsp;A Stock and the Common Stock are entitled to
share equally
 on a share-for-share basis
 in any cash dividends declared by the Board of Directors
 and the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to elect 25%
 rounded up to the nearest whole number
 of the members comprising the Board of
Directors. 

 2014
 our stockholders approved a new equity incentive plan (the &#147;2014 Omnibus Plan&#148;) under
which awards of options and other stock-based awards may be made to employees
 officers or non-employee directors of our Company. A total of 1
000
000 shares of Common Stock are authorized for grants of awards thereunder
 which may be in the form of
options
 restricted stock
 RSUs
 stock appreciation rights (&#147;SARs&#148;)
 performance shares
 performance units
 Common Stock or dividends and dividend equivalents. As of June&nbsp;30
 2016
 there were 865
053 shares of Common Stock that
remained authorized for future grants of awards
 subject to the limitations set below. Under the terms of the Omnibus Plan
 the total number of shares of Common Stock with respect to which options or SARs may be granted in any calendar year to any
participant may not exceed 500
000 shares (this limit applies separately with respect to each type of award). Additionally
 under the terms of the Omnibus Plan
 for awards of restricted stock
 RSUs
 performance shares or other stock-based awards
that are intended to qualify as performance-based compensation: (i)&nbsp;the total number of shares of Common Stock that may be granted in any calendar year to any participant may not exceed 250
000 shares (this limit applies separately to each type
of award) and (ii)&nbsp;the maximum amount that may be paid to any participant for awards that are payable in cash or property other than Common Stock in any calendar year is $5
000. Except as set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan
 RSUs have vesting
periods of three years for awards to employees and one year for awards to non-employee members of the Board of Directors. Recipients of RSUs have the option to defer receipt of vested shares until a specified later date
 typically soon after
separation from the Company. The exercise price of stock options is determined as set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
 and has to be at least the fair market value of the Common Stock on the
date of grant. Except as set forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan
 stock options expire upon termination of employment or directorship
 as applicable. Stock options granted under the 2014 Omnibus Plan are exercisable 25% annually commencing on the first
anniversary date of grant and became fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten years after the date on which they were granted. We issue new shares of Common Stock upon exercise of
The 2014 Omnibus Plan replaced a stock option plan approved at our annual meeting of stockholders on October&nbsp;30
 2008
(the&nbsp;&#147;2008 Equity Incentive Plan&#148;) pursuant to which awards of options and stock-based awards could be made to members of the Board of Directors
 employees and other individuals providing services to the Company. A total of 1
000
000
shares of Common Stock were authorized for grants of awards under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 which could be in the form of options
 restricted stock
 RSUs
 SARs
 Common Stock or dividends and dividend equivalents. A maximum of 500
000 of the
1
000
000 shares of Common Stock authorized under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan could be used for grants of Common Stock
 restricted stock and RSUs. Additionally
 awards of options or SARs were limited to 100
000 shares annually to any single
individual
 and awards of Common Stock
 restricted stock or RSUs were limited to 50
000 shares annually to any single individual. All RSUs granted under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan had vesting periods of three years for awards to employees and
one year for awards to non-employee members of the Board of Directors. Recipients of RSUs had the option to defer receipt of vested shares until a specified later date
 typically soon after separation from the Company. The exercise price of stock
options was determined as set forth in the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan by the Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors
 and had to be at least the fair market value of the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as set forth in the 2008
Equity Incentive Plan
 options expired upon termination of employment or directorship
 as applicable. The options granted under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan were exercisable 25% annually commencing on the first anniversary date of grant and became
fully exercisable on the fourth anniversary date of grant. Options generally will expire no later than ten years after the date on which they were granted. We issue new shares of Common Stock upon exercise of stock options. 

 there were no options granted in fiscal 2016
 fiscal
2015 or fiscal 2014. 
 



 2016: 



































Outstanding at June&nbsp;25
 2015



























































































Outstanding at June&nbsp;30
 2016




































Exercisable at June&nbsp;30
 2016



































The following table summarizes the total intrinsic value of all options exercised and the total cash received from the
exercise of options for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015


June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014





























There was an immaterial change in non-vested stock options during fiscal 2016.&nbsp;Exercise prices for options outstanding as
of June&nbsp;30
RSUs granted to employees and non-employee directors generally vest over a three-year and one-year
period
 respectively. The fair value of RSUs is generally determined based on the market price of our Common Stock on the date of grant. The fair value of RSUs granted for the years ended June&nbsp;30
 2016
&nbsp;June&nbsp;25
 2015 and June&nbsp;26
2014 was $3
212
 $2
835 and $1
740
The following is a summary of restricted stock unit activity for the year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016:





















Outstanding at June 25
&nbsp;2015





















































Outstanding at June 30
&nbsp;2016



















At June&nbsp;30
 2016 there were 58
561 RSUs outstanding that were vested but deferred. At June&nbsp;25
 2015 there were
51
439 RSUs outstanding that were vested but deferred. The non-vested RSUs at June&nbsp;30
 2016 will vest over a weighted-average period of 1.1 years. The fair value of RSUs that vested for the years ended June&nbsp;30
 2016
&nbsp;June&nbsp;25
2015 and June&nbsp;26
 2014 was $928
 $615 and $1
009
 respectively. 
 



total income tax benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years: 


















June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



June&nbsp;26

































At June&nbsp;30
 2016
 there was $2
777 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation
NOTE 10
On October&nbsp;27
 2015 our Board of Directors
 after considering the financial position of our Company and other
matters
 declared a special cash dividend of $2.00 per share on all issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Common Stock of the Company (the &#147;2015 Special Dividend&#148;). The 2015 Special Dividend was paid on
December&nbsp;11
 2015 to stockholders of record at the close of business on December&nbsp;2
 2015. The total amount of cash paid to stockholders under the Special Dividend was $22
486. 

 2014 our Board of Directors
 after considering the financial position of our Company and other factors
 declared a special cash dividend
of $1.50 per share on all issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Common Stock of the Company (the &#147;2014 Special Dividend&#148;). The 2014 Special Dividend of $16
759 was paid on December&nbsp;12
 2014
 to stockholders of
record at the close of business on December&nbsp;3
On July&nbsp;7
 2016
 our Board of Directors declared a special cash dividend of $2.50 per
share on all issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Common Stock of the Company. Refer to &#147;Note 18 &#151; Subsequent Events&#148; below. 
We maintain a
contributory plan established pursuant to the provisions of section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan provides retirement benefits for all nonunion employees meeting minimum age and service requirements. We currently match 100% of the
first three percent contributed by each employee and 50% of the next two percent contributed
 up to certain maximums specified in the plan. Our expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last three fiscal years: 



















June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



June&nbsp;26



















During the first quarter of fiscal 2009
 we recorded a long-term liability of $868 for the withdrawal from the multiemployer
plan (&#147;Route pension&#148;) for the step-van drivers that were employed for our store-door delivery system that was discontinued during fiscal 2008. Pursuant to terms of settlement with a labor union
 we are making monthly payments of $8
(including interest) through April 2022. 















June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25












Virtually all of our salaried employees participate in our Sanfilippo Value Added Plan (as amended
 the &#147;SVA Plan&#148;)
which is a cash incentive plan (an economic value added-based program) administered by our Compensation Committee. We accrue expense related to the SVA Plan in the annual period that the economic performance underlying such performance occurs. This
method of expense recognition properly matches the expense associated with improved economic performance with the period the improved performance occurs on a systematic and rational basis. 
 


 

 non-qualified benefit plan that will provide eligible participants with monthly
benefits upon retirement
 disability or death
 subject to certain conditions. Benefits paid to retirees are based on age at retirement
 years of credited service
 and average compensation. We use our fiscal year-end as the measurement date for the
obligation calculation. Accounting guidance in ASC Topic 715
 requires the recognition of the funded status of the SERP on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Actuarial gains or losses
 prior service costs
or credits and transition obligations that have not yet been recognized are recorded as a component of &#147;Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss&#148; (&#147;AOCL&#148;). 
















June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25


































































































The accumulated benefit obligation
 which represents benefits earned up to the measurement date
 was $18
247 and $14
177 at
June&nbsp;30
 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015
Components of the actuarial loss portion of the change in projected benefit obligation are
presented below for the fiscal years ended: 


















June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



June&nbsp;26



























































































































































June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



June&nbsp;26







































































































Significant assumptions related to our SERP include the discount rate used to calculate the actuarial present value of benefit
obligations to be paid in the future
 the average rate of compensation expense increase by SERP participants
 and anticipated mortality rates. The RP-2014 white collar fully generational mortality table with mortality improvement scale MP-2015 was
utilized in the preparation of our pension obligation as of June&nbsp;30
 2016. 
 














June&nbsp;30


June&nbsp;25
















base


base















June&nbsp;30


June&nbsp;25


June&nbsp;26




























base


base


base

The assumed discount rate is based
 in part
 upon a discount rate modeling process that considers both high quality long-term
indices and the duration of the SERP plan relative to the durations implicit in the broader indices. The discount rate is utilized principally in calculating the actuarial present value of our obligation and periodic expense pursuant to the SERP. To
the extent the discount rate increases or decreases
 our SERP obligation is decreased or increased
The following table presents the
benefits expected to be paid in the next ten fiscal years: 

















































At both June&nbsp;30
 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015 the current portion of the SERP liability is $653
 and recorded in Accrued
The following table presents the components of AOCL that have not yet been recognized in
net pension expense: 














June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015





































































We expect to recognize $957 of the prior service cost and $365 of net loss into net periodic pension expense during the fiscal
year ending June&nbsp;29
 2017. 
 


 

to our defined benefit pension plan. 














June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25









































































































The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive
loss for the years ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 and June&nbsp;25
 2015 were as follows: 


















June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25









































































































Amortization of defined pension items
 net of tax































In
addition to the related party transactions described in Note 5
 we also purchase materials from a company that is effectively owned by three members of our Board of Directors
 two of whom are also executive officers
 and individuals directly related
to them. Purchases from this related party aggregated to the following for the years ending: 


















June&nbsp;30
&nbsp;2016


June&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2015


June&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2014










































June&nbsp;30
 2016





June&nbsp;25
 2015





 


 

 rather than net sales
 because
certain adjustments
 such as promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product types
 for the fiscal year ended: 


















June&nbsp;30



June&nbsp;25



June&nbsp;26


















































































































































































June&nbsp;30
 2016

























































































































































June&nbsp;25
 2015

























































































































































June&nbsp;26
 2014

























































































































































 


 

estimates and caution is required in drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated results. 


































Year Ended June&nbsp;30
 2016:

































































































































































































Year Ended June&nbsp;25
 2015:


































































































































































NOTE 18 &#151;
On July&nbsp;7
 2016
 we entered into the Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement (the &#147;Seventh Amendment&#148;) which extended
the maturity date of the Credit Agreement from July&nbsp;15
 2019 to July&nbsp;7
 2021
 and reduced by twenty-five basis points the interest rates charged for loan advances and letter of credit borrowings. The unused line fee was reduced to
0.25%&nbsp;per annum. The aggregate revolving loan commitment remained unchanged. In addition
 the Seventh Amendment allows the Company to
 without obtaining Bank Lender consent
 (i)&nbsp;make up to one cash dividend or distribution on our stock per
quarter
 or (ii)&nbsp;purchase
 acquire
 redeem or retire stock in any fiscal quarter
 in any case
 in an amount not to exceed $60
000 in the aggregate per fiscal year
 as long as no default or event of default exists and the excess availability
under the Credit Agreement remains over $30
000 immediately before and after giving effect to any such dividend
 distribution
 purchase or redemption. The Seventh Amendment also permits an additional 5% of outstanding accounts receivable from a
major customer to be included as eligible in the borrowing base calculation and reduced the amount available for letter of credit usage to $10
On
July&nbsp;7
 2016
 our Board of Directors
 after considering the financial position of our Company and other factors
 declared a special cash dividend of $2.50 per share on all issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&nbsp;A Common
Stock of the Company (the &#147;2016 Special Dividend&#148;). The 2016 Special Dividend of approximately $28
150 was paid on August&nbsp;4
 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of business on July&nbsp;21
 2016. 

 we were notified by a significant customer in the commercial ingredients sales channel of its intent to move some or all of its almond butter
requirements to a vertically integrated almond butter supplier during our second quarter of fiscal 2017. Almond butter sales to this customer in fiscal 2016 were approximately $90 million while the gross profit margin on this business was
substantially lower than our total gross profit margin for fiscal 2016. 
 


Item&nbsp;9 &#151; Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
Item&nbsp;9A &#151; Controls and Procedures
Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer (&#147;CEO&#148;) and Chief Financial Officer (&#147;CFO&#148;)
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures
 as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act
 as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based on this evaluation
 our CEO and CFO concluded that
 as of
June&nbsp;30
 2016
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and reported to our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 


 as such term is defined in Exchange Act
Rule&nbsp;13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Under the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June&nbsp;30
2016
 (2013)&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation
 our management has concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of June&nbsp;30
The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of June&nbsp;30
 2016
has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
 as stated in their report contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 


 2016 that have materially
affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
Limitations on the Effectiveness of
Our management
 including our CEO and CFO
 does not expect that the Disclosure Controls and Procedures or our Internal Control over
Financial Reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
 assurance that the control&#146;s objectives will be met. Further
 the design of a
control must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints
 and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all internal controls
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute
assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
 within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty
 and that breakdowns can occur because of
simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons
 by collusion of two or more people
 or by management override of the controls. The design of any control is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events
 and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time
 controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or
deterioration in the degree of compliance with associated policies or procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control
 misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 
On August&nbsp;24
2016
 we entered into a Retirement Agreement and General Release (the &#147;Retirement Agreement&#148;) with Walter &#147;Bobby&#148; Tankersley
 our Senior Vice President
 Procurement and Commodity Risk Management. Under the terms of the Retirement
Agreement
 Mr.&nbsp;Tankersley will retire from the Company effective August&nbsp;25
 2016. In exchange for being bound by customary release
 non-solicit
 non-disparagement and confidentiality provisions
 Mr.&nbsp;Tankersley will receive a cash
payment of $120
000
 payable in September 2016. A copy of the Retirement Agreement is attached to this Annual Report on 10-K as Exhibit 10.19 and incorporated by reference herein. 

Item&nbsp;10 &#151; Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

&#148; &#147;Nominees for Election by The Holders of Class&nbsp;A Stock&#148;
&#147;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#148; and &#147;Corporate Governance &#151; Board Meetings and Committees &#151; Audit Committee&#148; and &#147;Corporate Governance &#151; Independence of the Audit Committee&#148; of
our Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting and filed pursuant to Regulation 14A are incorporated herein by reference. Other certain information relating to the directors and executive officers of the Company is included immediately before Part
We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to the principal executive
 financial and accounting officers (&#147;Code of Ethics&#148;)
and a separate Code of Conduct applicable to all employees and directors generally (&#147;Code of Conduct&#148;). The Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct are available on our website at 
The Sections
entitled &#147;Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers&#148;
 &#147;Compensation Discussion and Analysis&#148;
 &#147;Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation&#148; and &#147;Compensation Committee Report&#148; of our
Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting are incorporated herein by reference. 
 


Item&nbsp;12 &#151; Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder
The Section entitled &#147;Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management&#148; of our Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual
Meeting is incorporated herein by reference. Other certain information relating to the directors and executive officers of the Company is included immediately before Part II of this Report. 
Item&nbsp;13 &#151; Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence 

our Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting are incorporated herein by reference. Other certain information relating to the directors and executive officers of the Company is included immediately before Part II of this Report. 


PART IV
Item&nbsp;15 &#151; Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules 
The
following financial statements are included in Part II
Report of Independent
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Year Ended June&nbsp;30
 2016
the Year Ended June&nbsp;25
 2015 and the Year Ended June&nbsp;26
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June&nbsp;30
2016 and June&nbsp;25
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#146; Equity for the Year Ended June&nbsp;30
 2016
the Year Ended June&nbsp;25
 2015 and the Year Ended June&nbsp;26
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the
Year Ended June&nbsp;30
 2016
 the Year Ended June&nbsp;25
 2015 and the Year Ended June&nbsp;26
Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements 

The exhibits
required by Item&nbsp;601 of Regulation S-K and filed herewith are listed in the Exhibit Index which follows the signature page and immediately precedes the exhibits filed. 
See Item&nbsp;15(a)(3)
above. 

 


 

 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 















 INC.






























Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the Registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

























 2016









 Group President



 2016








Senior Vice President
 Finance and Corporate Controller



 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016





/s/ Jasper B. Sanfilippo
 Jr.

 Jr.




 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016

 


 
























 2005










 2015










 1998










 2000










 2005








 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number Two among Michael J. Valentine
 as trustee of the Valentine Life Insurance Trust
 Mathias Valentine
 Mary Valentine and the Company
dated December&nbsp;31



 2003








 dated February&nbsp;12
 2004
 to Amended and Restated John B. Sanfilippo &amp; Son
 Inc. Split-Dollar Insurance Agreement Number Two among Michael J. Valentine
 as trustee of the Valentine Life Insurance Trust
 Mathias
Valentine
 Mary Valentine and the Company
 dated December&nbsp;31



 2004










 2007











 2012










 2009










 2010










 2009










 2014 (File No. 333-199637)




















 2014










 2014










 2014










 2015
 

























 2015










 2015








 effective August 25











 dated August 20



 2015








 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 by and among the Company
 the financial institutions named therein as lenders
 Wells Fargo Foothill
 LLC (&#147;WFF&#148;)
 as the arranger and administrative agent for the
lenders
 and Wachovia Capital Finance Corporation (Central)



 2008








 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008
 by the Company in favor of WFF



 2008








 dated as of February&nbsp;7
 2008



 2008








 dated as of March&nbsp;8
 2010
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent and Burdale Financial Limited



 2010








 dated as of July&nbsp;15
 2011
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA for itself
and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA



 2011








 dated as of October&nbsp;31
 2011
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA
 for itself
and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA



 2011








 dated as of January&nbsp;22
 2013
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
ACA
 for itself and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA



 2013








 dated as of December&nbsp;16
 2013
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
ACA
 for itself and as agent/nominee for Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 FLCA



 2013
 























 dated as of September&nbsp;30
 2014
 by and among the Company
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia Farm Credit
 ACA
 as
lender.


 2014








 dated as of July&nbsp;7
 2016
 by and among John B. Sanfilippo &amp; Son
 Inc.
 Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)
 as a lender and the administrative agent
 and Southwest Georgia
Farm Credit
 ACA



 2016








 dated as of September 30
 2014
 by the Company in favor of Wells Fargo Capital Finance
 LLC (f/k/a WFF)



 2014











 2015


















































 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002











 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002








































































 













 

 Inc. 2014 Omnibus Incentive Plan 

. Subject to adjustment as set forth in Section&nbsp;4.4 and as may be adjusted from time to time by resolution
Annual Award
(a) the maximum aggregate number of Shares for which Options or SARs may be granted to any Participant in any calendar
year shall be 500
000 Shares (for avoidance of the doubt
(b) the maximum aggregate
number of Shares that may be paid to any Participant in any calendar year under an Award of Restricted Stock
 Restricted Stock Units
 Performance Shares or Other Stock-Based Awards
 in each case that are Performance-Based Compensation
 shall be
250
000 Shares determined as of the date of payout (for avoidance of the doubt
 this limit applies separately to each type of award); and 

 Cash-Based
Awards or any other Award that is payable in cash
 in each case that are Performance-Based Compensation
 shall be $5
000
000 determined as of the date of payout. 



 or require a Participant to remit to the Company
the minimum statutory amount or such greater amount as may be permitted under applicable accounting standards or applicable law
 to satisfy applicable federal
 state and local tax withholding requirements
 domestic or foreign
 with respect to any
(b) Share Withholding. With respect to withholding required upon the exercise of Options
or SARS
 upon the lapse of restrictions on Restricted Stock
 upon the settlement of Restricted Stock Units
 or upon the achievement of performance goals related to Performance Shares
 or any other taxable event arising as a result of an Award
&#148;)
 a Participant may elect
 subject to the approval of the Committee
 to satisfy the withholding requirement
 in whole or in part
 by having the Company withhold from the
Share Payment the number of Shares having a Fair Market Value on the date of the withholding is to be determined equal to the minimum statutory withholding requirement or such greater amount as may be permitted under applicable accounting standards
or applicable law. All such elections shall be irrevocable
 made in writing
 and signed by the Participant
 and shall be subject to any restrictions or limitations that the Committee
 in its sole discretion
 deems appropriate. 













 

&#148;) is made and entered into effective August&nbsp;25
 2016 (the
&#148;)
 by and among John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
&#148;)
 and Walter &#147;Bobby&#148; Tankersley (hereinafter referred to as the
&#147;
WHEREAS
Executive is retiring from JBSS and all officer and director positions with the Company and its subsidiaries as of the Separation Date; 

&#148;)
WHEREAS
 given that Executive has well served the Company for many
years
 the Company desires to make the Separation Payment (as defined in Section&nbsp;4) to Executive in recognition of his long tenure at JBSS and agreeing to certain restrictions as set forth herein; 

 JBSS is engaged in the business of manufacturing
 processing
 marketing and distributing edible nuts and nut-related products
 fruit
and nut-based snacks
WHEREAS
 JBSS may
 after this Agreement is signed
 enter into new lines of business which the
WHEREAS
 JBSS and
Executive hereby acknowledge that the industry that JBSS competes in is extremely competitive
 and that JBSS expends substantial monies and other resources to develop and maintain its product information as well as its customer relationships that
JBSS and Executive understand and acknowledge are near-permanent
WHEREAS
 it
is the policy of JBSS to ensure that its operations
 activities
 marketing strategies
 product information including products under research and development
 pricing information
 contract terms
 business affairs and customer information are kept
WHEREAS
 Executive
 through his employment
 was granted access to the aforementioned categories of JBSS&#146;s confidential
and proprietary information
 which Executive would not have had access to but for his employment with JBSS; and 
 



 Executive acknowledges that the restrictions contained herein are necessary and
NOW
THEREFORE
 in consideration of the foregoing recitals and the provisions hereafter set forth
 and for other good and valuable consideration
 the receipt and sufficiency of which are mutually acknowledged
 the parties hereto agree as follows: 




Executive acknowledges and agrees that in consideration for the Separation Payment
Executive will be bound by
 and comply in all respects with
 the provisions of this Agreement. 



Executive hereby resigns from any and all officer and
director positions with the Company and its subsidiaries
 including from Executive&#146;s position as Senior Vice President of Procurement and Commodity Risk Management of the Company
 and from any board of directors or similar governing body of
which Executive serves as the designee or other representative of the Company
 effective as of the Separation Date. Executive agrees to promptly sign all appropriate documentation
 if any
 prepared by the Company to facilitate the resignations
contemplated by this Section&nbsp;2. 



The payments and benefits set forth in this Section&nbsp;3 have
been paid or will be paid and provided to Executive whether or not Executive signs this Agreement: 

The
c. Qualified Retirement
Plan
 


 

e. Treatment of Restricted
&#148;) granted by the Company to Executive pursuant to the 2008
 of this Agreement
 consistent with the terms of
the respective plan. 
 Executive does not hold or have rights with respect to any other RSU or other award under the Equity Plans. 


&#147;



In consideration for Executive accepting and not revoking any portion of this
Agreement as provided by Sections 11 and 12
&#148;). Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary
Executive will not be paid or provided the Separation Payment unless and until Executive timely executes this Agreement as set forth in Section&nbsp;11 and the revocation period set forth in Section&nbsp;12 below expires without revocation by
Executive. Amounts payable pursuant to this Section&nbsp;4 will not be counted for purposes of calculating any pension or retirement benefit and will not be eligible for 401(k) plan contributions. 

000
 payable as a lump sum in cash within thirty (30)&nbsp;days after the seven
(7)&nbsp;day revocation period referenced in Section&nbsp;12 has expired without revocation by Executive
 assuming Executive has timely delivered to the Company an executed copy of this Agreement as set forth in Section&nbsp;11 below. 

 including the Separation Payment and any benefits under Section&nbsp;3
 shall be subject to applicable tax withholdings and other standard
deductions. 



In consideration for the Separation Payment
 Executive hereby releases and discharges
the Company
 and each of its past and present parents
 subsidiaries
 predecessors
 successors
 assigns
 related companies
 affiliates
 entities or divisions
 and their past and present employee benefits plans
 trustees
 fiduciaries
 and
administrators
 and any and all of their respective past 
 



and present stockholders
 officers
 directors
 employees
 representatives
 agents and attorneys (collectively
&#148;) from any and all claims
 demands
 causes of action
 or
liabilities
 known or unknown
 of any kind which Executive
 or Executive&#146;s heirs
 executors
 administrators
 agents
 attorneys
&#148; for purposes of this
Section&nbsp;5) have
 had
 or may have against the Releasees
 based on any events or circumstances arising or occurring prior to and including the date of Executive&#146;s execution of this Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by law
regardless of whether such claims are now known or are later discovered
 including any and all claims and liabilities relating to Executive&#146;s employment by
 or services rendered to or for
 the Company
 or relating to the cessation of
Executive&#146;s employment or claims related to any rights of continued employment
 reinstatement or reemployment
 including but not limited to claims or liabilities under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act
 the Americans with Disabilities
Act
 the Family and Medical Leave Act
 Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964
 42 U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1981
 the Workers Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act
 the Fair Labor Standards Act
 the Rehabilitation Act
 the Occupational Safety and
Health Act
 Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and any other statutory
 tort
 contract
 or common law cause of action to the fullest extent permitted by law
 other than any obligations
 claims
 or liabilities set forth in the second
paragraph of this Section&nbsp;5. This release is to be broadly construed in favor of the Releasees. In the event any person
 entity
 or federal
 state or local government agency
 including but not limited to the Equal Employment Opportunity
&#148;)
 pursues a claim on Executive&#146;s behalf or on behalf of a class to which Executive may belong
 Executive hereby waives the right to recover monetary damages or injunctive relief in favor of Executive. 

 Executive is not waiving (a)&nbsp;any claim or right under state workers&#146; compensation or
unemployment laws; (b)&nbsp;any claim or right to vested benefits
 including under any pension or savings plan; (c)&nbsp;any claim or right to continued benefits in accordance with COBRA; (d)&nbsp;any claim or right to enforce the terms of this
Agreement; (e)&nbsp;any right to indemnification (and related advancement of expenses) Executive may have under applicable laws
 the applicable constituent documents (including bylaws and certificates of incorporation) of the Company or its
subsidiaries
 or any applicable D&amp;O insurance policy that the Company may maintain; (f)&nbsp;any claim that arises after the Separation Date; and (g)&nbsp;any other claim or right which cannot be waived as a matter of law. 






&#148; shall include any information that derives independent economic value
 actual or
potential
 from not being generally known to
 and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by
 other persons or business entities who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use. As used herein
 Trade Secrets shall not include
information which is known
 or shall become known through no fault of the Executive
 to the public or generally known within the industry of businesses comparable to JBSS. 
 



 or otherwise obtained by Executive
 at any time
relating to JBSS&#146;s business operations
 product data
 customer or prospect lists or information
 procurement data or practices
 customer specification information and related data
 pricing and cost data
 marketing information
 computer
programs
 business strategies
 information regarding products under research and development
 recipes
 product formulae
 manufacturing processes and any other such proprietary and confidential information was revealed and entrusted to Executive in
confidence
 solely in connection with and for the purpose of employment on behalf of JBSS. Executive agrees that Trade Secrets are and remain the sole property of JBSS. 

 divulge any Trade Secrets to any other person or business entity
 nor use or permit the
Upon the Separation Date
 Executive shall promptly tender to JBSS all documents
 lists
 records
 cellular
devices
 computers
 computer stored media and data (with accompanying passwords) and any other items
 and reproductions thereof
 of any kind in Executive&#146;s possession or control containing Trade Secrets
 except as expressly permitted by JBSS in
connection with and during Executive continuing to serve as a consultant to JBSS. 

&#148; shall include Trade Secrets any and all other confidential and/or
proprietary information that does not rise to the level of Trade Secrets that was imparted
 revealed and/or entrusted to Executive by JBSS in confidence. Confidential Information that is not Trade Secrets includes
 but is not limited to
 information
regarding JBSS&#146;s operations
 procurement processes
 product information regarding products under research and development
 methods of doing business
 accounting and legal information. 

 or otherwise obtained by Executive
 at any time
 was revealed and entrusted to
Executive in confidence
 solely in connection with and for the purpose of employment on behalf of JBSS. Executive agrees that Confidential Information is and remains the sole property of JBSS. 

 he will not divulge
 either directly or indirectly
 any
Confidential Information to any other person or business entity
Upon the
Separation Date
 Executive shall promptly tender to JBSS all Company property
 documents
 lists
 records
 cellular devices
 computers
 computer stored media and data (with accompanying passwords) and any other items
 and reproductions thereof
 of
any kind in Executive&#146;s possession or control containing Confidential Information
 except as expressly permitted by JBSS in connection with and during Executive continuing to serve as a consultant to JBSS. 
 





PROHIBITIONS REGARDING JBSS&#146;S CUSTOMERS
 EXECUTIVES AND UNFAIR COMPETITION (&#147;RESTRICTIVE COVENANTS&#148;) 


whether or not created by Executive
 and all such relationships and goodwill which may hereafter be created or enhanced
 are JBSS&#146;s property. Accordingly
 Executive agrees that
 for a period of 12 months from the Separation Date
 Executive
shall not solicit business
 directly or indirectly
 from any customer of JBSS with whom Executive had contact in any capacity
 or learned information about
 at any time during the 24 months prior to Executive&#146;s separation from employment at
JBSS
 except on behalf of JBSS. This restriction includes soliciting business
 selling products
 providing services or otherwise dealing with JBSS customers if such activities are related to the manufacture
 processing and/or distribution of edible
nuts and nut meats
 fruit and nut-based snacks
 and related products such as produce nuts and nut clusters
 except on behalf of JBSS. Executive also shall not
 directly or indirectly
 assist any other person
 firm
 corporation or business entity in
performing any of the aforesaid acts
 which includes
 but is not limited to
 acting as a broker or consultant. This provision shall not restrict Executive from dealing with such customers to the extent Executive&#146;s dealings are in no way related
to the business of JBSS. It is agreed this restriction is reasonable and necessary to protect the goodwill and confidential information of JBSS. 


 Executive shall not solicit
 hire or cause to be hired any employees of JBSS for employment
in any line of business or attempt to induce or encourage any such employee to leave the employ of JBSS. Executive also agrees not to make such solicitations indirectly. Executive also agrees not to aid or assist any other person
 firm
 corporation
or other business entity to do any of the aforesaid acts. This applies to actions Executive may take in any capacity
 including
 but not limited to
 as proprietor
 partner
 joint venturer
 stockholder
 director
 officer
 trustee
 principal
 agent
servant
 employee
 or in any other capacity. It is agreed this restriction is reasonable and necessary to protect the goodwill and confidential information of JBSS. 


 Executive agrees not to work with or render services or provide assistance to
 directly or
indirectly
 any entity or third party that competes or could compete with JBSS in the manufacture
 processing and/or distribution of edible nuts and nut meats
 fruit and nut-based snacks

Products
 in a capacity whereby JBSS&#146;s Trade Secrets and/or Confidential Information would reasonably be considered to be useful to the entity or to such other third party in order to compete against JBSS or become a competitor of

 



&#148;). Executive acknowledges that JBSS&#146;s business extends throughout the United States
&#148;) and that
 in order to protect JBSS from unfair competition
 this restriction shall apply throughout the U.S. Executive acknowledges that this restriction is necessary to protect JBSS from the disclosure and use of its
competitively sensitive Confidential Information and Trade Secrets. This provision shall not preclude the Executive from working for a JBSS Competitor if the Executive&#146;s proposed responsibilities do not involve the manufacture
 processing
marketing
 procurement and distribution of JBSS Products and whereby Executive is not engaged in a capacity whereby JBSS&#146;s Trade Secrets and/or Confidential Information would reasonably be considered to be useful to the entity or to such other
Executive agrees to notify JBSS in writing in advance of
accepting future employment in the event his or her prospective employer is involved or reasonably could be involved in the manufacture
 processing and/or distribution of JBSS Products. 


customers
 suppliers or clients embarrassment
 humiliation or otherwise cause or contribute to the Company&#146;s customers
 suppliers or clients being held in disrepute by the public or by the clients
 customers
 suppliers or employees of the
Company
 except as required by law. Executive agrees not to willingly or knowingly make any statement or criticism which would reasonably be expected to cause the Company embarrassment
 humiliation or otherwise cause or contribute to the Company
being held in disrepute by the public or the clients
 customers
 suppliers or employees of the Company. However
 nothing in this Agreement will be construed to prohibit the Executive from filing a charge with
 reporting possible violations to
 or
participating or cooperating with any governmental agency or entity
 including but not limited to the EEOC
 the Department of Justice
 the Securities and Exchange Commission
 Congress
 or any agency Inspector General
 or making other disclosures
that are protected under the whistleblower
 anti-discrimination or antiretaliation provisions of federal
 state or local law or regulation; provided
 that the Executive may not disclose Company information that is protected by the attorney-client
privilege
 except as expressly authorized by law; provided further
 the Executive does not need the prior authorization of the Company to make any such reports or disclosures
 and the Executive is not required to notify the Company that the
Executive has made such reports or disclosures. 

unfair competition in its line of business. Accordingly
 if the scope or enforceability of the restrictive covenants contained herein is called into question
 they agree that a court or other tribunal may modify and enforce the restrictions to the
extent necessary to protect JBSS. 
 





Following the Separation Date
 Executive agrees to cooperate fully with the Company in the
defense
 prosecution or conduct of any claims
 actions
 investigations
 or reviews now in existence or which may be initiated in the future against
 involving or on behalf of the Company or any subsidiary which relate to events or occurrences that
&#148;). Executive&#146;s cooperation in connection with such Matters will include
 but not be limited to
 being available for telephone conferences with outside counsel
and/or personnel of the Company
 being available for interviews
 depositions and/or to act as a witness on behalf of the Company
 if reasonably requested. The Company will reimburse Executive for all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by
Executive in connection with such cooperation with respect to such Matters. 



If Executive should breach
 or threaten to
commit a breach
 of any of the provisions of this Agreement
 JBSS shall have the right and remedy to have the restrictive covenants contained herein be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction
 without the necessity of posting a bond. The
Parties agree that any breach or threatened breach of the restrictive covenants would cause irreparable injury to JBSS
 would be difficult to calculate with certainty
 and that money damages would not alone provide an adequate remedy to JBSS. JBSS
shall also have any other right or remedy available to it under law or in equity including the right to seek and recover monetary damages for lost profits and other compensable damages. Should any court of competent jurisdiction adjudge that
Executive has breached any of the provisions as contained in this Agreement
 JBSS shall have a right to collect
 in addition to any monetary damages awarded it
 all of its reasonable attorneys&#146; fees and costs for having to enforce this
Agreement. 



For the period of 12 months following the Separation Date
Executive agrees to (1)&nbsp;inform each new prospective employer
 prior to accepting employment
 of the existence of this Agreement
 and (2)&nbsp;provide that prospective employer with a copy of this Agreement. Executive further agrees that JBSS
may send a copy of this Agreement to the employer or otherwise inform the employer of its terms. 



Executive may accept this Agreement by delivering a signed original of the Agreement to
Thomas J. Fordonski
 Senior Vice President
 Human Resources
 within twenty-one (21)&nbsp;calendar days of Executive&#146;s receipt of this Agreement. Executive may decide to sign the Agreement before the 21-day review period expires
 provided
however
&#148;)
 with the exception of Executive&#146;s waiver of claims brought
under the Age Discrimination in Employment Act (&#147;
 



&#148;)
 which will become final and binding upon him unless Executive rescinds the Agreement within the revocation period referenced in Section&nbsp;12 below. If Executive
fails to return an executed original of this Agreement in the required timeframe referenced in this Section&nbsp;11
 the Parties will have no obligation under this Agreement
 and this Agreement will be considered null and void. 




Executive may revoke his waiver of claims under the ADEA and OWBPA within seven
(7)&nbsp;calendar days after Executive executes this Agreement by delivering a written notice of revocation of Executive&#146;s waiver of such claims to Thomas J. Fordonski
 Senior Vice President
 Human Resources. The revocation of ADEA/OWBPA claims
must be received no later than the close of business on the seventh (7th)&nbsp;calendar day after Executive signs this Agreement. Executive&#146;s waiver of claims under the ADEA and OWBPA will not become effective or enforceable until the eighth
&#148;). If Executive revokes his waiver of claims under the ADEA/OWBPA within the 7-day revocation period
 (i)&nbsp;Executive&#146;s waiver of claims
under the ADEA and OWBPA set forth in Section&nbsp;5 of this Agreement will be null and void; and (ii)&nbsp;Executive will forfeit all payments and benefits specified in Section&nbsp;4 of this Agreement and will instead receive a payment of ten
thousand dollars ($10
000.00)
 payable as a lump sum within thirty (30)&nbsp;days of the Company&#146;s receipt of Executive&#146;s revocation
 which Executive acknowledges and agrees constitutes sufficient consideration for the remaining promises
set forth in this Agreement
 which will continue in full force and effect in the event of such revocation by Executive. 



This Agreement may be amended only in a writing signed by both the Executive and one of the
Chief Executive Officer
 Chief Financial Officer or Senior Vice President
 Human Resources of JBSS. 



Any provision of this Agreement
 which by terms or reasonable implication is to
be or may be performed or effective after the termination of the Agreement
 shall be deemed to survive such termination. 



If any provision of this Agreement shall be invalid or unenforceable
 in
whole or in part
 or as applied to any circumstance
 under the laws of any jurisdiction which may govern for such purpose
 then such provision shall be deemed to be modified or restricted to the extent and in the manner necessary to render the same
valid and enforceable
 either generally or as applied to such circumstance
 or shall be deemed excised from this Agreement
 as the case may require. This Agreement shall be construed and enforced to the maximum extent permitted by law
 as if such
provision had been originally incorporated herein as so modified or restricted
 or as if such provision had not been originally incorporated herein
 as the case may be. JBSS and the 
 



Executive hereby agree that the restrictive covenants set forth herein are separate and distinct restrictive covenants
 designed to operate under different factual circumstances
 and that the
invalidity of one of said covenants shall not affect the validity and/or enforceability of the other covenants. 



This Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties
hereto and their respective heirs
 executors
 administrators
 successors
 and assigns
 provided that this Agreement is not assignable by Executive. 



No failure on the part of any party to this Agreement to exercise
 and no delay on their part
in exercising any right
 power or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof. 



Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to limit or negate
any common law torts or any statutory protections available to JBSS
 including
 but not limited to
 an action under the Illinois Trade Secrets Act
 where it provides JBSS with broader protection than that provided herein. 




This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the
laws of the State of Illinois. Any disputes arising under this Agreement shall be tried exclusively in the courts sitting within the State of Illinois. Executive consents and submits his or her person to the jurisdiction of any such court for such
purpose. 



This Agreement may be executed in any number of identical counterparts
 each of which
shall be deemed a duplicate original
 and all of which together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. 



The provisions of this Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede any prior agreements or understandings pertaining to said subject matter. Further
 the parties acknowledge that there are no prior or contemporaneous oral or written representations
 promises or
agreements not expressed or referred to herein. Should this Agreement come before any court for interpretation or enforcement
 it is the intent of the Parties that the terms and provisions of this Agreement be given their fair and literal meaning.
The Parties intend that this Agreement is not to be strictly construed against any party
 including the drafter of this Agreement. 

 


IN WITNESS WHEREOF
 and intending to be legally bound hereby
 the parties have set their
hands and seals and have caused this Agreement to be executed the day and year indicated. 













 INC.



























 and acting as its Senior Vice President
 Human Resources











 2016



 











(2008 or 2014
Plan)





Separation
Date

November
 2013







500

November
 2014









November
 2015






















 
Subsidiaries of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. 
















JBSS Ventures
 LLC
























 

 (Nos. 333-87661
333-108298
 333-154850
 333-199637) of John B. Sanfilippo&nbsp;&amp; Son
 Inc. of our report dated August&nbsp;24
 2016 relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 which
appears in this Form 

August&nbsp;24
 2016 













 
I
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 certify
that: 




 Inc. for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016; 





 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 





 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2016 

























 
I
 Michael J. Valentine
 certify
that: 




 Inc. for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016; 





 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 





 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 

 2016 











 Group President and Secretary














 
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 
for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Jeffrey T. Sanfilippo
 Chief Executive Officer of the Company and Director
 certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. &#167;&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
1.&nbsp;The Report fully
2.&nbsp;The information contained in the Report
fairly presents
 in all material respects
August&nbsp;24
 2016 









Chief Executive
Officer














 
18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;) on Form 
for the fiscal year ended June&nbsp;30
 2016 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 I
 Michael J. Valentine
 Chief Financial Officer and Group President and Director
 certify
 pursuant to 18
U.S.C. &#167;&nbsp;1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
1.&nbsp;The Report fully
2.&nbsp;The information contained in the Report
fairly presents
 in all material respects
August&nbsp;24
 2016 









Chief Financial Officer
and
Secretary




















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 11 &amp;#x2014; EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We maintain a contributory plan established pursuant to the
 provisions of section 401(k) of the Internal Revenue Code. The plan
 provides retirement benefits for all nonunion employees meeting
 minimum age and service requirements. We currently match 100% of
 the first three percent contributed by each employee and 50% of the
 next two percent contributed
 up to certain maximums specified in
 the plan. Our expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the
 last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 401(k) plan expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
604&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2009
 we recorded a long-term
 liability of $868 for the withdrawal from the multiemployer plan
 (&amp;#x201C;Route pension&amp;#x201D;) for the step-van drivers that were
 employed for our store-door delivery system that was discontinued
 during fiscal 2008. Pursuant to terms of settlement with a labor
 union
 we are making monthly payments of $8 (including interest)
 through April 2022.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The total Route pension liability was as follows for the last two
 fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Route pension liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;466&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;530&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Virtually all of our salaried employees participate in our
 Sanfilippo Value Added Plan (as amended
 the &amp;#x201C;SVA
 Plan&amp;#x201D;) which is a cash incentive plan (an economic value
 added-based program) administered by our Compensation Committee. We
 accrue expense related to the SVA Plan in the annual period that
 the economic performance underlying such performance occurs. This
 method of expense recognition properly matches the expense
 associated with improved economic performance with the period the
 improved performance occurs on a systematic and rational basis.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are comprised of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
072&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;424&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Workers&amp;#x2019; compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;703&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax asset &amp;#x2014; current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-current tax assets (liabilities):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;521&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;353&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
435&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capitalized leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
440&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
354&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill and intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
046&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
156&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retirement plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
661&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Workers&amp;#x2019; compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
251&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
399&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Share based compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital loss carryforward&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(137&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax asset &amp;#x2014; long term&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
181&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax assets &amp;#x2014; total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
445&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Aggregate maturities of long-term debt are as follows for the
 fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
506&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
543&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
582&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 12 &amp;#x2014; RETIREMENT PLAN&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The Supplemental Employee Retirement Plan (&amp;#x201C;SERP&amp;#x201D;) is
 an unfunded
 non-qualified benefit plan that will provide eligible
 participants with monthly benefits upon retirement
 disability or
 death
 subject to certain conditions. Benefits paid to retirees are
 based on age at retirement
 years of credited service
 and average
 compensation. We use our fiscal year-end as the measurement date
 for the obligation calculation. Accounting guidance in ASC Topic
 715
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Compensation &amp;#x2014;
 Retirement Benefits&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;requires the recognition of
 the funded status of the SERP on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.
 Actuarial gains or losses
 prior service costs or credits and
 transition obligations that have not yet been recognized are
 recorded as a component of &amp;#x201C;Accumulated Other Comprehensive
 Loss&amp;#x201D; (&amp;#x201C;AOCL&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the changes in the projected benefit
 obligation for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in projected benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
538&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;491&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;386&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
791&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
538&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The accumulated benefit obligation
 which represents benefits
 earned up to the measurement date
 was $18
247 and $14
177 at
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 and June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Components of the actuarial loss portion of the change in projected
 benefit obligation are presented below for the fiscal years
 ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Actuarial Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in assumed pay increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(801&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
084&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in mortality assumptions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(132&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in bonus assumption&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
191&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(19&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
454&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The components of the net periodic pension cost are as follows for
 the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;491&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;386&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recognized loss (gain) amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic pension cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
341&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
985&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Significant assumptions related to our SERP include the discount
 rate used to calculate the actuarial present value of benefit
 obligations to be paid in the future
 the average rate of
 compensation expense increase by SERP participants
 and anticipated
 mortality rates. The RP-2014 white collar fully generational
 mortality table with mortality improvement scale MP-2015 was
 utilized in the preparation of our pension obligation as of
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the benefit
 obligations of our SERP as of the following dates:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;3.61%&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;4.63%&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the net periodic
 costs of our SERP as follows for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;4.63%&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;4.37%&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;4.90%&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mortality&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;RP-2014 white&lt;br /&gt;
 collar with MP-&lt;br /&gt;
 2014 scale&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;IRS 2014&lt;br /&gt;
 (Unisex)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;IRS 2013&lt;br /&gt;
 (Unisex)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The assumed discount rate is based
 in part
 upon a discount rate
 modeling process that considers both high quality long-term indices
 and the duration of the SERP plan relative to the durations
 implicit in the broader indices. The discount rate is utilized
 principally in calculating the actuarial present value of our
 obligation and periodic expense pursuant to the SERP. To the extent
 the discount rate increases or decreases
 our SERP obligation is
 decreased or increased
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the benefits expected to be paid in
 the next ten fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDTH: 37.05pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;653&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;651&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;644&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;752&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022 &amp;#x2014; 2026&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
479&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At both June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 and June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015 the current
 portion of the SERP liability is $653
 and recorded in Accrued
 payroll and related benefits on the Consolidated Balance
 Sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the components of AOCL that have not
 yet been recognized in net pension expense:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
306&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
807&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
833&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net amount unrecognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We expect to recognize $957 of the prior service cost and $365 of
 net loss into net periodic pension expense during the fiscal year
 ending June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Significant Customers and Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The highly competitive nature of our business provides an
 environment for the loss of customers and the opportunity to gain
 new customers. We are subject to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts receivable
 and we attempt to mitigate
 this risk through our credit evaluation process
 collection terms
 and through geographical dispersion of sales. Sales to three
 customers each exceeded 10% of net sales during fiscal 2016 and
 fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2015 two customers each exceeded 10% of net
 sales. Sales to these customers represented approximately 50%
 39%
 and 46% of our net sales in fiscal 2016
 fiscal 2015 and fiscal
 2014
 respectively. Net accounts receivable from these customers
 were 51% and 33% of net accounts receivable at June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 and June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The provision for income taxes is based entirely on income before
 income taxes earned in the United States
 and is as follows for the
 last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
916&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
222&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
237&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
978&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(210&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
589&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred state&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;192&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(170&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;567&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total income tax expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
067&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
559&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price
 is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured. We
 sell our products under some arrangements which include customer
 contracts which fix the sales price for periods
 typically of up to
 one year
 for some industrial customers and through specific
 programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer
 rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer
 customers and commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these
 programs are established based upon the terms of specific
 arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion
 and marketing allowances. Revenues are also recorded net of
 expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past
 experiences. While customers do have the right to return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have been
 insignificant. Provisions for returns are reflected as a reduction
 in net sales and are estimated based upon customer specific
 circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling costs are
 included in revenues.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 4 &amp;#x2014; REVOLVING CREDIT FACILITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On February&amp;#xA0;7
 2008
 we entered into a Credit Agreement with a
 bank group (the &amp;#x201C;Bank Lenders&amp;#x201D;) providing a $117
500
 revolving loan commitment and letter of credit subfacility (the
 &amp;#x201C;Credit Facility&amp;#x201D;). The Credit Facility is secured by
 substantially all our assets other than real property and
 fixtures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 and June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015
 the weighted average
 interest rate for the Credit Facility was 3.75% and 2.00%
 respectively. The terms of the Credit Facility contain covenants
 that require us to restrict investments
 indebtedness
 acquisitions
 and certain sales of assets
 cash dividends
 redemptions of capital
 stock and prepayment of indebtedness (if such prepayment
 among
 other things
 is of a subordinate debt). If loan availability under
 the Borrowing Base Calculation falls below $25
000
 we will be
 required to maintain a specified fixed charge coverage ratio
 tested on a monthly basis. All cash received from customers is
 required to be applied against the Credit Facility. The Bank
 Lenders are entitled to require immediate repayment of our
 obligations under the Credit Facility in the event of default on
 the payments required under the Credit Facility
 a change in
 control in the ownership of the Company
 non-compliance with the
 financial covenant or upon the occurrence of certain other defaults
 by us under the Credit Facility (including a default under the
 Mortgage Facility). As of June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 we were in compliance
 with all covenants under the Credit Facility and we currently
 expect to be in compliance with the financial covenant in the
 Credit Facility for the foreseeable future. As of June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 we had $101
741 of available credit under the Credit Facility
 which reflects borrowings of $12
084 and reduced availability as a
 result of $3
675 in outstanding letters of credit. We would still
 be in compliance with all restrictive covenants under the Credit
 Facility if this entire amount were borrowed.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;7
 2016
 we entered into the Seventh Amendment to
 Credit Facility (the &amp;#x201C;Seventh Amendment&amp;#x201D;). See
 &amp;#x201C;Note 18 &amp;#x2013; Subsequent Events&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Total amortization expense related to intangible assets
 which is
 classified in administrative expense in the consolidated statement
 of comprehensive income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
710&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
167&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated
 cash discounts and customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful
 accounts is calculated by specifically identifying customers that
 are credit risks and estimating the extent that other
 non-specifically identified customers will become credit risks.
 Account balances are charged off against the allowance when we
 conclude that it is probable the receivable will not be recovered.
 The reserve for estimated cash discounts is based on historical
 experience. The reserve for customer deductions represents known
 customer short payments and an estimate of future credit memos that
 will be issued to customers related to rebates and allowances for
 marketing and promotions based on agreed upon programs and
 historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We operate in a single reportable and operating segment that
 consists of selling various nut and nut related products through
 multiple distribution channels.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Major
 improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity or add
 functionality are capitalized and charged to expense through
 depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense
 as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold
 or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain
 or loss is recognized currently in operating income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
649&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 following estimated useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDTH: 46.1pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Furniture and leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computers and software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 No interest costs were capitalized for the last three fiscal years
 due to the lack of any significant project requiring such
 capitalization.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories
 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market
 which approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at
 least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may affect the
 value of inventory
 gross profit and gross profit margin. When
 expected market sales prices move below costs
 we record
 adjustments to write down the carrying values of inventories to the
 lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market. The results of our
 shelling process can also result in changes to inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus expected crop
 yields. We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell
 pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 are determined based on our inventory systems and are subject to
 quarterly physical verification techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop year
 bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to
 fifteen month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates are
 also recorded.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock
 options excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per
 share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average exercise price:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Long-term debt consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche A&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $200 plus
 interest at 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per annum through February 2023 with a final
 principal payment of $600 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche B&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $50 plus
 interest at the greater of one month LIBOR plus 3.50%&amp;#xA0;per
 annum or 4.25% through February 2023 with a final principal payment
 of $150 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
 due
 in monthly installments of $121 through September 2016 and $103
 through September&amp;#xA0;1
 2031&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
540&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
916&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
666&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Current maturities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
376&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
883&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following is a summary of restricted stock unit activity for
 the year ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDTH: 76.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Restricted Stock Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June 25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228
668&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
893&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55.49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(47
110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
181&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June 30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228
270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 3 &amp;#x2014; INTANGIBLE ASSETS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-compete agreement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total intangible assets
 gross&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less accumulated amortization:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
231&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
717&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-compete agreement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
721&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21
011&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
369&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
079&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Customer relationships and the non-compete agreement relate wholly
 to the Orchard Valley Harvest (&amp;#x201C;OVH&amp;#x201D;) acquisition
 completed in fiscal 2010. Customer relationships are being
 amortized on a straight line basis over seven years. The
 non-compete agreement became fully amortized in fiscal 2016. The
 brand name consists primarily of the&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Fisher&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;brand name
 which we acquired
 in a 1995 acquisition. The&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Fisher&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;brand name became fully
 amortized in fiscal 2011. The remainder of the brand name relates
 to the OVH acquisition which became fully amortized in fiscal
 2015.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Total amortization expense related to intangible assets
 which is
 classified in administrative expense in the consolidated statement
 of comprehensive income
 was as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
710&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
167&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
629&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Expected amortization expense for the fiscal year ending
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017 is $1
369. As of the end of fiscal 2017
 all
 intangible assets will be fully amortized.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We account for comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic
 220
 &lt;i&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/i&gt;. This topic establishes standards
 for reporting and displaying comprehensive income and its
 components in a full set of general-purpose financial statements.
 The topic requires that all components of comprehensive income be
 reported in a financial statement that is displayed with the same
 prominence as other financial statements. This topic also requires
 all non-owner changes in stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity be presented in
 either a single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in
 two separate but consecutive statements. This guidance also
 requires presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on the face of the statement where net income is presented
 or in the notes and information about significant amounts required
 under U.S. GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other
 comprehensive income in their entirety. For amounts not required to
 be reclassified in their entirety to net income
 we provide a
 cross-reference to other disclosures that offer additional details
 about those amounts.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Research and Development Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Research and development expense represents the cost of our
 research and development personnel and their related expenses and
 is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and
 development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;653&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs
 which include freight and other
 expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in
 selling expenses. Shipping and handling costs for the last three
 fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
686&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
895&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the changes in the projected benefit
 obligation for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Change in projected benefit obligation&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
538&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
025&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;491&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;386&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Benefits paid&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(654&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Projected benefit obligation at end of year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22
791&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18
538&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=margin-top:6pt; margin-bottom:0pt; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Intangible assets subject to amortization consist of the
 following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=font-size:12pt;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% border=0 style=BORDER-COLLAPSE:COLLAPSE; font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt align=center&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:8pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center style=border-bottom:1.00pt solid #000000&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Non-compete agreement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total intangible assets
 gross&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Less accumulated amortization:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Customer relationships&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
231&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(7
717&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Non-compete agreement&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
400&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
204&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:3.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Brand names&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8
090&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr bgcolor=#CCEEFF style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Total accumulated amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
721&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(21
011&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:1.00px solid #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-family:Times New Roman; font-size:10pt&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; margin-left:1.00em; text-indent:-1.00em; font-size:10pt; font-family:Times New Roman&gt;
 Net intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
369&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
079&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td nowrap=nowrap valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=font-size:1px;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style= margin-top:0pt ; margin-bottom:0pt; border-top:3.00px double #000000&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 two of whom are also executive officers


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation and Consolidation and Description of
 Business&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of John
 B. Sanfilippo&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Son
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned
 subsidiaries
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC and Sanfilippo (Shanghai) Trading
 Co. Ltd. Our fiscal year ends on the last Thursday of June each
 year
 and typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week
 quarters). However
 the fiscal year ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 consisted of fifty-three weeks with our fourth quarter containing
 fourteen weeks. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
 and related footnotes are presented in accordance with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts in the United
 States. These nuts are sold under a variety of private brands and
 under the&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Fisher
 Orchard Valley
 Harvest
 Fisher Nut Exactly&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;and&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Sunshine
 Country&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;brand
 names. We also market and distribute
 and in most cases manufacture
 or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower kernels
 dried
 fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products
 under private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through
 the major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract
 packaging customers and international customers.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the components of AOCL that have not
 yet been recognized in net pension expense:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
926&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
306&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(5
263&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
807&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
833&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net amount unrecognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted
 average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
 earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
233
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
150
658&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
033
310&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;97
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
332
924&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
248
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
132
347&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 5 &amp;#x2014; LONG-TERM DEBT&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Long-term debt consists of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=80%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche A&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $200 plus
 interest at 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per annum through February 2023 with a final
 principal payment of $600 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
600&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mortgage Facility (&amp;#x201C;Tranche B&amp;#x201D;)
 collateralized by real
 property
 due in monthly principal installments of $50 plus
 interest at the greater of one month LIBOR plus 3.50%&amp;#xA0;per
 annum or 4.25% through February 2023 with a final principal payment
 of $150 on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2023&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
750&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Selma
 Texas facility financing obligation to related parties
 due
 in monthly installments of $121 through September 2016 and $103
 through September&amp;#xA0;1
 2031&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
540&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
916&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
666&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less: Current maturities&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
376&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total long-term debt&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
883&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On February&amp;#xA0;7
 2008
 we entered into a Loan Agreement with an
 insurance company (the &amp;#x201C;Mortgage Lender&amp;#x201D;) providing us
 with two term loans
 one in the amount of $36
000 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche
 A&amp;#x201D;) and the other in the amount of $9
000 (&amp;#x201C;Tranche
 B&amp;#x201D;)
 for an aggregate amount of $45
000 (the &amp;#x201C;Mortgage
 Facility&amp;#x201D;). The Mortgage Facility is secured by mortgages on
 essentially all of our owned real property located in Elgin
 Illinois
 Gustine
 California and Garysburg
 North Carolina (the
 &amp;#x201C;Encumbered Properties&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Tranche A under the Mortgage Facility accrues interest at a fixed
 interest rate of 7.63%&amp;#xA0;per annum
 payable monthly. As
 mentioned above
 such interest rate may be reset by the Mortgage
 Lender on the Tranche A Reset Date. Tranche B under the Mortgage
 Facility accrues interest
 as reset on March&amp;#xA0;1
 2016
 at a
 floating rate of the greater of (i)&amp;#xA0;one month LIBOR plus
 3.50%&amp;#xA0;per annum or (ii)&amp;#xA0;4.25%
 payable monthly (the
 &amp;#x201C;Floating Rate&amp;#x201D;). The margin on such floating rate may
 be reset by the Mortgage Lender on each Tranche B Reset Date;
 provided
 however
 that the Mortgage Lender may also change the
 underlying index on each Tranche B Reset Date occurring on or after
 March&amp;#xA0;1
 2018. We do not currently anticipate that any change
 in the floating rate or the underlying index will have a material
 adverse effect upon our business
 financial condition or results of
 operations.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The terms of the Mortgage Facility contain covenants that require
 us to maintain a specified net worth of $110
000 and maintain the
 Encumbered Properties. The Mortgage Lender is entitled to require
 immediate repayment of our obligations under the Mortgage Facility
 in the event we default in the payments required under the Mortgage
 Facility
 non-compliance with the covenants or upon the occurrence
 of certain other defaults by us under the Mortgage Facility. As of
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 we were in compliance with all covenants under
 the Mortgage Facility. The carrying amount of assets pledged as
 collateral for the Mortgage Facility was approximately $76
299 at
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In September 2006
 we sold our Selma
 Texas properties to two
 related party partnerships for $14
300 and are leasing them back.
 The selling price was determined by an independent appraiser to be
 the fair market value which also approximated our carrying value.
 The lease for the Selma
 Texas properties has a ten-year term at a
 fair market value rent with three five-year renewal options. Also
 we have an option to purchase the properties from the partnerships
 after five years at 95% (100% in certain circumstances) of the then
 fair market value
 but not to be less than the $14
300 purchase
 price. The financing obligation is being accounted for similar to
 the accounting for a capital lease
 whereby the purchase price was
 recorded as a debt obligation
 as the provisions of the arrangement
 are not eligible for sale-leaseback accounting. The balance of the
 debt obligation outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 was $11
540.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In September 2015
 we signed a lease renewal which exercised two
 five-year renewal options and extended the term of our Selma lease
 to September&amp;#xA0;18
 2026 (unless we purchase it before such
 date). Beginning in the second quarter of fiscal 2017
 the base
 monthly lease amount decreases to $103.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Aggregate maturities of long-term debt are as follows for the
 fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
407&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
472&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
506&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
543&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
582&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
780&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 17 &amp;#x2014; SUPPLEMENTARY QUARTERLY DATA (Unaudited)&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following unaudited quarterly consolidated financial data are
 presented for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. Quarterly financial
 results necessarily rely on estimates and caution is required in
 drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated
 results.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter*&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;225
777&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;279
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;215
742&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;231
538&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
011&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
588&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
745&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
692&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
469&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
406&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
050&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
078&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.07&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.07&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;205
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;251
373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;209
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;221
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
684&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
243&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
784&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
345&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
678&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
497&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
691&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
915&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
518&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
469&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.76&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=2% align=left&gt;*&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;The fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 contained one additional week compared to fiscal 2015.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value
 estimate of our long term debt
 including current maturities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Carrying value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
666&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
479&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
377&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The table below sets forth the changes to accumulated other
 comprehensive loss (&amp;#x201C;AOCL&amp;#x201D;) for the last two fiscal
 years. These changes are all related to our defined benefit pension
 plan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=86%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Changes to AOCL&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 9px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;(4
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;(3
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net current-period other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
591&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
331&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate
 debits/expense.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 following estimated useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDTH: 46.1pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Furniture and leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computers and software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw material and supplies&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
005&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Work-in-process and finished goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;156
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;197
997&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 13 &amp;#x2014; ACCUMULATED OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The table below sets forth the changes to accumulated other
 comprehensive loss (&amp;#x201C;AOCL&amp;#x201D;) for the last two fiscal
 years. These changes are all related to our defined benefit pension
 plan.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=86%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=1%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&lt;b&gt;Changes to AOCL&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 9px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at beginning of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;(4
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;(3
503&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;851&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net current-period other comprehensive loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
591&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
331&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Balance at end of period&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(6
425&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
834&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(a)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate
 debits/expense.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss
 for the years ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 and June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015 were
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassifications from AOCL to
 earnings&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 9px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Affected line item in the&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Consolidated Statements of&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined benefit pension items:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Administrative&amp;#xA0;expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total before tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;383&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income&amp;#xA0;tax&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined pension items
 net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(624&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate
 debits to expense. See &amp;#x201C;Note 12 &amp;#x2014; Retirement
 Plan&amp;#x201D; above for additional details.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 16 &amp;#x2014; VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS AND
 RESERVES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table details the activity in various allowance and
 reserve accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDTH: 39.5pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;199&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
753&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
478&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27
158&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
341&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
191&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
541&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
961&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;194&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
539&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
884&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
381&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
914&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(640&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
443&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The following unaudited quarterly consolidated financial data are
 presented for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. Quarterly financial
 results necessarily rely on estimates and caution is required in
 drawing specific conclusions from quarterly consolidated
 results.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;225
777&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;279
002&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;215
742&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;231
538&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;45
011&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
588&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;33
664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
745&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19
692&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
469&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
406&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
990&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
050&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
078&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
277&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.07&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.71&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.07&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.64&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2.00&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=68%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;First&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Second&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Third&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Fourth&lt;br /&gt;
 Quarter&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Year Ended June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net sales&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;205
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;251
373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;209
396&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;221
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross profit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30
684&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;37
243&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;29
784&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34
345&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income from operations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
013&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
678&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
497&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
691&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
915&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
403&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
518&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
469&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.76&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Diluted earnings per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.53&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.58&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.75&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 13px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cash dividends declared per common share&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 13px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 13px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 13px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 13px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 13px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 13px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 13px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 13px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 13px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 13px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 13px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 13px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 13px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 13px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255,255,255); TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the
 annual effective tax rate on income from continuing operations
 are
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits that would affect annual effective tax
 rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;233&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Promotion
 Marketing and Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Promotions
 allowances and customer rebates are recorded at the
 time revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in
 sales. Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon projected
 volumes for the year
 while promotions and allowances are recorded
 based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs
 are accrued based on an estimate of redemptions to occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Marketing and advertising costs are incurred to promote and support
 branded products in the consumer distribution channel. These costs
 are generally expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing and advertising expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
069&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
330&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 2 &amp;#x2014; INVENTORIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 Inventories consist of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Raw material and supplies&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;56
005&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;58
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Work-in-process and finished goods&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100
568&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139
293&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;156
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;197
997&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 6 &amp;#x2014; INCOME TAXES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The provision for income taxes is based entirely on income before
 income taxes earned in the United States
 and is as follows for the
 last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=10 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;For the Year Ended:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
015&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
916&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
274&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
222&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
027&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
704&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
237&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
943&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
978&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred federal&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(210&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
589&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred state&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;205&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;192&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total deferred&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(170&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
384&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;567&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total income tax expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
067&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
559&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The reconciliations of income taxes at the statutory federal income
 tax rate to income tax expense reported in the Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income for the last three fiscal years
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development tax credit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Domestic manufacturing deduction&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Uncertain tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 During fiscal 2014 we divested our investment in an unconsolidated
 variable interest entity and cancelled a secured promissory note
 due from this entity. The tax benefit of these losses was $640 and
 the reduction in valuation allowance reduced the fiscal 2014
 effective tax rate.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected
 future tax consequences of temporary differences between the
 financial statement basis and the tax basis of assets and
 liabilities using enacted statutory tax rates applicable to future
 years. Since the adoption of ASU 2015-17 described in &amp;#x201C;Note 1
 &amp;#x2014; Significant Accounting Policies&amp;#x201D;
 all deferred tax
 assets and liabilities are classified as non-current on the balance
 sheet for the fiscal year ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016. Prior periods
 were not retrospectively adjusted. Deferred tax assets and
 liabilities are comprised of the following:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Current tax assets:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;404&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
072&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;424&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Workers&amp;#x2019; compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;703&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(38&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax asset &amp;#x2014; current&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
264&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Non-current tax assets (liabilities):&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Accounts receivable&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;521&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Employee compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
922&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Inventory&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;353&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation and amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(13
315&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
435&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capitalized leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
440&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
354&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Goodwill and intangible assets&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
046&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
156&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Retirement plan&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
661&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;6
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Workers&amp;#x2019; compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
251&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
399&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Share based compensation&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
669&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;664&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Capital loss carryforward&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;42&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Less valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(137&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax asset &amp;#x2014; long term&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
181&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net deferred tax assets &amp;#x2014; total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8
590&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
445&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets
 management
 considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or
 all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
 realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation
 of future taxable income of the character necessary during the
 periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.
 Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax
 liabilities (including the impact of available carryback and
 carryforward periods)
 projected future taxable income
 and
 tax-planning strategies in making this assessment. During fiscal
 2016 the net change in the total valuation allowance was a $4
 decrease and in fiscal 2015 there was no change to the total
 valuation allowance. If or when recognized
 the tax benefits
 relating to any reversal of the valuation allowance will be
 recognized as a reduction of income tax expense.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 For the years ending June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 and June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015
 unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest and penalties were
 $62 and $333. Accrued interest and penalties related to uncertain
 tax positions are not material for any periods presented. Interest
 and penalties were not material for any period presented. The total
 gross amounts of unrecognized tax benefits were $24 and $248 at
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 and June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beginning balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;247&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross decreases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(137&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in current year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(166&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Ending balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;247&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits
 that if recognized
 would affect the
 annual effective tax rate on income from continuing operations
 are
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=74%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized tax benefits that would affect annual effective tax
 rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;261&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;233&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 During fiscal 2016
 we reversed $292 of unrecognized tax benefits
 due to statute expiration and effective settlement. We do not
 anticipate that total unrecognized tax benefits will significantly
 change in the next twelve months.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 There were certain changes in state tax laws during the period the
 impact of which was insignificant. We file income tax returns with
 federal and state tax authorities within the United States of
 America. Our federal and Illinois tax returns are open for audit
 for fiscal 2015. Our California tax returns for fiscal 2013 and
 2014 are under audit and fiscal 2012 and 2015 are open for audit.
 No other tax jurisdictions are material to us.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to
 earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax
 benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation cost charged to earnings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
489&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
952&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax benefit recognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;512&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The reconciliations of income taxes at the statutory federal income
 tax rate to income tax expense reported in the Consolidated
 Statements of Comprehensive Income for the last three fiscal years
 are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Federal statutory income tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 State income taxes
 net of federal benefit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development tax credit&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Domestic manufacturing deduction&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Uncertain tax positions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;0.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.5&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(0.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effective tax rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following is a summary of stock option activity for the year
 ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term&amp;#xA0;in&amp;#xA0;Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.78&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable at June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.78&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 We review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental
 investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows
 whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that
 the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 We did not record any impairment of long-lived assets for the last
 three fiscal years.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the total intrinsic value of all
 options exercised and the total cash received from the exercise of
 options for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total intrinsic value of options exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;792&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total cash received from exercise of options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 7 &amp;#x2014; COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Operating Leases&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We primarily lease certain equipment pursuant to agreements
 accounted for as operating leases. Rent expense aggregated under
 these operating leases was as follows for the last three fiscal
 years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rent expense related to operating leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Aggregate non-cancelable lease commitments under these operating
 leases with initial or remaining terms greater than one year are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal year ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;892&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
059&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Litigation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We are currently a party to various legal proceedings in the
 ordinary course of business. While management presently believes
 that the ultimate outcomes of these proceedings
 individually and
 in the aggregate
 will not materially affect our financial
 position
 results of operations or cash flows
 legal proceedings
 are subject to inherent uncertainties
 and unfavorable outcomes
 could occur. Unfavorable outcomes could include substantial money
 damages in excess of any appropriate accruals which management has
 established. Were such unfavorable final outcomes to occur
 there
 exists the possibility of a material adverse effect on our
 financial position
 results of operations and cash flows.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 we also purchase materials from a company that is effectively owned
 by three members of our Board of Directors
 two of whom are also
 executive officers
 and individuals directly related to them.
 Purchases from this related party aggregated to the following for
 the years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchases from related party&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
969&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
077&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that
 would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
 an orderly transaction between market participants on the
 measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy
 that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure
 fair value into three broad levels:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=92%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Level&amp;#xA0;1-&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Quoted prices in active markets that are
 accessible at the measurement date for identical assets and
 liabilities.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Level&amp;#xA0;2-&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Observable inputs other than quoted prices in
 active markets. For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or
 liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets
 or liabilities in inactive markets.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Level&amp;#xA0;3-&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Unobservable inputs for which there is little
 or no market data available.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts
 payable approximate their fair values at June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 and
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015 because of the short-term maturities and nature
 of these balances.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in Note 4 in
 the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &amp;#x201C;Revolving
 Credit Facility&amp;#x201D; below) borrowings approximates fair value at
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 and June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015 because interest rates on
 this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value
 estimate of our long term debt
 including current maturities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Carrying value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
666&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
479&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
377&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The estimated fair value of long-term debt was determined using a
 market approach based upon Level 2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt
 other than
 the sale of the Old Elgin Site discussed above.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We account for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in
 accordance with the provisions of ASC&amp;#xA0;718 by calculating
 compensation cost based on the grant date fair value. We then
 amortize compensation expense over the vesting period. We estimate
 the fair value of each stock option on the date of the grant using
 the Black-Scholes option pricing model (using the risk-free
 interest rate
 expected term
 expected volatility
 and dividend
 yield variables) discounted by an estimated forfeiture rate. The
 grant date fair value of restricted stock units
 (&amp;#x201C;RSUs&amp;#x201D;) is generally determined based on the market
 price of our Common Stock on the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The components of the net periodic pension cost are as follows for
 the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=75%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;491&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;386&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;323&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Interest cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;843&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;642&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Recognized loss (gain) amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Prior service cost amortization&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Net periodic pension cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
341&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
985&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
846&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 8 &amp;#x2014; STOCKHOLDERS&amp;#x2019; EQUITY&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &amp;quot;Times New Roman&amp;quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT-STYLE: normal; ORPHANS: 2; WIDOWS: 2; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; LINE-HEIGHT: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; font-variant-ligatures: normal; font-variant-caps: normal&gt;
 Our Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &amp;#x201C;Class A
 Stock&amp;#x201D;)
 has cumulative voting rights with respect to the
 election of those directors which the holders of Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock
 are entitled to elect
 and 10 votes per share on all other matters
 on which holders of our Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock and Common Stock are
 entitled to vote
 with the exception of election of the directors
 for which the holders of Common Stock are eligible to elect. In
 addition
 each share of Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock is convertible at the
 option of the holder at any time into one share of Common Stock and
 automatically converts into one share of Common Stock upon any sale
 or transfer other than to related individuals. Each share of our
 Common Stock
 $.01 par value (the &amp;#x201C;Common Stock&amp;#x201D;) has
 noncumulative voting rights of one vote per share. The Class&amp;#xA0;A
 Stock and the Common Stock are entitled to share equally
 on a
 share-for-share basis
 in any cash dividends declared by the Board
 of Directors
 and the holders of the Common Stock are entitled to
 elect 25%
 rounded up to the nearest whole number
 of the members
 comprising the Board of Directors.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Management Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt&gt;
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
 the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for
 customer deductions
 the quantity of bulk inventories
 the
 evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 the assumptions
 used in estimating the retirement plan liability and pension
 expense
 and the realizability of deferred tax assets. Actual
 results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Rent expense aggregated under these operating leases was as follows
 for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rent expense related to operating leases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
775&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
545&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
572&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 9 &amp;#x2014; STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION PLANS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At our annual meeting of stockholders on October&amp;#xA0;29
 2014
 our
 stockholders approved a new equity incentive plan (the &amp;#x201C;2014
 Omnibus Plan&amp;#x201D;) under which awards of options and other
 stock-based awards may be made to employees
 officers or
 non-employee directors of our Company. A total of 1
000
000 shares
 of Common Stock are authorized for grants of awards thereunder
 which may be in the form of options
 restricted stock
 RSUs
 stock
 appreciation rights (&amp;#x201C;SARs&amp;#x201D;)
 performance shares
 performance units
 Common Stock or dividends and dividend
 equivalents. As of June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 there were 865
053 shares of
 Common Stock that remained authorized for future grants of awards
 subject to the limitations set below. Under the terms of the
 Omnibus Plan
 the total number of shares of Common Stock with
 respect to which options or SARs may be granted in any calendar
 year to any participant may not exceed 500
000 shares (this limit
 applies separately with respect to each type of award).
 Additionally
 under the terms of the Omnibus Plan
 for awards of
 restricted stock
 RSUs
 performance shares or other stock-based
 awards that are intended to qualify as performance-based
 compensation: (i)&amp;#xA0;the total number of shares of Common Stock
 that may be granted in any calendar year to any participant may not
 exceed 250
000 shares (this limit applies separately to each type
 of award) and (ii)&amp;#xA0;the maximum amount that may be paid to any
 participant for awards that are payable in cash or property other
 than Common Stock in any calendar year is $5
000. Except as set
 forth in the 2014 Omnibus Plan
 RSUs have vesting periods of three
 years for awards to employees and one year for awards to
 non-employee members of the Board of Directors. Recipients of RSUs
 have the option to defer receipt of vested shares until a specified
 later date
 typically soon after separation from the Company. The
 exercise price of stock options is determined as set forth in the
 2014 Omnibus Plan by the Compensation Committee of our Board of
 Directors
 and has to be at least the fair market value of the
 Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as set forth in the 2014
 Omnibus Plan
 stock options expire upon termination of employment
 or directorship
 as applicable. Stock options granted under the
 2014 Omnibus Plan are exercisable 25% annually commencing on the
 first anniversary date of grant and became fully exercisable on the
 fourth anniversary date of grant. Options generally will expire no
 later than ten years after the date on which they were granted. We
 issue new shares of Common Stock upon exercise of stock
 options.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The 2014 Omnibus Plan replaced a stock option plan approved at our
 annual meeting of stockholders on October&amp;#xA0;30
 2008
 (the&amp;#xA0;&amp;#x201C;2008 Equity Incentive Plan&amp;#x201D;) pursuant to
 which awards of options and stock-based awards could be made to
 members of the Board of Directors
 employees and other individuals
 providing services to the Company. A total of 1
000
000 shares of
 Common Stock were authorized for grants of awards under the 2008
 Equity Incentive Plan
 which could be in the form of options
 restricted stock
 RSUs
 SARs
 Common Stock or dividends and
 dividend equivalents. A maximum of 500
000 of the 1
000
000 shares
 of Common Stock authorized under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 could be used for grants of Common Stock
 restricted stock and
 RSUs. Additionally
 awards of options or SARs were limited to
 100
000 shares annually to any single individual
 and awards of
 Common Stock
 restricted stock or RSUs were limited to 50
000
 shares annually to any single individual. All RSUs granted under
 the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan had vesting periods of three years
 for awards to employees and one year for awards to non-employee
 members of the Board of Directors. Recipients of RSUs had the
 option to defer receipt of vested shares until a specified later
 date
 typically soon after separation from the Company. The
 exercise price of stock options was determined as set forth in the
 2008 Equity Incentive Plan by the Compensation Committee of our
 Board of Directors
 and had to be at least the fair market value of
 the Common Stock on the date of grant. Except as set forth in the
 2008 Equity Incentive Plan
 options expired upon termination of
 employment or directorship
 as applicable. The options granted
 under the 2008 Equity Incentive Plan were exercisable 25% annually
 commencing on the first anniversary date of grant and became fully
 exercisable on the fourth anniversary date of grant. Options
 generally will expire no later than ten years after the date on
 which they were granted. We issue new shares of Common Stock upon
 exercise of stock options.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We determine the fair value of stock option awards using the
 Black-Scholes option-pricing model; however
 there were no options
 granted in fiscal 2016
 fiscal 2015 or fiscal 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following is a summary of stock option activity for the year
 ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Exercise&lt;br /&gt;
 Price&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 Remaining&lt;br /&gt;
 Contractual&lt;br /&gt;
 Term&amp;#xA0;in&amp;#xA0;Years&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Aggregate&lt;br /&gt;
 Intrinsic&lt;br /&gt;
 Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25
000&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.80&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(15
125&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10.28&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(375&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16.65&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.78&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Exercisable at June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
500&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;8.78&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1.63&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;322&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the total intrinsic value of all
 options exercised and the total cash received from the exercise of
 options for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total intrinsic value of options exercised&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;792&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;781&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;602&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total cash received from exercise of options&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;155&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;643&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;616&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 There was an immaterial change in non-vested stock options during
 fiscal 2016.&amp;#xA0;Exercise prices for options outstanding as of
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 ranged from $7.95 to $14.73.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 RSUs granted to employees and non-employee directors generally vest
 over a three-year and one-year period
 respectively. The fair value
 of RSUs is generally determined based on the market price of our
 Common Stock on the date of grant. The fair value of RSUs granted
 for the years ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
&amp;#xA0;June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015 and
 June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014 was $3
212
 $2
835 and $1
740
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following is a summary of restricted stock unit activity for
 the year ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=78%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDTH: 76.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Restricted Stock Units&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Shares&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Weighted-&lt;br /&gt;
 Average&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;font style=WHITE-SPACE: nowrap&gt;Grant-Date&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 Fair&amp;#xA0;Value&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June 25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228
668&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.96&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Granted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;57
893&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;55.49&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vested&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(47
110&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;19.69&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Forfeited&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(11
181&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;34.30&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Outstanding at June 30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;228
270&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32.33&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 there were 58
561 RSUs outstanding that were
 vested but deferred. At June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015 there were 51
439 RSUs
 outstanding that were vested but deferred. The non-vested RSUs at
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 will vest over a weighted-average period of 1.1
 years. The fair value of RSUs that vested for the years ended
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
&amp;#xA0;June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015 and June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014
 was $928
 $615 and $1
009
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes compensation cost charged to
 earnings for all equity compensation plans and the total income tax
 benefit recognized for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Compensation cost charged to earnings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
489&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
952&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
105&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Income tax benefit recognized&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;962&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;814&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;512&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 At June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 there was $2
777 of total unrecognized
 compensation cost related to non-vested share-based compensation
 arrangements granted under our stock-based compensation plans. We
 expect to recognize that cost over a weighted-average period of 1.1
 years.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share are calculated using the weighted
 average number of shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock
 outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects
 the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other
 contracts to issue Common Stock were exercised or converted into
 Common Stock or resulted in the issuance of Common Stock.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted
 average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
 earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
233
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
150
658&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
033
310&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;97
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
332
924&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
248
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
132
347&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock
 options excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per
 share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average exercise price:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-17&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Income Taxes (Topic
 740) &amp;#x2014; Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred
 Taxes.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-17 requires
 that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as
 non-current in a classified statement of financial position. ASU
 No.&amp;#xA0;2015-17 is effective for public business entities for
 annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual
 periods
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2016. Early application
 is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting
 period. The amendments in this update may be applied either
 prospectively to all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 or
 retrospectively to all periods presented.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2016 the Company elected to early
 adopt this new accounting principle on a prospective basis.
 Approximately $4
264 of net current deferred tax assets were
 reclassified to non-current assets on the balance sheet. Adoption
 of this amendment did not have an effect on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 results of operations
 and prior periods were not retrospectively
 adjusted.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2014-09&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;and created a new ASC Topic
 606
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;
 and added ASC Subtopic
 340-40
&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;Other
 Assets and Deferred Costs &amp;#x2014; Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;. The
 guidance in this update supersedes the revenue recognition
 requirements in ASC Topic 605
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the industry topics
 of the codification. Under the new guidance
 an entity should
 recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or
 services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
 to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those
 goods or services. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU
 No.&amp;#xA0;2015-14&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers
 Deferral of the Effective
 Date&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;which deferred the effective
 date of ASU 2014-09 for one year. Consequently
 this new revenue
 recognition guidance will be effective for the Company beginning in
 fiscal year 2019
 which is our anticipated adoption date.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2016-08&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent
 Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;. In
 April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2016-10&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance
 Obligations and Licensing&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;In May 2016
 the FASB issued
 ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2016-12&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and
 Practical Expedients&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;. The amendments in these three ASUs
 provide clarification on narrow aspects of the new revenue
 recognition guidance and do not change the core principle of Topic
 606.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The new revenue recognition guidance can be adopted either
 retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented
 or
 retrospectively with a cumulative-effect adjustment recognized as
 of the date of adoption. The Company is currently assessing the
 adoption method and the impact of this new guidance on its
 financial position and results of operations and expects to
 complete its assessment in fiscal 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Leases (Topic
 842)&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;The primary goal of this
 update is to require the lessee to recognize all lease commitments
 both operating and finance
 by initially recording a lease asset
 and liability on the balance sheet at the lease commencement date.
 Additionally
 enhanced qualitative and quantitative disclosures
 will be required. ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02 is effective for public
 business entities for annual periods
 including interim periods
 within those annual periods
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018. This new guidance will be effective for the Company beginning
 in fiscal year 2020. This guidance must be adopted using a modified
 retrospective approach and early adoption is permitted. The Company
 is currently assessing the impact of this new guidance on its
 financial position
 results of operations and disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2016-09&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Compensation-Stock
 Compensation (Topic 718)&amp;#x201D;.&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;This ASU is part of the
 FASB&amp;#x2019;s simplification initiative. The areas for
 simplification in this update involve several aspects of the
 accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including the
 income tax consequences
 classification of awards as either equity
 or liabilities
 and classification on the statement of cash flows.
 There are also different adoption methods required including
 prospective
 modified retrospective and retrospective. This ASU
 will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2018.
 The Company plans to early adopt this new guidance in the first
 quarter of fiscal 2017. Most of the simplification initiatives will
 have an immaterial impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial
 position
 results of operations and disclosures. However
 upon
 adoption
 the Company expects increased volatility in income tax
 expense
 mainly in the second quarter of each fiscal year
 since
 historically a majority of the Company equity compensation granted
 in prior periods vests during that quarter.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-05&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Intangibles &amp;#x2014;
 Goodwill and Other &amp;#x2014; Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40):
 Customer&amp;#x2019;s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing
 Arrangement&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;. Existing GAAP does not include explicit
 guidance about a customer&amp;#x2019;s accounting for fees paid in a
 cloud computing arrangement which has resulted in some diversity in
 practice. This update provides guidance to customers about whether
 a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license or
 service contract. This update will be effective for annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual periods beginning
 after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015. This update will be effective for the
 Company beginning in fiscal year 2017 and will be adopted in the
 first quarter of the fiscal year. The Company does not anticipate
 it will have a material impact to its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-03&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Interest-Imputation
 of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) Simplifying the Presentation of Debt
 Issuance Costs&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;This update requires that debt
 issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented
 in the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount
 of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The
 recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are
 not affected by the amendments in this update. This new guidance
 does not address presentation or subsequent measurement of debt
 issue costs related to line of credit arrangements. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-15&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Interest-Imputation
 of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) Presentation and Subsequent
 Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit
 Arrangements&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;which clarifies that the
 SEC staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting
 debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the
 deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the
 line-of-credit arrangement
 regardless of whether there are any
 outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit
 arrangement&lt;i&gt;.&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;ASU 2015-03 is effective
 for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal
 years. This update will be effective for the Company beginning in
 fiscal year 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not
 anticipate this update will have a material impact to its
 consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In February 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-02&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Consolidation (Topic
 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;. This
 update focuses on a reporting company&amp;#x2019;s consolidation
 evaluation to determine whether it should consolidate certain legal
 entities. This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning
 after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015. This update will be effective for the
 Company beginning in fiscal year 2017 and will be adopted in the
 first quarter of the fiscal year. The Company does not anticipate
 it will have any impact to its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive loss
 for the years ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 and June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015 were
 as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=70%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;b&gt;Reclassifications from AOCL to
 earnings&amp;#xA0;&lt;/b&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 9px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&lt;br /&gt;
 Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Affected line item in the&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Consolidated Statements of&lt;br /&gt;
 Comprehensive Income&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined benefit pension items:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized prior service cost&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Administrative&amp;#xA0;expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Unrecognized net loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(50&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Administrative expenses&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total before tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
007&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(957&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Tax effect&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;383&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;373&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Income&amp;#xA0;tax&amp;#xA0;expense&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Amortization of defined pension items
 net of tax&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(624&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(584&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 6pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top width=4% align=left&gt;&lt;sup style=FONT-SIZE: 11px; VERTICAL-ALIGN: top&gt;(b)&lt;/sup&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=left&gt;Amounts in parenthesis indicate
 debits to expense. See &amp;#x201C;Note 12 &amp;#x2014; Retirement
 Plan&amp;#x201D; above for additional details.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Aggregate non-cancelable lease commitments under these operating
 leases with initial or remaining terms greater than one year are as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal year ending&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
333&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;892&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;450&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;77&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
059&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 1 &amp;#x2014; SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Basis of Presentation and Consolidation and Description of
 Business&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Our consolidated financial statements include the accounts of John
 B. Sanfilippo&amp;#xA0;&amp;amp; Son
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned
 subsidiaries
 JBSS Ventures
 LLC and Sanfilippo (Shanghai) Trading
 Co. Ltd. Our fiscal year ends on the last Thursday of June each
 year
 and typically consists of fifty-two weeks (four thirteen week
 quarters). However
 the fiscal year ended June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 consisted of fifty-three weeks with our fourth quarter containing
 fourteen weeks. The accompanying consolidated financial statements
 and related footnotes are presented in accordance with accounting
 principles generally accepted in the United States of America
 (&amp;#x201C;GAAP&amp;#x201D;).&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We are one of the leading processors and distributors of peanuts
 pecans
 cashews
 walnuts
 almonds and other nuts in the United
 States. These nuts are sold under a variety of private brands and
 under the&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Fisher
 Orchard Valley
 Harvest
 Fisher Nut Exactly&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;and&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Sunshine
 Country&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;brand
 names. We also market and distribute
 and in most cases manufacture
 or process
 a diverse product line of food and snack products
 including peanut butter
 almond butter
 candy and confections
 snacks and trail mixes
 snack bites
 sunflower kernels
 dried
 fruit
 corn snacks
 sesame sticks and other sesame snack products
 under private brands and brand names. Our products are sold through
 the major distribution channels to significant buyers of nuts
 including food retailers
 commercial ingredient users
 contract
 packaging customers and international customers.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Management Estimates&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP
 requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect
 the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of
 contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial
 statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during
 the reporting period. Significant estimates include reserves for
 customer deductions
 the quantity of bulk inventories
 the
 evaluation of recoverability of long-lived assets
 the assumptions
 used in estimating the retirement plan liability and pension
 expense
 and the realizability of deferred tax assets. Actual
 results could differ from those estimates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Accounts Receivable&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Accounts receivable are stated at the amounts charged to customers
 less allowances for doubtful accounts
 and reserves for estimated
 cash discounts and customer deductions. The allowance for doubtful
 accounts is calculated by specifically identifying customers that
 are credit risks and estimating the extent that other
 non-specifically identified customers will become credit risks.
 Account balances are charged off against the allowance when we
 conclude that it is probable the receivable will not be recovered.
 The reserve for estimated cash discounts is based on historical
 experience. The reserve for customer deductions represents known
 customer short payments and an estimate of future credit memos that
 will be issued to customers related to rebates and allowances for
 marketing and promotions based on agreed upon programs and
 historical experience.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Inventories&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Inventories
 which consist principally of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 shelled nuts
 dried fruit and processed and packaged nut products
 are stated at the lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market
 which approximates actual cost. Inventory costs are reviewed at
 least quarterly. Fluctuations in the market price of pecans
 peanuts
 walnuts
 almonds
 cashews and other nuts may affect the
 value of inventory
 gross profit and gross profit margin. When
 expected market sales prices move below costs
 we record
 adjustments to write down the carrying values of inventories to the
 lower of cost (first-in
 first-out) or market. The results of our
 shelling process can also result in changes to inventory costs
 such as adjustments made pursuant to actual versus expected crop
 yields. We maintain significant inventories of bulk-stored inshell
 pecans
 peanuts and walnuts. Quantities of inshell bulk-stored nuts
 are determined based on our inventory systems and are subject to
 quarterly physical verification techniques including observation
 weighing and other methods. The quantities of each crop year
 bulk-stored nut inventories are generally shelled out over a ten to
 fifteen month period
 at which time revisions to any estimates are
 also recorded.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Property
 plant and equipment are stated at cost. Major
 improvements that extend the useful life
 add capacity or add
 functionality are capitalized and charged to expense through
 depreciation. Repairs and maintenance costs are charged to expense
 as incurred. The cost and accumulated depreciation of assets sold
 or retired are removed from the respective accounts
 and any gain
 or loss is recognized currently in operating income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
649&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Cost is depreciated using the straight-line method over the
 following estimated useful lives:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDTH: 46.1pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Classification&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Estimated&amp;#xA0;Useful&amp;#xA0;Lives&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Buildings&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;
 10&amp;#xA0;to&amp;#xA0;40&amp;#xA0;years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Machinery and equipment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Furniture and leasehold improvements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5 to 10 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Vehicles&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Computers and software&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3 to 5 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 No interest costs were capitalized for the last three fiscal years
 due to the lack of any significant project requiring such
 capitalization.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Impairment of Long-Lived Assets&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We review held and used long-lived assets
 including our rental
 investment property and amortizable identifiable intangible assets
 to assess recoverability from projected undiscounted cash flows
 whenever events or changes in facts and circumstances indicate that
 the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. When such
 events occur
 we compare the sum of the undiscounted cash flows
 expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the
 asset or asset group to the carrying amount of the long lived asset
 or asset group. The cash flows are based on our best estimate of
 future cash flows derived from the most recent business
 projections. If this comparison indicates there is an impairment
 the carrying value of the asset is reduced to its estimated fair
 value.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We did not record any impairment of long-lived assets for the last
 three fiscal years.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Facility Consolidation Project/Real Estate Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In April 2005
 we acquired property to be used for the Elgin Site.
 Two buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an
 office building. Approximately 75% of the office building has been
 built-out and 69% is currently vacant. The other building
 a
 warehouse
 was expanded and modified for use as our principal
 processing facility and headquarters. The allocation of the
 purchase price to the two buildings was determined through a third
 party appraisal. The value assigned to the office building is
 included in rental investment property on the balance sheet. The
 value assigned to the warehouse building is included in
 &amp;#x201C;Property
 plant and equipment&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
 caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross
 rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal
 years are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross rental income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
898&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
792&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
697&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rental (expense)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
371&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within
 the office building is as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
983&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
705&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
410&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
742&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On December&amp;#xA0;26
 2013 (the second quarter of fiscal 2014)
 we
 completed the sale of the land and building in Elgin
 Illinois
 originally purchased for our facility consolidation project. The
 sales price was $8
000 and resulted in a pre-tax gain of
 $1
641.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Fair Value of Financial Instruments&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Authoritative guidance issued by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board (&amp;#x201C;FASB&amp;#x201D;) defines fair value as the price that
 would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
 an orderly transaction between market participants on the
 measurement date. The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy
 that prioritizes observable and unobservable inputs used to measure
 fair value into three broad levels:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=100% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=2%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td width=92%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Level&amp;#xA0;1-&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Quoted prices in active markets that are
 accessible at the measurement date for identical assets and
 liabilities.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Level&amp;#xA0;2-&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Observable inputs other than quoted prices in
 active markets. For example
 quoted prices for similar assets or
 liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets
 or liabilities in inactive markets.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1pt&gt;
 &lt;td height=8&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td height=8 colspan=2&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Level&amp;#xA0;3-&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;Unobservable inputs for which there is little
 or no market data available.&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The carrying values of cash
 trade accounts receivable and accounts
 payable approximate their fair values at June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 and
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015 because of the short-term maturities and nature
 of these balances.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The carrying value of our Credit Facility (as defined in Note 4 in
 the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements &amp;#x201C;Revolving
 Credit Facility&amp;#x201D; below) borrowings approximates fair value at
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016 and June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015 because interest rates on
 this instrument approximate current market rates (Level 2
 criteria)
 the short term maturity and nature of this balance. In
 addition
 there has been no significant change in our inherent
 credit risk.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table summarizes the carrying value and fair value
 estimate of our long term debt
 including current maturities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=72%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Carrying value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;32
290&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
666&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Fair value of long-term debt:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;35
479&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;39
377&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The estimated fair value of long-term debt was determined using a
 market approach based upon Level 2 observable inputs
 which
 estimates fair value based on interest rates currently offered on
 loans with similar terms to borrowers of similar credit quality or
 broker quotes. In addition
 there have been no significant changes
 in the underlying assets securing our long-term debt
 other than
 the sale of the Old Elgin Site discussed above.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We recognize revenue when persuasive evidence of an arrangement
 exists
 title has transferred (based upon terms of shipment)
 price
 is fixed
 delivery occurs and collection is reasonably assured. We
 sell our products under some arrangements which include customer
 contracts which fix the sales price for periods
 typically of up to
 one year
 for some industrial customers and through specific
 programs consisting of promotion allowances
 volume and customer
 rebates and marketing allowances
 among others
 to consumer
 customers and commercial ingredient users. Reserves for these
 programs are established based upon the terms of specific
 arrangements. Revenues are recorded net of rebates and promotion
 and marketing allowances. Revenues are also recorded net of
 expected customer deductions which are provided for based upon past
 experiences. While customers do have the right to return products
 past experience has demonstrated that product returns have been
 insignificant. Provisions for returns are reflected as a reduction
 in net sales and are estimated based upon customer specific
 circumstances. Billings for shipping and handling costs are
 included in revenues.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Segment Reporting&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We operate in a single reportable and operating segment that
 consists of selling various nut and nut related products through
 multiple distribution channels.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Significant Customers and Concentration of Credit Risk&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The highly competitive nature of our business provides an
 environment for the loss of customers and the opportunity to gain
 new customers. We are subject to concentrations of credit risk
 primarily in trade accounts receivable
 and we attempt to mitigate
 this risk through our credit evaluation process
 collection terms
 and through geographical dispersion of sales. Sales to three
 customers each exceeded 10% of net sales during fiscal 2016 and
 fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2015 two customers each exceeded 10% of net
 sales. Sales to these customers represented approximately 50%
 39%
 and 46% of our net sales in fiscal 2016
 fiscal 2015 and fiscal
 2014
 respectively. Net accounts receivable from these customers
 were 51% and 33% of net accounts receivable at June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 and June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015
 respectively.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Promotion
 Marketing and Advertising Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Promotions
 allowances and customer rebates are recorded at the
 time revenue is recognized and are reflected as reductions in
 sales. Annual volume rebates are estimated based upon projected
 volumes for the year
 while promotions and allowances are recorded
 based upon terms of the actual arrangements. Coupon incentive costs
 are accrued based on an estimate of redemptions to occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Marketing and advertising costs are incurred to promote and support
 branded products in the consumer distribution channel. These costs
 are generally expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing and advertising expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
069&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
330&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Shipping and Handling Costs&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs
 which include freight and other
 expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in
 selling expenses. Shipping and handling costs for the last three
 fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
686&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
895&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Research and Development Expenses&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Research and development expense represents the cost of our
 research and development personnel and their related expenses and
 is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and
 development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;653&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Stock-Based Compensation&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We account for stock-based employee compensation arrangements in
 accordance with the provisions of ASC&amp;#xA0;718 by calculating
 compensation cost based on the grant date fair value. We then
 amortize compensation expense over the vesting period. We estimate
 the fair value of each stock option on the date of the grant using
 the Black-Scholes option pricing model (using the risk-free
 interest rate
 expected term
 expected volatility
 and dividend
 yield variables) discounted by an estimated forfeiture rate. The
 grant date fair value of restricted stock units
 (&amp;#x201C;RSUs&amp;#x201D;) is generally determined based on the market
 price of our Common Stock on the date of grant.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: medium &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px; break-before: page&gt;
 &lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach
 that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
 liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that
 have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such
 items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax
 basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded
 to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more
 likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be
 realized. Any investment tax credits are accounted for by using the
 flow-through method
 whereby the credits are reflected as
 reductions of tax expense in the year they are recognized in the
 financial statements. In estimating future tax consequences
 we
 consider all expected future events other than changes in tax law
 or rates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a
 two-step process. The first step is recognition
 where we evaluate
 whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than
 50% of being sustained upon examination based on the technical
 merits of the position
 including resolution of any related appeals
 or litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently
 estimated to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no
 tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the
 recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step
 of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits
 ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future
 periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may
 require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with
 regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and
 measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations and
 financial position in the period in which such changes occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized
 tax benefits in the income tax expense caption in the Consolidated
 Statement of Comprehensive Income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering
 our historical taxable income and future taxable income based upon
 the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $171 of net basis differences for which we have provided
 a valuation allowance.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Earnings per Share&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Basic earnings per common share are calculated using the weighted
 average number of shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Stock
 outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects
 the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other
 contracts to issue Common Stock were exercised or converted into
 Common Stock or resulted in the issuance of Common Stock.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the reconciliation of the weighted
 average shares outstanding used in computing basic and diluted
 earnings per share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=4%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; basic&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
233
975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
150
658&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
033
310&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Effect of dilutive securities:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Stock options and restricted stock units&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;98
949&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;97
601&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;99
037&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of shares outstanding &amp;#x2014; diluted&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
332
924&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
248
259&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
132
347&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents a summary of anti-dilutive stock
 options excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per
 share:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=63%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=9%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average number of anti-dilutive shares:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
153&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Weighted average exercise price:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;25.36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We account for comprehensive income in accordance with ASC Topic
 220
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Comprehensive Income&lt;/i&gt;.
 This topic establishes standards for reporting and displaying
 comprehensive income and its components in a full set of
 general-purpose financial statements. The topic requires that all
 components of comprehensive income be reported in a financial
 statement that is displayed with the same prominence as other
 financial statements. This topic also requires all non-owner
 changes in stockholders&amp;#x2019; equity be presented in either a
 single continuous statement of comprehensive income or in two
 separate but consecutive statements. This guidance also requires
 presentation by the respective line items of net income
 either on
 the face of the statement where net income is presented or in the
 notes and information about significant amounts required under U.S.
 GAAP to be reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive
 income in their entirety. For amounts not required to be
 reclassified in their entirety to net income
 we provide a
 cross-reference to other disclosures that offer additional details
 about those amounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Recent Accounting Pronouncements&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In November 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-17&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Income Taxes (Topic
 740) &amp;#x2014; Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred
 Taxes.&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-17 requires
 that deferred tax assets and liabilities be classified as
 non-current in a classified statement of financial position. ASU
 No.&amp;#xA0;2015-17 is effective for public business entities for
 annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual
 periods
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2016. Early application
 is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting
 period. The amendments in this update may be applied either
 prospectively to all deferred tax assets and liabilities
 or
 retrospectively to all periods presented.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In the second quarter of fiscal 2016 the Company elected to early
 adopt this new accounting principle on a prospective basis.
 Approximately $4
264 of net current deferred tax assets were
 reclassified to non-current assets on the balance sheet. Adoption
 of this amendment did not have an effect on the Company&amp;#x2019;s
 results of operations
 and prior periods were not retrospectively
 adjusted.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In May 2014
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2014-09&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;and created a new ASC Topic
 606
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Revenue
 from Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;
 and added ASC Subtopic
 340-40
&lt;i&gt;&amp;#xA0;Other
 Assets and Deferred Costs &amp;#x2014; Contracts with Customers&lt;/i&gt;. The
 guidance in this update supersedes the revenue recognition
 requirements in ASC Topic 605
&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;Revenue Recognition&lt;/i&gt;
 and most industry-specific guidance throughout the industry topics
 of the codification. Under the new guidance
 an entity should
 recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or
 services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration
 to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those
 goods or services. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU
 No.&amp;#xA0;2015-14&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers
 Deferral of the Effective
 Date&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;which deferred the effective
 date of ASU 2014-09 for one year. Consequently
 this new revenue
 recognition guidance will be effective for the Company beginning in
 fiscal year 2019
 which is our anticipated adoption date.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2016-08&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Principal versus Agent
 Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net)&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;. In
 April 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2016-10&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Identifying Performance
 Obligations and Licensing&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/i&gt;In May 2016
 the FASB issued
 ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2016-12&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Revenue from
 Contracts with Customers (Topic 606): Narrow-Scope Improvements and
 Practical Expedients&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;. The amendments in these three ASUs
 provide clarification on narrow aspects of the new revenue
 recognition guidance and do not change the core principle of Topic
 606.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The new revenue recognition guidance can be adopted either
 retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented
 or
 retrospectively with a cumulative-effect adjustment recognized as
 of the date of adoption. The Company is currently assessing the
 adoption method and the impact of this new guidance on its
 financial position and results of operations and expects to
 complete its assessment in fiscal 2017.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Leases (Topic
 842)&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;The primary goal of this
 update is to require the lessee to recognize all lease commitments
 both operating and finance
 by initially recording a lease asset
 and liability on the balance sheet at the lease commencement date.
 Additionally
 enhanced qualitative and quantitative disclosures
 will be required. ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2016-02 is effective for public
 business entities for annual periods
 including interim periods
 within those annual periods
 beginning after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2018. This new guidance will be effective for the Company beginning
 in fiscal year 2020. This guidance must be adopted using a modified
 retrospective approach and early adoption is permitted. The Company
 is currently assessing the impact of this new guidance on its
 financial position
 results of operations and disclosures.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In March 2016
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2016-09&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Compensation-Stock
 Compensation (Topic 718)&amp;#x201D;.&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;This ASU is part of the
 FASB&amp;#x2019;s simplification initiative. The areas for
 simplification in this update involve several aspects of the
 accounting for share-based payment transactions
 including the
 income tax consequences
 classification of awards as either equity
 or liabilities
 and classification on the statement of cash flows.
 There are also different adoption methods required including
 prospective
 modified retrospective and retrospective. This ASU
 will be effective for the Company beginning in fiscal year 2018.
 The Company plans to early adopt this new guidance in the first
 quarter of fiscal 2017. Most of the simplification initiatives will
 have an immaterial impact on the Company&amp;#x2019;s financial
 position
 results of operations and disclosures. However
 upon
 adoption
 the Company expects increased volatility in income tax
 expense
 mainly in the second quarter of each fiscal year
 since
 historically a majority of the Company equity compensation granted
 in prior periods vests during that quarter.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-05&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Intangibles &amp;#x2014;
 Goodwill and Other &amp;#x2014; Internal-Use Software (Subtopic 350-40):
 Customer&amp;#x2019;s Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud Computing
 Arrangement&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;. Existing GAAP does not include explicit
 guidance about a customer&amp;#x2019;s accounting for fees paid in a
 cloud computing arrangement which has resulted in some diversity in
 practice. This update provides guidance to customers about whether
 a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license or
 service contract. This update will be effective for annual periods
 including interim periods within those annual periods beginning
 after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015. This update will be effective for the
 Company beginning in fiscal year 2017 and will be adopted in the
 first quarter of the fiscal year. The Company does not anticipate
 it will have a material impact to its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In April 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-03&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Interest-Imputation
 of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) Simplifying the Presentation of Debt
 Issuance Costs&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/i&gt;&amp;#xA0;This update requires that debt
 issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented
 in the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount
 of that debt liability
 consistent with debt discounts. The
 recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are
 not affected by the amendments in this update. This new guidance
 does not address presentation or subsequent measurement of debt
 issue costs related to line of credit arrangements. In August 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-15&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Interest-Imputation
 of Interest (Subtopic 835-30) Presentation and Subsequent
 Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit
 Arrangements&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;which clarifies that the
 SEC staff would not object to an entity deferring and presenting
 debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing the
 deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the
 line-of-credit arrangement
 regardless of whether there are any
 outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit
 arrangement&lt;i&gt;.&amp;#xA0;&lt;/i&gt;ASU 2015-03 is effective
 for financial statements issued for fiscal years beginning after
 December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015
 and interim periods within those fiscal
 years. This update will be effective for the Company beginning in
 fiscal year 2017. Early adoption is permitted. The Company does not
 anticipate this update will have a material impact to its
 consolidated balance sheets.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In February 2015
 the FASB issued ASU No.&amp;#xA0;2015-02&amp;#xA0;&lt;i&gt;&amp;#x201C;Consolidation (Topic
 810): Amendments to the Consolidation Analysis&amp;#x201D;&lt;/i&gt;. This
 update focuses on a reporting company&amp;#x2019;s consolidation
 evaluation to determine whether it should consolidate certain legal
 entities. This guidance is effective for annual periods beginning
 after December&amp;#xA0;15
 2015. This update will be effective for the
 Company beginning in fiscal year 2017 and will be adopted in the
 first quarter of the fiscal year. The Company does not anticipate
 it will have any impact to its consolidated financial
 statements.&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the benefit
 obligations of our SERP as of the following dates:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=64%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;3.61%&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;4.63%&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=center&gt;
 60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We used the following assumptions to calculate the net periodic
 costs of our SERP as follows for the fiscal years ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=46%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;4.63%&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;4.37%&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;4.90%&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rate of compensation increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;4.50%&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Mortality&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;RP-2014 white&lt;br /&gt;
 collar with MP-&lt;br /&gt;
 2014 scale&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;IRS 2014&lt;br /&gt;
 (Unisex)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;IRS 2013&lt;br /&gt;
 (Unisex)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Bonus payment&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;4&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;85%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top align=center&gt;60%&amp;#xA0;-&amp;#xA0;70%&amp;#xA0;of&lt;br /&gt;
 base
&lt;br /&gt;
 paid&amp;#xA0;3&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;5&lt;br /&gt;
 years&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Facility Consolidation Project/Real Estate Transactions&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In April 2005
 we acquired property to be used for the Elgin Site.
 Two buildings are located on the Elgin Site
 one of which is an
 office building. Approximately 75% of the office building has been
 built-out and 69% is currently vacant. The other building
 a
 warehouse
 was expanded and modified for use as our principal
 processing facility and headquarters. The allocation of the
 purchase price to the two buildings was determined through a third
 party appraisal. The value assigned to the office building is
 included in rental investment property on the balance sheet. The
 value assigned to the warehouse building is included in
 &amp;#x201C;Property
 plant and equipment&amp;#x201D;.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
 caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross
 rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal
 years are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross rental income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
898&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
792&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
697&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rental (expense)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
371&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within
 the office building is as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
983&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
705&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
410&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
742&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On December&amp;#xA0;26
 2013 (the second quarter of fiscal 2014)
 we
 completed the sale of the land and building in Elgin
 Illinois
 originally purchased for our facility consolidation project. The
 sales price was $8
000 and resulted in a pre-tax gain of
 $1
641.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table presents the benefits expected to be paid in
 the next ten fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=89%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDTH: 37.05pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Fiscal year&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom colspan=2&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;653&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;651&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;644&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;634&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 2em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;752&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 2022 &amp;#x2014; 2026&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
479&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;u&gt;Income Taxes&lt;/u&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We account for income taxes using an asset and liability approach
 that requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and
 liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that
 have been reported in our financial statements or tax returns. Such
 items give rise to differences in the financial reporting and tax
 basis of assets and liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded
 to reduce the carrying amount of deferred tax assets if it is more
 likely than not that all or a portion of the asset will not be
 realized. Any investment tax credits are accounted for by using the
 flow-through method
 whereby the credits are reflected as
 reductions of tax expense in the year they are recognized in the
 financial statements. In estimating future tax consequences
 we
 consider all expected future events other than changes in tax law
 or rates.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a
 two-step process. The first step is recognition
 where we evaluate
 whether an individual tax position has a likelihood of greater than
 50% of being sustained upon examination based on the technical
 merits of the position
 including resolution of any related appeals
 or litigation processes. For tax positions that are currently
 estimated to have a less than 50% likelihood of being sustained
 no
 tax benefit is recorded. For tax positions that have met the
 recognition threshold in the first step
 we perform the second step
 of measuring the benefit to be recorded. The actual benefits
 ultimately realized may differ from our estimates. In future
 periods
 changes in facts
 circumstances
 and new information may
 require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with
 regard to individual tax positions. Changes in recognition and
 measurement estimates are recorded in results of operations and
 financial position in the period in which such changes occur.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We recognize interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized
 tax benefits in the income tax expense caption in the Consolidated
 Statement of Comprehensive Income.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 We evaluate the realization of deferred tax assets by considering
 our historical taxable income and future taxable income based upon
 the reversal of deferred tax liabilities. As of June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016
 we believe that our deferred tax assets are fully realizable
 except for $171 of net basis differences for which we have provided
 a valuation allowance.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 14 &amp;#x2014; TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In addition to the related party transactions described in Note 5
 we also purchase materials from a company that is effectively owned
 by three members of our Board of Directors
 two of whom are also
 executive officers
 and individuals directly related to them.
 Purchases from this related party aggregated to the following for
 the years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=62%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Purchases from related party&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7
138&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
969&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
077&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Accounts payable to this related entity aggregated to the following
 for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;241&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 18 &amp;#x2014; SUBSEQUENT EVENTS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;7
 2016
 we entered into the Seventh Amendment to
 Credit Agreement (the &amp;#x201C;Seventh Amendment&amp;#x201D;) which
 extended the maturity date of the Credit Agreement from
 July&amp;#xA0;15
 2019 to July&amp;#xA0;7
 2021
 and reduced by twenty-five
 basis points the interest rates charged for loan advances and
 letter of credit borrowings. The unused line fee was reduced to
 0.25%&amp;#xA0;per annum. The aggregate revolving loan commitment
 remained unchanged. In addition
 the Seventh Amendment allows the
 Company to
 without obtaining Bank Lender consent
 (i)&amp;#xA0;make up
 to one cash dividend or distribution on our stock per quarter
 or
 (ii)&amp;#xA0;purchase
 acquire
 redeem or retire stock in any fiscal
 quarter
 in any case
 in an amount not to exceed $60
000 in the
 aggregate per fiscal year
 as long as no default or event of
 default exists and the excess availability under the Credit
 Agreement remains over $30
000 immediately before and after giving
 effect to any such dividend
 distribution
 purchase or redemption.
 The Seventh Amendment also permits an additional 5% of outstanding
 accounts receivable from a major customer to be included as
 eligible in the borrowing base calculation and reduced the amount
 available for letter of credit usage to $10
000.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;7
 2016
 our Board of Directors
 after considering the
 financial position of our Company and other factors
 declared a
 special cash dividend of $2.50 per share on all issued and
 outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock of
 the Company (the &amp;#x201C;2016 Special Dividend&amp;#x201D;). The 2016
 Special Dividend of approximately $28
150 was paid on
 August&amp;#xA0;4
 2016 to stockholders of record as of the close of
 business on July&amp;#xA0;21
 2016.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 In August 2016
 we were notified by a significant customer in the
 commercial ingredients sales channel of its intent to move some or
 all of its almond butter requirements to a vertically integrated
 almond butter supplier during our second quarter of fiscal 2017.
 Almond butter sales to this customer in fiscal 2016 were
 approximately $90 million while the gross profit margin on this
 business was substantially lower than our total gross profit margin
 for fiscal 2016.&lt;/p&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The net rental expense from the office building is included in the
 caption &amp;#x201C;Rental and miscellaneous expense
 net&amp;#x201D;. Gross
 rental income and rental (expense)
 net for the last three fiscal
 years are as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross rental income&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
898&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
792&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
697&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Rental (expense)
 net&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(1
371&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(3
062&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(2
798&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of
 total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as
 promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product types
 for the
 fiscal year ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDTH: 46.9pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Product Type&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Peanuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pecans&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cashews &amp;amp; Mixed Nuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Walnuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Almonds&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trail &amp;amp; Snack Mixes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Components of the actuarial loss portion of the change in projected
 benefit obligation are presented below for the fiscal years
 ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=3%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Actuarial Loss&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in assumed pay increases&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;68&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;342&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(85&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in discount rate&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
509&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(801&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
084&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in mortality assumptions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(132&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
150&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Change in bonus assumption&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
191&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;474&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 3em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;128&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;257&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(19&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 5em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Actuarial loss&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
573&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
454&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Our expense for the 401(k) plan was as follows for the last three
 fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=67%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=7%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 401(k) plan expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
604&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
356&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Expected future gross rental income under operating leases within
 the office building is as follows for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=88%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;29
 2017&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
983&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 28
 2018&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
705&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 27
 2019&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
595&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 25
 2020&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
516&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June 24
 2021&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
533&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Thereafter&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
410&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
742&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amount of gross
 unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Beginning balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;247&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;139&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;70&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;27&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross decreases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in prior year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(8&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(91&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(107&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Settlements&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(137&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(18&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Gross increases &amp;#x2014; tax positions in current year&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Lapse of statute of limitations&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(166&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;62&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(40&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Ending balance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;24&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;248&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;247&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: #000000 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs
 which include freight and other
 expenses to prepare finished goods for shipment
 are included in
 selling expenses. Shipping and handling costs for the last three
 fiscal years were as follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Shipping and handling costs&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;16
686&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
699&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;17
895&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt&gt;
 The total Route pension liability was as follows for the last two
 fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 12pt; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=76% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=82%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: #000000 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br /&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Route pension liability&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;466&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;530&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Research and development expense represents the cost of our
 research and development personnel and their related expenses and
 is charged to selling expenses as incurred. Research and
 development expenses for the last three fiscal years were as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=10%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Research and development expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;653&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;979&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;882&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Depreciation expense for the last three fiscal years is as
 follows:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;Ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Depreciation expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
875&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;14
117&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13
649&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;

  
  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 10 &amp;#x2014; SPECIAL CASH DIVIDENDS&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On October&amp;#xA0;27
 2015 our Board of Directors
 after considering
 the financial position of our Company and other matters
 declared a
 special cash dividend of $2.00 per share on all issued and
 outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock of
 the Company (the &amp;#x201C;2015 Special Dividend&amp;#x201D;). The 2015
 Special Dividend was paid on December&amp;#xA0;11
 2015 to stockholders
 of record at the close of business on December&amp;#xA0;2
 2015. The
 total amount of cash paid to stockholders under the Special
 Dividend was $22
486.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On October&amp;#xA0;28
 2014 our Board of Directors
 after considering
 the financial position of our Company and other factors
 declared a
 special cash dividend of $1.50 per share on all issued and
 outstanding shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock of
 the Company (the &amp;#x201C;2014 Special Dividend&amp;#x201D;). The 2014
 Special Dividend of $16
759 was paid on December&amp;#xA0;12
 2014
 to
 stockholders of record at the close of business on December&amp;#xA0;3
 2014.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 On July&amp;#xA0;7
 2016
 our Board of Directors declared a special
 cash dividend of $2.50 per share on all issued and outstanding
 shares of Common Stock and Class&amp;#xA0;A Common Stock of the
 Company. Refer to &amp;#x201C;Note 18 &amp;#x2014; Subsequent Events&amp;#x201D;
 below.&lt;/p&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following table details the activity in various allowance and
 reserve accounts.&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDTH: 39.5pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Description&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance&amp;#xA0;at&lt;br /&gt;
 Beginning&lt;br /&gt;
 of Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Additions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Deductions&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Balance at&lt;br /&gt;
 End&amp;#xA0;of&amp;#xA0;Period&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;199&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(37&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;397&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
928&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
753&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;975&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(14
364&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;171&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;28
478&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(27
158&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4
461&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;36&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;235&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12
341&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(12
191&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;800&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9
541&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(9
961&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
931&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;21
918&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(22
162&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
141&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;194&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;31&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;209&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for cash discounts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;550&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
539&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(10
439&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;650&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Reserve for customer deductions&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;1
884&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5
381&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(4
914&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;2
351&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;815&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap align=right&gt;
 &amp;#x2014;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(640&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;175&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Total&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
443&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15
951&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;(16
009&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;)&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;3
385&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 1px &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 18px; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;

  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Marketing and advertising costs are incurred to promote and support
 branded products in the consumer distribution channel. These costs
 are generally expensed as incurred
 recorded in selling expenses
 and were as follows for the last three fiscal years:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=84% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=61%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=8%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
&amp;#xA0;2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
&amp;#xA0;2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;Year&amp;#xA0;ended&lt;br /&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;26
&amp;#xA0;2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Marketing and advertising expense&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
569&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11
069&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;10
330&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;


 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 12pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 Accounts payable to this related entity aggregated to the following
 for the fiscal years ending:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=68% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=91%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=6%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;30
 2016&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;$&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;113&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 June&amp;#xA0;25
 2015&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;241&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  

 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;NOTE 15 &amp;#x2014; PRODUCT TYPE SALES MIX&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 10pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 6pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 The following summarizes sales by product type as a percentage of
 total gross sales. The information is based upon gross sales
 rather than net sales
 because certain adjustments
 such as
 promotional discounts
 are not allocable to product types
 for the
 fiscal year ended:&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0,0,0); FONT: 12pt &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDOWS: 1; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;table style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WORD-SPACING: 0px; BORDER-COLLAPSE: collapse; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; TEXT-INDENT: 0px; -webkit-text-stroke-width: 0px cellspacing=0 cellpadding=0 width=92% align=center border=0&gt;
 &lt;tr&gt;
 &lt;td width=76%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom width=5%&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; WIDTH: 46.9pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &lt;b&gt;Product Type&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;30
&lt;br /&gt;
 2016&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;25
&lt;br /&gt;
 2015&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0,0,0) 1pt solid valign=bottom colspan=2 align=center&gt;&lt;b&gt;June&amp;#xA0;26
&lt;br /&gt;
 2014&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Peanuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;15.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Pecans&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.1&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;13.6&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Cashews &amp;amp; Mixed Nuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;18.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Walnuts&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;9.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.7&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Almonds&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;23.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;22.3&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Trail &amp;amp; Snack Mixes&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;12.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;11.4&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos; bgcolor=#CCEEFF&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;; MARGIN-LEFT: 1em; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt; TEXT-INDENT: -1em&gt;
 Other&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;4.9&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;5.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;7.2&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 1px solid; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &apos;Times New Roman&apos;&gt;
 &lt;td valign=top&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom align=right&gt;100.0&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom nowrap=nowrap&gt;%&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;tr style=FONT-SIZE: 1px&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td valign=bottom&gt;
 &lt;p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0,0,0) 3px double; MARGIN-TOP: 0pt&gt;
 &amp;#xA0;&lt;/p&gt;
 &lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;td&gt;&amp;#xA0;&lt;/td&gt;
 &lt;/tr&gt;
 &lt;/table&gt;
 &lt;br class=Apple-interchange-newline /&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      
      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      




      
      


      



    


    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    




















  xmlns:xbrli=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2015-01-31
  xmlns:us-types=http://fasb.org/us-types/2015-01-31
  xmlns:jbss=http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20160630
  xmlns:nonnum=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/non-numeric
  xmlns:num=http://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/numeric
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2013-01-31
  xmlns:currency=http://xbrl.sec.gov/currency/2014-01-31
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2014-01-31
  xmlns:exch=http://xbrl.sec.gov/exch/2015-01-31
  xmlns:invest=http://xbrl.sec.gov/invest/2013-01-31
  xmlns:naics=http://xbrl.sec.gov/naics/2011-01-31
  xmlns:sic=http://xbrl.sec.gov/sic/2011-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2011-01-31
  targetNamespace=http://imetrix.edgar-online.com/20160630




        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

















































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink
  xmlns:xbrldt=http://xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink





    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    





 including related party payables of $113 and $241




 Related Parties





    
    



 Net


 less allowances of $4
290 and $2
966



    
    
    


    
    















 Depletion and Amortization
 Property
 Plant

    



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans

    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    



 Share-based Compensation

    








    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    








    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Dividends
 Per Share

    



 Dividends
 Per Share

    
    
    























 Shares






 Shares






 Value

    


    
    


    
    



 Net of Tax

    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    




    



 Interest Rate

    
    


    
    




    




    
    



 Periodic Payment

    



 Periodic Payment Terms

    


    
    



 Long-term and Short-term

    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    




    




    
    



 Net

    
    




    



 Net of Valuation Allowance

    
    



 Net of Valuation Allowance

    




    


    
    
    




    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits


 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    




    
    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits

    



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals

    




    
    




    



 Valuation Allowance

    



 Valuation Allowance

    


    
    
    




    




    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Gains (Losses)

    



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)

    


    
    
    




    
    




    




    








    
    
    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Benefit Obligation

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    



 Assumptions Used Calculating Net Periodic Benefit Cost

    




    
    




    








    
    
    


    
    
    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments


 Expected Future Benefit Payments



    
    
    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    



 Expected Future Benefit Payments

    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    


    
    



 Employer Matching Contribution

    



 Employer Matching Contribution

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    










    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    



 Common Stock

    


    
    




    










    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    














    
    




    
    




    
    




    




    



 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate

    



 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance

    



 Deduction
 Qualified Production Activity

    



 Other Adjustments

    



 State and Local Income Taxes






 Tax Contingency

    



 Tax Credit
 Research

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    




    



 Nonvested Awards

    



 Nonvested Awards
 Compensation Cost Not yet Recognized

    




    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    



 Amortization Expense

    


    
    


    
    








    
    












    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    








    
    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Extraordinary Items

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 excluding refunds of $168
 $548
 and $292





    




    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

081
 $1
110 and $1
136 to related parties





    




    


    
    


    
    



 Finished Goods and Work in Process

    




    
    




    



 Raw Materials

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    




    


    
    
    


    

 less current maturities
 including related party debt of $11
133 and $11
540

    





 including related party debt of $407 and $376



    




    



 Maturities

    



 Maturities






 Maturities






 Maturities






 Maturities






 Percentage Bearing Fixed Interest

    


    
    
















    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    




    




    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Due






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments






 Future Minimum Payments

    




    



 Future Minimum Payments Receivable






 Future Minimum Payments Receivable






 Future Minimum Payments Receivable






 Future Minimum Payments Receivable






 Future Minimum Payments Receivable





    
    
    



 Future Minimum Payments Receivable

    



 Rent Expense

    




    




    



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized Gain (Loss) Arising During Period

    





 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized Gain (Loss) Arising During Period

    



 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)

    




    









 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Adjustment

    



 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans

    



 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 for Net Gain (Loss)

    



 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans

    





 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans

    




    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 Plant





    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Liabilities

    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    



 Other

    


    
    




    


    




    
    


    
    



 Plant

    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 plant and equipment

    





 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    
    


    
    
    



 Plant and Equipment






 Plant and Equipment






 Plant and Equipment






 Plant and Equipment












 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment





    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    





 less accumulated depreciation of $8
847 and $8
055





    


    
    



 Current Period

    



 Current Period












 Current Period

    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    










    


    
    


    
    




    






    


    
    



 Long-term Capital Lease Obligations

    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Real Estate Transactions

    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    



 Goods

    



 Goods











    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    



 Stock Options

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    




    




    
    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    




    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures






 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested








 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested








 other than options

    
    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options






 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period

    



 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period







    


    
    


    
    
    




    




    



 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercisable






 Options
 Exercises in Period

    



 Options





    
    
    



 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Grants in Period






 Options
 Grants in Period

    



 Options
 Outstanding






 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Outstanding








 Options
 Outstanding





    
    



 Options
 Exercises in Period






 Options
 Forfeitures in Period






 Options
 Grants in Period







    



 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range






 Shares Authorized under Stock Option Plans
 Exercise Price Range















    


    
    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    



 Shares
 Share-based Compensation






 Options






 Value
 Share-based Compensation

    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    











 at cost; 117



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    




    




    




    




    




    



 that if recognized

    
    


    
    


    
    




    



 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)

    


    
    




    
    




    




    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    




    
    




    
    


    
    





















  xmlns:xsi=http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 g21785219.jpg



$!08' D*P$  P$!



G*TM/4U=;7
H*#A(6&
MAXB)BI*3E)66EYB9FJ*CI*6FIZBIJK*SM+6VM[BYNL+#Q,7&Q\C)RM+3U-76
MU]C9VN+CY.7FY^CIZO+S]/7V]_CY^O_  !$( 4T1P
/-3AURQMDCTZ6U=8#+)&[.K;P2S+)G:H&. PRW:K
MT4G?97_!7^?HO4C7E36__!M\O7Y%%?B??+;)++:6V;^%9K$*&&S=-Y0$G//]

AQ


DC/8@&KO[U_
MZ6EOR$[M6_IZW_
_]<8OYO0!?H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 





Z7&LWS(K@
M*(?.A4]7[&D,U* @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @
M H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H 9
M++'!$\LKJD: LS

M

M)&/^F;GK_NM^!% &IIVIVFJ0&6UDW;3M=&&UXV]&4\@^QH N4 % !0 4 % !


A90]Y


JRG(- $U !0
M 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 -DECAC+RNJ(.K

M !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0
M4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % &?K&I?V99!HX_-NI6$5O#
MG_62'H/IW)[ &@ T?3/[

9;B;_GHYZGZ=@.P H T* @ H * @
M H * @ H * @ H * 
2[T)XKI[[1IQ97C'+H1F&8_[:^O^T
&@!;3Q GVE
M+'58#I]\QVHKG

$$=B
T :
MD$\5S D\$J2PR 
I!Y<Q

:


MH1'4183FW\S(MD_MS ;._PT_/N_VMF?^ ^U*')I?X+Q]-G?\;7-)WYG;XO?
M_P!_P  ]/\ AYN_L6]\K_D'_;Y_L/7;Y&[Y=O\ L^GM0K^SAS;VU_3\#/3G

9?U I%&I0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !
M0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4


M[_UQB_F] %^@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * .?UAVU?4$T$



M0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % %/4]6T_1;



;3J&D!Z%1GG/M3Z\O45U;FZ#EU?3
M'%T4U&U86G%P1


OT % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !
M0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4
M'2@#G=/']NZRVK/S8VA:*S'9VZ/)_PRC\: .BH * @ H * @ H * @ H


M !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % &%K
!!'%$H1%'0 < 4 24
M % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !
M0 4 % !0!0@_Y#E[_P!<8OYO0!?H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 

M/6J::ER=?\B;^[S=M'XQT1+QUU!=MH-TA*

C.W*\?.-W&5SSQ4WTN5:TN
M7K_EN:.FZI9ZO9K=V


_P@
M_P!YOT&3Z4 ;

^O9KOR=X8Q!VR%)'&?I0ERTXP[+];D[S<O3\%8O6,30Z
MS?*\\DQ,41R^,CE^. *0S4H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H *




M
7\WI#-@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H

*B#  H EH

9%0XMR7]=2D




M % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 C
J*6
M8A0.I)Q0!D7GBK1+*00R:A&\Y^[%#^\=OH%S0!6_MS5KWC2]!F53TFOV\A1_

_\ +M9 P)]P.\_@1]* -:PTZRTNW%O8VT=O%G.
MU%QD^I]3[T 6J @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H

?K0 G_  D.JW !L?#%XP];F1(
M?@2: #=XON#Q%I=FA_O

P

5E:06T9ZK#&$!_*@S0 4 % !0 4 %
M !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0
M4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 4(/\ D.7O_7&+^;T 7Z @ H * @ H * @


M65G+-DJ



6VH=?
:JYUG1M,L[.[-L@NX&9FPBMDGS%'\7I0 OA_Q
MT;^TN5FMYM0NH+F2$/I]I)Y4@4\,25&?0M0!J_VOX@G'^B^&_*'_3Y=I'_Z
M 'H /*\6W'6ZTJR'HL+S'\RRC]* #^P]9F_X^/%%V!W6W@BC'YE2?UH /^$1

MOIUM&!_=B44 74C2




K


@DA[=\9!&&!X88]:EQ3:;'?W7'N9]
MOXT^RU6TO[2_OX&M+=;6.)70QB


7\WI#+



VD$22S74

MW !^AH 9%J5C/'*\-Y!*D(S(4D#!1[XH I6_BC0KN[2UM]4MY9W.%16R2: &

MEKD5]:W%Q%9WRK!_#+;

WMR?DC^P[F7ZL7Y_(4 6+W3

?K0

MWSNP/RH M7FA:3J$4




M#C=!'B
'W=L#'N
T -\OQ3J/^LFM-(A/\

^I




0
MX!XW=SU(!&
@4 8NE:]=^*9[*WU=]0TFZTN=EDF2
I-)YBE54#!XZY;IE!ZB

!M
M45(2NCVL'[EBRB4'8_\ HP.GO0!(LVNL%!L[1823*2!)V7ITZ<T !?7\'
M$5AGR
C+O_K?3I]W]: !SXAQ)L&G ^2-@8O_ *WOG_9_6@!)/^$BQ-Y7]F_Z


N6]NN
?C0!YQ87\

M_


M$@U#57
 GT0Q;W8/BY5O+ Z'WSZ4 $6K7;_9_
T:ZC\P-OY4^7CIGGO0 1ZX
M[B#=I&HH949R#$/DQV;G@GM0 )KRE8R^FZA%OB:4[X/N =C@\'VH !XAL\!F

M=/A1'O9K!D$APA''8XSGUH ['Z4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % %#_ )#E






9W
W



M_?&!D'VZ4 2-H0D#B74]0;?(CMNO3'S#'1CCK0 /X;TR99EN(Y)UFC6.02



MLT % !0 4 % !0!Q/Q-OM=T[PZEQHLDL2+)FZDMPIF2/!Y4-UYQG'.*ANTXW




L
M0*C/0YST- $^J^-]
TMV4*UR(R%E




TC
#!JUY;R

N\EM=6/G))(V/G(#KR .^: +7A?PW/X?:\$DUD8)W5TM[.T

M) +-UP/\F@#HZ @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H
M * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * 
G7_  WI
M?B6S6UU. R(C;D9'*

+- =-!%KC(\K*
M[3C\/6J;O)RZ[$V5N7IN5(_!WA^*.]C33(PEZ



MZZ1]#N-9UB73;:* I UPF
*S%03LS@8XI#/1: @ H * @ H * @ H * 

D
MJTS L
G.. !CVQ0!HT % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4
M % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !
M0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % !0 4 % %#_D.7O\ UQB_F] %^@ H * 
M@ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H * @ H

MI:;)K]NVJ7%W=3R0LU[;W6^ PM


M[3DEMI^2--8M5COY[D06A$B*F/.;C:6Y^[_M4AD_F:M_SZVG_?\ ;_XB@ \S



M !% !YFK?\^MI_W_ &_^(H /
U;_ )];3_O^W_Q% !YFK?\ /K:?]_V_^(H
M/



U;_ )];3_O^W_Q% !YF
MK?\ /K:?]_V_^(H /
U;_GUM/^_[?_$4 'F:M_SZVG_?]O\ XB@ \S5O^?6T




B.L.<<GRRY/(Z@ H * @ H *


M(B&6
]OD)IOCJUO-'M=3N;.6RMYY)0&D=6
M 2

7Q@O/J^(-/TB\N;8RR(5





M]59I)OJKBOJUV-FD


NCW=S:V;N+BX0HJ(JA
PM

MV.AH * @ H * @ H P_$GB6'P[#;;H&N+FZD





]3'WI1BNKMZ:V!NT7)]%?


ZGX;N8)HXX](5E=2G
H


H&% !0 4 % !0 4 <]XK\-GQ!%8R1?9S<V
QEC2ZC+POE2I#J.




M_P .RZ98ZA9
9KJXFE6XMRZ.DC
0.N05R/KBL^5N$8=E;_@HT3M.4^[O_P
MZ?1=.;2=%LM/:YDN6MXEC
TARSD#J:TG)2=T9Q32LR]4E!0 4 % !0 4 % '
MGDWPVE.L7%Q;WL

#R3S*PC/G
TR@










D


O&
NH897Z^E'F'D(+NV-N;@7


M)(Y$E17C=71AD
IR#1L R*Y@G=TAGCD9.&L5^OI1NKAMH2T % !0 4 % !
M0 R66.,R2R+&@ZLQP!^- K(CJK*ZLK?=(.0?I0 Z@!K2)'M#NJ[C@9.
GT
MH =0 4 85X?%@NY?L2:0;;/[OSFEWX]\#% &#XJ?QJOA/5F*Z4 +63)MFF\T


M-N$8IVAYS_#8[3XER^=\






MK.CIR+O*7X(59N4'+^[%_B13:I=:9K&JM93B)_MVIOD(I8
L*D$$C(P?2L8-

M]

MC/([9XJTDJEO[]OERW_

''+!LYSV(
MH ZB$^(O]'\Y=-ZMYVQI.G\.W(_/- '+?$:*YN-&\.0W$-E+=/JL :.4%H&;

M3MR
;67YMV!U-73:_=:Z.3O^.GR)J)WJVW45;_/Y_H7)_$VJWVG7TEKK\:PK

MM+=V^23//M3



MC5KN/]ZW_ N0Z)XS\1:OJ]K
;IHMUU'#]FNIHX?






MG[X8YQZC&
57-R\\_PXFN]KBMS6C_?L^VS_ *^\Q9/'&N+J=E GB5TL[X6T
MS,94DDA5Y,,0N%..JC..*=.-ZG(]D_T?7]15':FYQ6NOY]CH;G5+R]M=
\V

M^GT]J 'RV\

MGA






]4=0
MP_(T!L



MP\;S6T4KQG*


:TMG\T-;Q-YO$

M Q6T$!S%#'&<;<JH''I0!$VFV
M#W'VAK*W
X.[S#$N[/KG&:%IL#UW)%L[59)9%MHA)*
2

MVBVIM1:PBW/6(1C9^72AZ[AL3)&D4:QQHJ(HPJJ

T$9


MA:; ]=R06ENMP]PMO$)G&UI @W
/0GO1TL B6-I';-;):PK WWHQ& I^HZ4;




 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_TradingSymbol'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_FurnitureAndLeaseholdImprovements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_VehiclesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RealEstateInvestmentPropertyNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OtherLongTermAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_CashSurrenderValueOfOfficersLifeInsuranceAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BankOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RealEstateInvestmentPropertyAccumulatedDepreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DueToRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpensesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingExpenses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RentalAndMiscellaneousExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NonoperatingIncomeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesExtraordinaryItemsNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_StockBasedCompensationNetOfLiabilityAward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingCapitalNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromLifeInsurancePolicies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLinesOfCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebtAndCapitalSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInBookOverdrafts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SupplementalCashFlowInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestPaidNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; WIDTH: 46.1pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 10pt; FONT-FAMILY: &quot;Times New Roman&quot;; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; FONT-WEIGHT: normal; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; WIDTH: 76.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_SpecialDividendsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PostemploymentBenefitsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndEmployeeBenefitPlansTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; WIDTH: 37.05pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNoteTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeSalesMixTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; WIDTH: 46.9pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; WIDTH: 39.5pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsDisclosureTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; WIDTH: 46.1pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionRealEstateTransactionsPolicy'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementPolicyPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersPolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingAndHandlingCostPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomePolicyPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfDepreciationExpensesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; WIDTH: 46.1pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfGrossRentalIncomeAndRentalExpenseTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCarryingValuesAndEstimatedFairValuesOfDebtInstrumentsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfAdvertisingExpensesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfShippingAndHandlingCostsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfResearchAndDevelopmentExpenseTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfWeightedAverageNumberOfSharesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRentExpenseTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfFutureMinimumRentalPaymentsForOperatingLeasesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; WIDTH: 76.35pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PostemploymentBenefitsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_EmployeesBenefitPlanExpenseTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiabilityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfChangesInProjectedBenefitObligationsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetBenefitCostsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAssumptionsUsedTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfExpectedBenefitPaymentsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; WIDTH: 37.05pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableDueToRelatedPartyTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TextBlockAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfSalesByProductTypeAsPercentageOfGrossSalesTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; WIDTH: 46.9pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ActivityInVariousAllowanceAndReserveAccountsTableTextBlock'

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; FONT-SIZE: 8pt; FONT-FAMILY: 'Times New Roman'; WIDTH: 39.5pt; BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0pt; BORDER-TOP: rgb(0
0

 <p style=MARGIN-BOTTOM: 0px; WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=BORDER-BOTTOM: rgb(0
0

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WHITE-SPACE: normal; WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255

 <td style=WORD-SPACING: 0px; TEXT-TRANSFORM: none; COLOR: rgb(0
0
0); FONT: 13px 'Times New Roman'; WIDOWS: 1; LETTER-SPACING: normal; BACKGROUND-COLOR: rgb(255
255
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PeriodToShellBulkStoredNutInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfLandHeldForUse'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfIndividualTaxPositionMinimum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationLikelihoodOfUnfavorableSettlement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfCustomersExceedingTenPercentOfSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_AccountsReceivableMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis=us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNetMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ConcentrationRiskMajorCustomersSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=jbss_ElginSiteMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccountingPoliciesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfBuildingCurrentlyVacant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfBuildingsLocatedOnSite'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfBuildingBuiltOut'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Depreciation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_GrossRentalIncomeAndExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RentalIncomeNonoperating'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeaseAndRentalExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ExpectedFutureGrossRentalIncomeUnderOperatingLeasesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivableThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MarketingAndAdvertisingExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShippingAndHandlingCostsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShippingHandlingAndTransportationCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberDilutedSharesOutstandingAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AntiDilutiveSharesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_WeightedAverageExercisePriceOfAntiDilutiveOptionsOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoodsAndWorkInProcessNetOfReserves'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_NoncompeteAgreementsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_TradeNamesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_AccumulatedAmortizationAndImpairmentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis=us-gaap_CustomerRelationshipsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis=us-gaap_GeneralAndAdministrativeExpenseMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MinimumLoanAvailabilityRequiredBeforeFixedChargeCoverageRatioCovenantIsApplicable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LinesOfCreditCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LettersOfCreditOutstandingAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentTermsBalloonPaymentToBePaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentPrincipal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescriptionOfVariableRateBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPaymentTermsBalloonPaymentToBePaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationDueInInstallmentsThroughSeptemberTwoThousandSixteenMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_FinalMonthOfDebtInstrumentPaymentPriorToPaymentDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationDueInInstallmentsThroughSeptemberOneTwoThousandThirtyOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PledgedAssetsNotSeparatelyReportedOnStatementOfFinancialPosition'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NetWorthToBeMaintainedSpecifiedUnderMortgageFacility'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtPercentageBearingFixedInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_MortgageFacilityTrancheBMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentMaturityDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescriptionOfVariableRateBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PropertySoldToRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_LeasePeriodForFairValueRentRenewalOption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_LeasePeriodForFairValueRent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfPurchasePriceOnFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfPurchasePriceOnFairValueInCertainCircumstances'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_BasePeriodForNonPurchaseOfProperties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MinimumRepurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_LeasePeriodForRenewalOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongtermDebtTypeAxis=jbss_SelmaTexasFacilityFinancingObligationMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DebtDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentPeriodicPayment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtLongtermAndShorttermCombinedAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxCreditsResearch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilityForUncertainTaxPositionsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_LegalEntityAxis=jbss_VariableInterestEntityMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=country_US'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_IL'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationYearUnderExamination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementGeographicalAxis=stpr_CA'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_IncomeTaxDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OpenTaxYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationYearUnderExamination'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsInventory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetNoncurrentClassificationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeCompensationNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxAssetsInventoryNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDepreciationAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalizedLeasesNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsEmployeeBenefitsNonCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DeferredTaxAssetsOtherNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowanceNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=jbss_NoncumulativeCommonStockMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_StockholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RightOfElectingMembersOfBoardOfDirectorsPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfNoncumulativeVotingPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementClassOfStockAxis=us-gaap_CommonClassAMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_StockholdersEquityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfVotingPerShareOnOtherMatters'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ConvertibleNumberOfCommonShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MinimumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeLowerRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RangeAxis=us-gaap_MaximumMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationSharesAuthorizedUnderStockOptionPlansExercisePriceRangeUpperRangeLimit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_FairValueOfShareBasedAwardsGrantedDuringThePeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsOutstandingNumberVested'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis=us-gaap_RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumAmountOfOptionsOrStockAppreciationRights'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardMaximumAmountPayableInCashAndProperty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantedExercisablePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandAndFourteenOmnibusPlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumNumberOfShareBasedAwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandEightEquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantedExercisablePercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardExpirationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandEightEquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumAmountOfSharesToAnyIndividualAnnually'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_TwoThousandEightEquityIncentivePlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumAmountOfSharesToAnyIndividualAnnually'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_MaximumAmountOfSharesThatMayBeOptionsOrRestrictedStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableIntrinsicValue1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationCashReceivedFromExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsAxis=jbss_DividendActivityTwoMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsAxis=jbss_DividendActivityOneMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsAxis=jbss_DividendActivityThreeMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ClassOfStockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAndDefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PaymentToLaborers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanTypeAxis=jbss_EmployeeContributionFirstThreePercentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAndDefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanTypeAxis=jbss_EmployeeContributionNextTwoPercentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAndDefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercentOfMatch'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerMatchingContributionPercent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PlanNameAxis=jbss_K401PlanMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiabilityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_RoutePensionLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPensionPlanLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFutureAmortizationOfGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ScheduleOfActuarialGainLossInProjectedBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInAssumedPayIncreasesImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInDiscountRateImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInMortalityAssumptionImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ChangeInBonusAssumptionImpactingActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherChanges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlansAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansTableTextBlockLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanDescriptionOfBonusPaymentBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MortalityMorbidityAndSurrenderRateAssumption'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanDescriptionOfBonusPaymentNetPeriodicCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureBenefitPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmountsRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetGainsLossesBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansAdjustmentBeforeReclassificationAdjustmentsAndTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetPriorServiceCostCreditMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentNetUnamortizedGainLossMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetGainLossBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis=us-gaap_AccumulatedDefinedBenefitPlansAdjustmentMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationAdjustmentOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodBeforeTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeCurrentPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionDueFromToRelatedPartyAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NatureOfCommonOwnershipOrManagementControlRelationships'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionPurchasesFromRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableRelatedPartiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_PeanutsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_PecansMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_CashewsAndMixedNutsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_WalnutsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_AlmondsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_TrailAndSnackMixesMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductOrServiceAxis=jbss_OtherProductMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ProductTypeReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentageOfGrossProductSales'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ReserveForCashDiscountMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ReserveForCustomerDeductionsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesTypeAxis=us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceOfDeferredTaxAssetsMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MajorCustomersAxis=jbss_SignificantCustomerMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_CurrentYearSalesOfAlmondItemToLostCustomer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis=jbss_SeventhAmendmentToCreditAgreementMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityExpirationDate1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableAmountPerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateDeclaredDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendPayableDateToBePaidDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableDateOfRecordDayMonthAndYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ReductionInBasisPointsOfInterestRatesChargedForLoanAdvancesAndLetterOfCreditBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PercentReductionInUnusedLineFeeChargedPerAnnum'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ExcessCreditAvailability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_PermissibleOutstandingAccountsReceivablesPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis=us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SubsequentEventLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatutoryAccountingPracticesStatutoryAmountAvailableForDividendPaymentsWithoutRegulatoryApproval'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_ReductionInAmountAvailableForLetterOfCreditUsage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_jbss_NumberOfCashDividendOrDistributionWithoutObtainingBankConsent'

begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( *V&$EH#4U+<P(  +DW   3    6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=
M+GAM;
W;W6Z;


M=&JW1OK?A)!CGW/@P.\NU]\?1^.N]EW;N^5LX_WX40A7;4RG732
I@^1U6 [

]8VM;GZ= Q



MQ87?EK

Z_\=K.;F)NZZ]M?JA.2FPN]B8IF/4
MZ:8_-ZJ'P6Y_#
/V/1\3


(36FF!I34(TIJL845F.*JS$%UI@B
MJZ3(*BFR2HJLDB*KI

MR)I19
THLF8463.*K!E%UHPB:T:1-:/(JBBR*HJLBB*KHLBJ*+(JBJR*(JNB


M#JFL#C2B]AQ2U\=43'X






MXUK_9_O+=GM8U]?+^NNIGH=_5#2_-I@WTT%V.L@B06XZR%!?CK((T%A.B@@
M07$Z*)!:3HH(4%Y.B@C064ZJ!!9B%D7#!)FM&:R.X-HS71H!M&+&-(-LP
M9AN!MF'4-H)MP[AM!-R&D=L(N@UCMQ%X&T9O*_2VC-Y6Z&VA9VWUL


?A^YPWO6/KOEM<5ETAW<_?!SK

9#*4)4'6SM5DQTVD,Q9D1M0Q98\DLQ?OVVY
8(FV#Y-+9+D_J9]?-[X2

ZD\H(O#M7*J




JG;UR\
MZ

MTL_'G_KXMW/!=K\\&VCQ6)N=*CJY6Y7 $S4KV%:67:1BF1S 9=/\U0/]TA
MSU2#77[IK*CB5)@.T?P5'X\[Y;7EKENGN39J]$.J%[T$


R/3 A77DR=&$?HR9&OQGM=1$

E\$Q]S ;37C
D0RH69(+G,&0P
M+^:K6.&Y4H7?&ZQX_IPN=8Z%.4'6

M
G('SR9P+9


@-)BCJ\*G
M/H#ARL7=7EE

Y%5J0N3;Z;)2BGLH(E:LU7X
7
%-Y(F;5)D_^X69('*$^P
MO

CVN&[OTCXN'
W_$W]XH_E_X@^O/__C

60N
O\?&

MM

@'?_T<8O;*KNX]


M?2
PAG[-G)!;L0969-F






M+W1H96UE


7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%,O67.!;
M&B\CUNJTV]U6A&ELH1A'9&!]7BQH0-!445IO7RTY1\S^!7+5(UEHP$35T$F

YV?/;$[9^

MX%&[GL*=]&R_I$$)M*-IT&38]MJND::JC5-/T_=]W^N;:)P*C5M/TVMWW=..





M_6@^GO'M^MDDA*^:62TC%I!+@;-!)+C\B\KP*L0)Z&1;)0G+5--E-XH2GD(;

M





N2D5SJT^.7]%+(.&3E[2)1(4BK 

M[Y-J=XS7^BR!;814

W)#V%0E\Z[:)@N%V^)4S;L:OB9@2\-Z








_2

['8QY1%*Y^5I( XKI!26?*

M2-0%J^M)@%UTWD3(#


_8A

 0L*M 8  
8=   /


M81*2






M+
5[4V\ % $H.A04 R@&4'P0:.Y
 : $0

R&MPTD

N1]-

^XQBSE@SZUJ[[93Y%*#I]
.NFMTQ





R 
?.Z-657.+%XW% HRTI9\4D_( $-#1A#O\FJ

M&W#:=K=6_=OYB;KTH3&8970VX)P=BZP@0Q1*&W#2CJ(P1@.T-V#LA?031U1.


M B4-&XM&\5'B$4.&8E'\R9$B4.4



[:SJ-I0
MP?;D8PQ1:'O

]C+_:(8V
MH*5IJ5F(0ML3UG:H@8YI/RU
XZ=P^S .O4K0]N0G1\2]D3(MHM#VA+5]@+I0


M-6V



M(\%VJ_@.W3Y@8B 6\:=C9_EI')G-/W/^8B:_MJLX-7M@/=LH$X+JQQM;L[XW

__V0NA]P$

EC@;Z#L]NM
\S_%-FCN8G8$? 

M[S)++WS[ \0](




3B3H.]]M7:8JDC+
TIL\C@ZZR9TG
M/=LI,RSU6$#;!Q/%CU,7.[?2[7]02P,$%     @ K8(821]*JN=R!0  ^AT
M !@   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
BYX;6R-F4UOXS80AO^*X?NN-?QF



M&QWV*U55;G5H=L?E9CUO^]IOUMWSN-\=VZ_]8G@^')K^OVV[[UZNE[#
&[[M

Q-^[]F5X]7TQA;_INN_3

MUMW^G]W=^)C25LO%77O?/._';]W+'RT=PYSPMML/\]_%[?

UD


M4%U.$]DI&.G



:G2?DVQ


RW:9 VL*

Z%DP=CP


M
HD8/@F]2\K




MQ
5%]6_Z(*4)WMNFT^OP8
SQ
8KTYB!;H1_447;VEYWJ6V'L9;^/]+&78CL$





[EBA71


MHV0Y02O6+PN*3=JL4)L5/&*V')^C\3G


$%     @
MK8(82?;]1O&!!   



[\0HX:R*I_Z,44Q_+R565E58Z;AR?]0TO=GCH$?KT/V
M;U-W!_F/15=F3?7W?MOO!K5BD6S+Y^*UZG\VI^\E]4&/9^:JIO^)D^O7=_4
M(621U

MB_6J;4Y)=RS&Z0%W ]Z.28;
R=#[;AC8*6


J\BN(SDA-V#4C
H)$-=+


M;5RT)='
Z&P(4D

G4R3F5
VY00 X%G$
%R C#3*0L8%K'

V02BBE0C)J6#&

MF+-RAFP9ETVNP3UH0] -\!OM
R;9S5# I)QATAAW*B2G NZCAB!T+N[E]%$3
M
)M:!LL#IE





@$(9?
&
*2#
M^5(*R:DV2UD1U4F@A8
X(U$0+ FG
M38NSU

\YE?^VP










MMD[S[ L=-
M]HY
5_**R:EJ%#D*;&^@N2BF$!I-7\+3 J#8OR;Q@4&H[
M?39SZ9O++[3HIJ=B?J^R_U!+ P04     M@AA)N/U0.Y4$  #)%P  &



&?


M!#!&!@@($$. C
@ 0%R. Q&: @0%UZT&2 A@!]Z4&2 3$$Q$. H-\A@8#D

MN)R%'UU#-PSOF85CE)]9.D;[F95C8C^S=DSB9S:.2?W
DV4$]R//@$0#$K99
M0U/';U



9TI$TH\MH:E(L\^*K[$58$Q(JM.UQ::
M::+/#5


)%*_-!R

M&YA$C4@H;G_

J-T \?3.X&&87Q#N)4R.
MJ-\ M94Y5E0!QSF_)-Q1F+
4JH8#I!*JB.07PSN)\P9E7' 9JRE!$#MD8Q

;G!O8
Y\R!+



MOT)^

4XR;$
QW%3+ST=AMP<KZ;B2GHXHZ989<WH@<(\4SB.)
MRO $T(CC%;8F*OXRX(
K\X?3]F;^3NKW@['.G@IFZ8L^A/'75DVIFTH^J8F

X7?__L_47S(


VAD
MS1LDX+ 
5M/%-C.$!7[5T


[
1

M2G?H?D'AH






S
MNO!C]['MAPN+U7(QM=OLZNK0[9I#U%;OS[
7\51(



M.Y;#]!!/%F^'(#9R9$??V1L[QFS'6[M:?JV$
LO%UQ#HBH&162
S$0L;W=L%


R'7

FT]RXB=
@ Y*F$'[A+NO*C-/M&44,-,F1\S.
M=*&9)U\0!TI R!T'OW7JA4SW=?(V#O)R28HR5C5@--
!BQC(?V:R1Z8Q[]&
M:X$L+-$H@NPHAVD18AFOR$)=*2$6\P(*6 \(*=(J6$F6X'4L$A)H??D@1Y
M$CNM'33/_ 9)JA-

ML:+)HRZJB?NBC5^TH;J'$^V@S%ACY51C+&DD
XL*PJP!!]QLN+%&-%= :]0!
MDPS\)@6X-=#
DUC#9#^QX


MWS2 3(.=9ICHI=:QX%+P! H3IUPZ(Q,+9D#-@O@=P\@8^ L#Z&YEE7Q9VQ

A=]QL(8#;GG&J-T!S8XI

M5M;V.-W$V77'%5G%F4M

5!(44^])O5Q*=



M9#
@5-3: 0  N00  !@   !X;]W;W)K<VAE


.9S!#.@CYH6H C;XX:]4ZJ+7N5ABKO 9.U9/H


43KV@XM*H1+9)0KH--M-HG%N$ ?QH8U





MF_OGKDDIA 9C*WR:!:@V[\@4

3 N


M3O (4@8AW_CWI/G5

%F<RM7]MFG('2!2<3#A%D0S*M?;9'3






MY_2GR!?:;4*^$/*5L
VB\=0HVOS*':\K@S.Q(P]GM]EYN DB7IEX;]:/'35-

M@3()E/^9


M970Q
BYX;6R-4\MNVS 0_!6'Q#*LMV'(0N($Q3)H400WNFI95$A.0J)&4E
M?Q\^)



MJ%Q0X'XYP1U(&81\X]=)\[-E()['L_J/.*UW?^06[E#^%K7KO-F
DAH:/DCW
MC.
#3-L@V%TL8OJ0;K4

A7PC?LF@\-8HV



!#\%8(?$
JR



M ?ZL-D?
MBX(@%\)GL1D^#]A/@2DA_-@6;! DBH75#@?CG#(T@9A'SC/[/F6\M O(P7





NTW(9T*^$CYET7AJ


M61'

SCF;S#JW+@'?S@IA/:DA
Z?[+Q %I$![Y]=G=/






MWJ\VNW5 1
 O 9






M5A(1DJN2E)7^??F09#LPVE[$W=7


-J+F 3O1\3W

M9C-*:FCX(-T;CD\PC; -@A5*&[^D&JQ#-5
H4?PCK4+'=4Q_MOE$NTW()T*^



ML$DF[^-F#'&;/^


P
M$/T5RQ]0 R%M%1&DIM5J]V&EJ@^[SPX

U4'BIL;'*!W?QK4BEN7ZI:900.O TE)EB7)

ML:@6B6*O\=5]&&=XI\LG6G7=E
R%;?1*,QT;!YA.WOPT3L0
W)]=NG-P


M87D@ZRLM/P%02P
$%     @ K8(820M(D[:D 0  L0



M^7



&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$Y+GAM;(U3
MRV[;,!#\%8(?$$JRDQ:&+!.4:2' D$.[9F65A(1DJN2E)7^??F0%#LPDE[$
MW=7

M-GY)/5J':J%0HOAK6H6.ZY3^%)N9=IU0S(1B)7S-HO'4*-K\QAVO2H
3L0
/
M9Y?O/-P$$:]


MM_.^B&?R!J_*@7?PDYM.:$N.Z/S)Q@-H$1WX]MG-+26]?S]K(J%U(?SB8Y.N

$%     @ K8(8249CJ :B 0  L0






81UCG_RA7:=

'31T&K\ICE:5Y




)J+


L^=$R$_C1?UKG-:[/W$+SRA_B<;UWFQ&20

MTL8OJ4?K4T42A1_3ZO0




M#+&C4MR\[4'BM*

_CD_K/.*UW?^ 6
M'E#^%8WKO=F
D@9:/DKWC-
CS-L@F-TL8OJ4?K4)THEC^FE:AXSJE/ZN[
MF7:=4,R$8B%\RZ+QUC:_


U-)[0E
M!W3^9.
!M(@.?/OL9D-)[]_/DDAH70CO?&S2E4J)P^'T0)976KT#4$L#!!0

M9+LPVE[$W=7

(?:14ZKE/Z4SS

X)Y]9LM





M^R.W\(#REVC=X)O-*&FAXY-TSSA_@_
(VR#8H+3Q2YK).E0+A1+%W](J=%SG


M     M@AA)_IT\!Z

MD!2[




D@9:/DKWBM
W

MJ]+@1.S P]EM]AYN@HA7)MZ;]6-'31

(AX39K

MV2*GM^AY:O$Y?7M-WR:'V]GA[G.!XEJ@2 +%_T9





M1


M2P
$%     @ K8(8265'@)BC 0  L0

TH::
6D









M T#AURD

'OB[ =E#I:AQF9 LH?




M%/XK%C^@QA 2$A&DIM.T/4RJ^K ].\0!5!LSVPG=OY]OT*2R_X]EW.T3''



'QA.0+ 3HC&^8WK'!9#X V6-3
8AE)TF,.(63TVR8(FF1?(9DQ&S(),UD&3
MM1?8S)B,F/RQR29HLO$VQD3C\GCQR9YT3W FC&9,0LN#G;H,G6\P5?L0L
M*#R*@RYVVTC

^






M BL+MO)JH: W GNBH3G0^\W^F'M$ +P(F



1




MF:LY\ME/2KWYQ8_F@!
? 3C4UBM0-YSA&3CW0L[XSZQYL?3$Z_FB_BU4Z]*?

4SS)





Y


M




#3RA^=I5MG=F$


M/$5

M]'&1W6J1713(DG\4F3%_?TEV-3@)N@GGTY 2!V7CW);L

M:&5E=#
U+GAM;(U4S8Z;


(%X#)C-
M@B!6?=4BQFOTV-/C^_3DFIZ$I- CQ[OVRO!;9!8#NUF*RU&##'&;.];Y*N
MFJ230'K#9
;L[IOL5DUVDT!VPV3&_

M=D8106HZJMJ'2E4?9IX=N(!5&U/;A

M92%'PUD/;PKI40BJ_AZ RVF/8[QLO+.V



Z=D#7^G#7/EHYX.5_4

M ED0R.82DZT2 ^:P8-+;)OFF23X+9/\Q63#Y-Q-RT3@!JO7W4Z-*CKT)?5MW
MUR?PD/C&G^%E

5


62&





MN)ML[VGSA-@3XHFPVWBSLBF^84H4N2#TAVQ+Q==-!P842T
M*Y25VVU12V
M\*_%4FRS?'-#U@'/'D




M0+)@
F+2=9/=K



+U?U+^$
M;IW[

MH?&RN)39_E/!+E[H!A.)IXC9K0CFU#=+I'2+G@9Z^CX]NZ5GT6$6Z4G^OL#^
M5F ?!?:QQ3S9:C%B3@OF/YK


P%/T5RQ]0$P)-%1&DIJ.J
M?:A4]6'FV8$+6/7V9T_GZ\ $TJ-)T7O)WMZMH4H]+OI@.PZ$-P:0ZXL[;?

MR Q4/WG%R-![S!\\8;:SOK-TA9D(57
P'2
61AN: [S?[8^X1 ?3P6@N


\R783


MI95$A.2J)&6E?U\^+



MO-F


MF##'!?-W$W:UIPI
'Z^.)0U.VJ4M7:OK[7PLXIF\P^MJY#U\YZ87VI(3.G^R

$%     @
MK8(829('1&FF 0  L0







P$/T5RQ]0$R!I%1&D

ON!E
? 6

M2P

M5?ZA/XM:?9[U-\P'
]R @@$=#6A@- C (!@-@MAH$()!^!DA-1I$8!!=&7AZ


M#%7

MA:8X Q19Q*%X'.@_S**R=Z R T=B. MB$!_8:;V !!)['XC!&]$!#H18Q8N
M8GS#\0T;Q@N80 4S0P4O!\C0:0AAC[PGY=IK7@/(- $4INDIWC&4ON
4;SP

?[:H3B
M:6@]0HF%8KS.*=1Y:E%\-


MD1WS/?^9-_NB;IU7(;OA2\U(.R$D[W3Y=]W6#MW8/=Z4??[RZ3?LQY$]8T4
MQV&N'H?[Q3]02P,$%     @ K8(825ZO0IK? 0  OP0  !D   !X;]W;W)K


M[/*B!N

M]2(Z:
U**22GVH2RPJJ30 M'X@S'83C'G#9MD*4N]RJS5)PT:UIXE4B=.*?R
MWPZ8Z#=!%(R)MZ:JM4W@+

E0)Q^^K%IW=C[E64XT!X3

MU2MSL$Y3NJ/-TG-&PD6*SU;H!A
[S

AS
MR

[WJ6^LBDZ4=

;G8GJS
MLO]02P



-O$#N]]R&$)\Q
]&


#/D@N%.M\9_1[F*LZJ:4..K$
OJK<Y86B5O@]GF#%Q.\:P.2)QZF@)B+%T\.EP.YU_3L]&ASPX

MF%-

UP

MZK]02P
$%     @ K8(828$\W


MR4Y(3K4)Y1ZK3@+=.A)GF


00 #


KM!&'



M^0$&[TOD6&JF&K47E49ST5Z3&



MQ]TV^!9M=I56&

[DJBI.9N!F) ^NVBC








!#\%4(?

M=I
2:_]%NX
V


3NL 0CWD*&/(YH@Z(G

V_\\;92&K JZ<
B



WWM\0W&8CU*]
MZQ; H _.A%Y'K3']F-=MLI?I(]+M22\6IL:%JL.X5T,J3.,-I'\QIYV(






M_%;WJFNMLTR6=J2WT1432O1@2M]^UE*3E7H(WY+S
/U?HUF0(*I3+3N9X+
I7;4B^*DD.D
MT1R2

MJ9YS*O_N@(EA@T-\3KPU5:UM@F0IF7A%PZ%5C6B1A'*#M^'ZD%B$ _QJ8%!7

?Q08'M@1@D&NK0
UP@CTP9H7



@J^;J(^+:(V/N
1Y__X2*Y%?#);3(*W/EH'6;AG7K
?!8_Q^P]



M&UJS?N6%WE#XJ$ZEU 4_S_R1=Z@:VHJ*M8#3X\I;A\M=HA$&\*NBO;B9 ^U]
): '0$_$'P;Q1S$CDB29YSU0'1$?QWA4L&Y%E'*
!+(YD<OY'P+X7L 6U]@)1/<F6X.);5*+4.(4)K



(5XQO4 A'@!HYEXNP$8(HCPHW?_YH(VE)]








ME/NBW4%IP4\4C#C]]FO3NK7W?UZ#@39-B 9-!+[$A'@CQF9 \)0#(;DA

G0_P=HCXN0^9.,A;\ES$_&UB=C7&?LZL^Y0'(M




J6F-<9RWP
C\HE/
M


M\GD31
%YXG4X]
I



M2&]#CI8I7!F.R?(PS.Y3C:=61?@?U:2+85(?9G&9W(5Q3*2SY*O[6..QI(S+
MY/


ME99=D]H@%(;_2B;W;H!\J1
SLZ;3:2\ZL[
7[34JFLPFP0*NVW]? L35]B3&




ML9WF)L



DRD+;:'9
MO91ZC* )'WT


N@I
M]KU27RDOG9KM5==
=5O82Y;M*'[L[XR7BVO^%U!+ P04     M@AA)S@61


.NK.7+93U*^NL7/YH C%P$8U

M^6[IB-?SB_IW7ZU-?Z(:GB3[





]^L
_]\

^ZN][#Q\1WWSN\*D?:



M !V@I#W3[V+X#F

3/;*7*S3

+OK8#8ZB*ZS;!TF]5?E
5$:A8]!





^6J^!LLR(K1
MW^U.-BHM#(


^V-\_1OBF@




V$[M_/7[D<BB];8Y


_*KM*?@=I:^J\^.P]4/%0%JR
M%\HR\N%5*1ME9-\\A]K^O^9JOZ/;E_T].5^#O








^F


M3FXV7I77*HM1&5TUT1W&!NXLYA
1*790 H=0.#;A:8(?$R3W!*G-
;$$Z]5C

;L)DSP6R4&1W!&D]R*]P:RLB
4H?ST6



M(Y;
@[?.T06&]YA[Q/!P'+.R&#:.61L

F%]&


MJ80:S-IBXNLDDB21F \Q'L[:8&+)D^0Z34S2Q$@33= 8#&.A:]IF)-4
'Y!#

NG0?A#D


-7
!I!#




M1T!7!&B3F;J^88GKBK

M92 7



MSAM#DO)(V3MO1'!U]/?!FV0NR?HHBO6S)@_DCW9)2_;D;L)/;!?Q/2-X

MK3._;8#.#4SC
WY$W<^;-3-XT]N0U#,A@XLE26RHO4.))
M;E8Y(O;D7/GM


.2OL6C-A28HN)T9TLJD
MA.WT[LR#-3V

$;%7++
MTSO3EE)!9++X


$%

4 \[]F6/< LH:^*#
M1WH


M/3@U] 
-/Z&:0\(-MZ@AXM?9G@A%K9:X3@N^Y;/NQ'.07V:^DID%H1*$HR!(


(26SULSL.5-.8*I'YFG8Q!@V409S2UC%

O:.5XI5R$^YN_XUOVJ(T^]B4^0].
#?
M !_JCC@;1-D9*HZZ/4(4LES^6^(Z1W89&AL-W%/^FK%W+*\'LD%1KV\[XY6K
M^ ]02P





KF
6 R:[/JLO!D.B_+:?#/6363]H$^O'8%(8
M60





MZCX8BG^5\FUX^+Y=AF2H0=1BHX84I;Z\B[6HZR&35OZ#2?]K#H'7]U/VKV-W

$R0W1;9CDQJBC0


KB54D01%PB!SU=V[(JE5),4$#@V#I(3-:V16C0P[
M0ATBAGE@V;Q(;A7)483=GUV%85R#EN.@)1ZC!L2Z3L;FH1*?%&#MX!KJ22X










YYX:TYUDPLN$7N




=D#:0_F-RB5(HSF)9629-%CB/ 6(E1UAJJ&



M2P


@HO^Y/[4ZHVI-]Q!QLC?XK&=R%L@5$#



M+GAM;(54VXZ;
!#]%8L/6(

ME&1?L&=\SO$9XW$VOFN&@-/CGKU#IHM.Y7&*NB 4[5B^BA
RN5D)QJ$\H:



MD#PE)!
AN2%@7XH[B#W5-


M









$%     @ K8(828%M





D#P1HG9FZ






ONGT-5%UG;
M/=9O87.N;;8?C(H\5$)$89&=RL5J.;S[5J^6U7N;GTK[K0Z:]Z+(ZG_7-J\N


M\B]5]:-_^&/_M!!]#C:WKVWO(NLN'W9C\[SWU$7^!YU^QNP-;^^]]]U MTO_




J1Q2]-A5!S'0C &3*0

)'U)S/TI*

\(5(DVD\ = F4
@B5S24M0

8B(Y4?T\3
5!D4K47DE


+Q/
*T$#4*


YH8T$T

/@9T'P-&


.]UH=%DJCUGG=,S<2!]^;-5LB.:=.5NT0=)&<;%]2U4$H


O7VEHP\WCG
MS[QMK9

MA\P:KD6KW#U:'Y46W1 21QW[\
4B+10*4FB@%,4
MKRFS*9^E!EEH- 12OD)D8@Q@U;3@EQ:%A*7E3.*+J^)JPMC&%J6, 4C<PN
MB*;,C<4L(8IABAEH'@11C






V1T:4/HH2RU8 .5@2HS@.PPEFI&Z


-%DE)!X0G(AI*.$U!/2.P)VI=B'V!)%
MBESP'LF6F.Z(%AHNC(A61KIZJ1_6:@K[M$5^*B;S


!:




1W:PJ5A.MSCLA/U4-H-$WHUPM@UKK=H&QVM? B'H3

M%=TRB()SXJ

X)
M\4()J.$I<D%T(Z2DA[0GI'P+X4]Q!;HDF12]$AU1+;'='P*45


M5)NY-P04*FVW4[.7?A3X0(OV/-B&Z5K\!U!+ P04     M@AA)\')SFM



MY!S&=U'D[T7BA[GW+HEN
#ABUA

-8#-X6

M0V/*H4XY72:(C(L6V2]:;

M*37(8D'![%NP
2Z8G#NO9+8;A


MCYA7 K
2+/=C-8$0+'3

M
I\.EL=Z3W[5P[[IF?-*N3BC





MU

G
F
MWO_7F5PP^+D)C+PN9EM+Q!

JM/6


M9U[5


MKCQQ6P=)IH16*O?/2(.[M%C2X\?'[!SB1]#-D[R+?TN8GDVH0+;A*?Y^*Y








:K(@]%CF
@*$QF8R+9
K&&T

MDEAA$P.;S





BYX;6R-5-MNFS 8?A6+!RAG

'O/
IC%Q1SI['O&7O7BQV'K!3H$*BE5L!J.$(%A&@A9?S':9XM-?%R
M?E+_9JI5Z?=80,7([_X@.Q4V\- !&CP1^<+F[^!*2+5@S8@P3U1/0C)ZHGB(
MXC<[]H,99_OF,7T=4+D-%"+.[A-@1XC,A,97:9*:NKUCBLN!L1F+$^F.'
M&P7G6D0I(U6,4.=D-+DYJ;(XEGD:%/Y1UUA(H-YLIAP0?A*?=4B\M;HD:%'


5_23U2;KYKDSB2]

N


M4#)) TA/!.B24)D-$-P8-4=$J+'!9,'IT^(#5[D S6=*1H[,GLNZLU



R 46M
V9PQ




.[UPF7JIC*?6$FV?NH-M7#6U%Q5K$Z6'EK/UED6K +\KVHN;/M+97QE[



M;?*L(T?ZB_!CU0KTRJ1Z
\W3=F!
IZFZ@^AW(  \FZ
M2W$;*FS^'U!+ P04     M@AA)[K[(E$  !A   &0   'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E='

M*F2 
]FX_Y##Y?'W
MD*(=KO]61U;RM)X#CN@$+S5[P_U/I,<0\

]JU8^

W=A$X-GD@Y<%X

M#Q);@\3*(/$F@AC&GPCRR(P&65B#++2!=65U$

F-IDH=I


#_


]
MVD:MUL,&0K5O*2?J3@RT-V\:(3G19B@/4 V2DMJ9.(,8H0QRTO516;BY)UD6
MXJA9U],G=21<R+_/% FQFVTC

MY_1OKEI#OR.*5H+][FK=&E@4@9HVY

M:4-



0'Q%@=0W9.\W*E^$UBW2-LX]555#A!'VAFF06)@DP^=PR
MF8?QFD42HUD8KZJ*L59_#E
.@N3!ICU#1BOB7
TNWV!Q8MP'G\!)9M%R3S*

&ULC57+CJ
P$/P5



MX#(P NC69*LQ
50*F%F0W)=RC2H

ME(?2YV:B43.1
1-.F &

$KZP


B

M=

M:&5E='

M60

MPYR4M/E3'T0EU4(/'

M.9@W&;1I[H3 )@1C DHF$T*;$%X3(EVI4:;K^H8%+G)&!\![K/YMM))PID@D
M


M]/R$\/Z$R!01VB*RYP31/8$);B)+L'Q.$#L5Q
8BB.ZK[#0F-3X8S&(9IX]!
MI0/T4$KBE))HA@SYP2ITXQTOAF94T$V949BS#810P?8TJ#F5''TBEC:8V8


EA





MCYE'!

MX
M5G\

3WW9[?:.[CV(DZ9.&_&
MC1TT=1B\R


M='

2YX;6R%5




D?6^%^+#
M!K_*51!:\@T%:!FN$(6V#

M(!

M.5BG*=W1YMDQGX=IAH]6Z I#'&;C



M;RKKME-H+[2YA.ZN5$)H


O

BYX;6R%4\MNVS 0_!6'Q!*E/.H(0M(%!3MH400WNFK95%A.0J
M)&VE?U\^9-4.DO8B[BYGAK-+L9[0OK@!P)
WK8S;T


3Z!\_\+5)<JRQ0Y39N+CV:
M!+G-761(65:?8]J




M'6WZL*[

MQ=IV8-(K_W&D[VL.@1_?1_9O9KM:_C.5;
7;W\U6';3:. RV;$=/K7KBY^_


MW 


MG5


WUN[!=O1TH


XYD$IM/OT)E.



M;G0S++_!YC2
NK4A8=!6O\RQ[I;CV?R3QQCF#F 8PX!D)(!' /X:T!!B08


M5?0R)WK'L(5Y

 .]%=@N3F9X:A@


M+&^KSIRJ

M6@G$/WC)730A]?$20C'Q$ N$4D$^:0



M=45GN






MHS@0A5^%\@







# )H#Q!\8 3W;2






?#

QYE[K%15%KT\!<.A,NN)W&MX
M;T@T<ZG:]!W8N3LQWM1%N]EGN9%]&Z(+C!TQ#PXS.(Z9F4Q+*'7
8_ D\77
M
4\.0R9

DEP3

M?+1 DO%T




0 H)
MY M,*0,E_J\(J.S]\1#M1
_JGY7=T/P*I5^Y1S?#+=2*J$IXCO=Q5Y_;$R#


M7NI?DKC0[^'#\K4KY;V-U[[_I?K)71$OTNQ1SUY6]_FR-LBWLUGU
Z&+V^0Q






M; KRUU(7R3Q)O\;WRR32RP0F%2^7^3



M%[ JV6

M.H8]I6^9E;1EWWJC5]B(Y4[K^(59TZZ'RP7



MMV\S+RM;0*=G7MNM _:FTXDZ/5D]^'W0;^]?P-MDDQ8)'UXX]8VKT3SYQIGM

9HD;\IU/$_^^0_ 3
JD^)K\
MX5]T326\NS[[UY^O+]^=W\[^@=C#W2\-IWZ=

MDW9;EZR^P




M8\%KM+F0Y1MA5&-F






MK
)] FN:[+6B+NQWYH%-Y


/CW+QT;E'Q_?A0XEGD?SC5]W&9SK_OED6Z



MC
9=?B.K/9Z+]KCS2E]UX0

YZ
MT5Z[/J3FFG-!6



M:&
?F1] WOMX-L[D/=A7A[NMSZ:SG_7[R^O/

M[-5XYQM?I#=X*U!W@0!K.T9]X@1UT$5:KO
R=8H(66FDN#6H5 T^:7TLW.R
M:X'/GN+L$74 H^B2+U=6V[P)7WZ_!;6$_9E )/:NM[49)XVC+-J#.YR6+VB

7C) *E35/VDYM6[*.R]Z#

^DEWOSE]FSZFPAU[WF[

&RBBX9)]OJ+KNW/=T;_]^C_U[.*G



XZR!7/DG5FMX^R%6/QKFZK\P-=#GF^R?(-:






M:EX4O$=9(0@&#C]7-QSH.BPD-4A+P05=M-^L 
]I()B:[KS0(DDP$$/FR:)%'$SV
<Y9FI::$2W=VRR=@
M 

MQ



JJ-7AO+





*E@U'ZA1_PS .,C? _HR
MB^

Y

T








X\ J:J0Q6)T(T$+A)3;

QC_TCM99 JMA$

6-Z;%J]M%1^[N#N

MA: 

M4I

3NS^(IA8




M4C$

M3M9FVC.Z+]*=;[C/;5XE.S[QXFRCO.@4;Z!SG6R(L
A*$3UVHP=7!P;A65
M'[O!UYAUUC$7^C?5/9@&#QU5F-KL)
O2ZA*8 OPRBX7#(0FWG]7!1


XS
$P21TCGB
D_X6P-\ZUL/&@U''8N%
B2+XDP
M3+2&



$CC$)&@6']']EBPBF(:
M[



M'IG635#/





MB:HQZ7=I$@; %O0X'D60$4 C04KLM
E1ZHZ#5/(Z+P;; YY7@Z2_^WM OL?7
MGZ_J T


M4/V\2ZM1-M&8-B2A..@#HFR@[O:8YPLGQ;DP67;1!BJRP?,;(_$KR^CIS;





M&#E2Z!%O

MX?T)H@GFAFZ/2
HCN 22
?XJ?R%$Y&/O+0HZS.B+^\

MD!R9U9[!G$B 

M@%X#Y$^$Z7-#U$]*3OLT7
7L)^55@1S%
D'MI1K@=QA@XUBLD7-F-)QVY09T




;S%'AS9/\$V@[_8&J%;-48CP&
0BKED@98+SD8*J8I5Z]
MTC9S3



MO'CV


CD\:[2%7Q-ON]ZHF8_L8O+(





%
V_RWQOSKZ8+)7)ETH=CV
3(5!JP3@S8O7#SU^W7_^C





MXWJEY&5:_U\LS(#-1
/E@BH8+H(S[AQS@ZFI-#%WK$2:;VP*(BZ.70BT/H#C
M-YA


'^P8WZX'D/Y+TZ

M@=\4B.

VG7 /IE


M/5F_N^G53Q=O+\^EQ92J=:7R

M1(EJJCXZ ]=5H896'2[9 17BGGJT.(@D ]GOWUBO[?GGZXO/R&Z]GM^;N+




^

Z.8$O;


MYE J2O_8

M?8HUVH)@P^5WSD;@&$THSB]KS1$ OANUQWUQN3#B3'#F42D1ORY=WXN&HP&G
M3KE@#






%LYX;'^&/2&2HI




]1

M]@


M*5Q
7*^V4';_WIOWW7+\4XB0

D0)&4)
NC






'L9T69TVL.DF1
MES7

!\*/SF*RYMGA*UEL']#?0GU]600FO/N:KVAB\V8G:7DC7:


MQC8!!?NXTP9!A#0JU!^DJY\8[K3!:K?:3)@?QLNHB'G@L8P'O

M*=!HT+

M/B';!+5SV6&H64$-C85:#2$QK;OD8#R:.\E-$DPV'$O9B(0R#)T(GQ^/D3;/



MGNP@\QL\/_++
%)B

M!NXBAI0&L[_;'NC.IOOLMFNQYV1W-P;]^&7P7!D,PEJ)2[DVI35!.F-AA
MN$O H#^0;D9^WKYT _%V2K1['-*6\E[

M1)P;-6V)K:




AK+FLQ#A#_D:$!
M''R$;H2/()1/QU1*''NX]L;BY6-I

FO9$C:L2L=B/

ME3%EA06$@(*

5(.=9)YF$3EQ;^ /.





QH

/D






MYBAW^YDE3?I70.'?'E[;(\6
M'!GX7(X$TD

='#O$!OF&FJ 1M,U*7%+U,1NYE=T@H&=;8X+8O8?V6

MD:8D+

M9O&GK['B

4H].:0%\OO&Y/R]
2J7'FG%3
MKV'E%+#*@\H*TB@P54DO:B5-(&Y)

H2A$S1!E<337Q,+'33%22,+)9JO/@2.32Y)EY/F+%(QQ
MI$HRB=;BJBXT4:4;TC09W#E;:Q%3G5F





;=B_00@+NR=P
M_
(?OL>7F9L;BSNX*.32(HT-O39(8
$?.:W


MW@DB)!M=(YL*]PWG3_[@Q'5D
D#P:%K0_G/%8N%$]5.ZIC1DET;3
J.39YHC
M[^K#ZVL8.TQ@.D9=PH3(MJ+LKU:)I%^;W*XE]92E$_#.[Z:T K&\#3^
\V

M: 4@O




9HZ4V0/NGWF\VE*FN&ZK8;$('PV%A0\#6N*U^$@J6
M(@5U;FO4CA'3OXN9LYUVJSO&9#%L&X??]$;T\; U'#2^RZ:23! K#E-#6Z.Q
M[K2&C';1-6]I[$2[\Z9P0;F! J\H2.K2
]S!^B\P*V+N* 3!_1P?

:;+#-NF(JEAO/X1






&CU)^H3$_1Q?Q1UJ/ZO
VD-)SY?

M==PF 1LTYNHT_4=VHGYOPBZHQD?JQD?BOGJ'FT94RT

4]/6
G/3]5/WB.V]TDV%7CX%1##K=&C5;Q0A7OQN-1B
REVIID@V-
<'K/5=$4'O!2&8.\9UR$&BFE&2S
M?KMS_

M@_5AYH@Y$XLB1D@?ZT5880JS+'K!](*)-+?YEI+C
J0]BV9AV GY=.O,)%%
M0:X[SUB0Q[ ^*4H1*%.+'%V7R1(O?]'EQXQN0O=P# GK@:A5I4ZFW:XY:^
M\8^$2=QPY3(&[749WX-Y1S1,:\,U$U_8ER;(M9QC!;&+QPU)7XG%G35-&;J
M=@6

7^/8VEG:
H^
8WJTU39F*+I
M[T%06N53+9\-:1IV

M.93UQ)$
W01O8Y]#;M#A$RM@)2 J'3Y\HY*D[19UOFWARZ)3U
X$HL[OUHX^





TI6-&A/


X&!58CS2

M'3Q1'7R

;F) 3AX=6#TS:F




MQY7Z!M/_ZNWQA
3XPA?'ZJQP.RUX


ME 4&
95*Q?!

TGT.9^0I!3N6-&9J&&&0;3'W

S]J#^:8&2-J.85S8W5+W;TJ8I6



MA(%W#:
^I4@=X=/&/7SM9P
4&D8@CUGD0UL& S#80T'R+?LO*@(N%'S,V=P
MX7LQ'9WZ4%X&.Z+FJYAZ-@OKJR$(,K@S?X'[@D]/3O[^.'CY?3N_)V^OOOY


1@
0JXS]*)SHU$3)=SWHN!
-!) K





2V[9U




NF?I?&XPW8(+GO'K':932&.-?$'?&]/17RQVZ_HVMQ_R)'
M2%)]AP7D


##IMH7H(DN
BW]YN'[=*^

8-#1X:09


M

.&AN3#A



M_-9!RUL0A\=H@/\


:I!LE/78UZ$?:APD[(G0[RG
%XC!]B:X@+#^G9
MPT+L].!V+HJ&DZZ0/)]4 RQ]T5[2(.1$H51-)D0CVD/L,E#&UC=*.JZO@V
MQGHT:ZVNV6+&I%%.03W2[=:( F^M]HC^ZO*/(49

M-!ZA+'3Y@WC6X1MDN'=E@]JPSCW:H$$GZE%T%CA2U)L

MAKL)5^][=O1SDGQA



U
N
AU$P
M

@_8*,N*';E;B[5O&??565
MPY&2D4*=IU<K8G]FE-#3@D_IS XNF0FTN8JUYB'#F;U&&[+F%O7''%G\H
K

K]#E3:VW7
LM.ASD^

=;F=A!D87?_QYE
MWD



S+EU..





NTOT E3ACQ
J&--@EA6

IN-B4+S+Q=(/#XVYR^'BMH$&O6PO#+H53




[




M/YF$P:.#YGU


@A\*JL4(*
MM&%#12M0UTA-6O8?([H##2AYJ%-X2;-]=;.((.:LJ%Y]9/+R5Q 9BOS;?4

*#20JCK;H@UA5S?IV#0*SVUI*G[0(^7IL^BF
M8,KA-/\:[[N1Y@P157KSR3HW[1Z_ZV+EOEW;;UWGR)C




+D2W4,A^61RZCC1TBB1'G$(G8B)(YL-%GNW\</
MQ@ =_EJ65?N5#JM#-MAF1CE/_#Z3HT#=+!QV(M[@CK(!8QQB(V5%L [T$\
M3UR:N0-05416YO/3

3).=#QCT0B/GNF(9?

MO:G1JQ+P U7G![5C_![$+=%XZ(\7#(P?;Q-$CN'.X'Z%P=_H
12E$LRG]H 1
MI.:2HV6/
0=#;3
-G-WY$D
M
U#@P8Y^AN\-4R?*P(SI36(QF-W%D?'=.G0E
M$*^4_&\?T8(!^9&?T

2^WK@FYCH


.)\M?#WA:4S&W#=]
MPA#0TKG;AH25ON-.ER0V*:4X&,$R4&XCW,C6VS+Q?K+!-ZWUBT^!9+CVNR&
ME3\ WL!5J@0-U?C:@-UF&-[4&FACI6
@TH3=?BL

M=81I?J-^%Y
J'& LYT;W.


M&

M%OLHI8^-N]6+G

894
RY



@TL*C

%UKC5A*:J3C@?!2\88T6R7TU\-L,_J5_'AN+E)M33-!^;FL81#JO.
M'I/ZPV7%IGZU;R!KB@; 4@\J
UVC

M]X;B5K3D&)%00:(M7&.T9Z2[( W-HJJQ*Q@OSC;*]^]VLVAP02CHA+7Q,4/
M;N%KR EZ2R2^XWO8W#+8HAK/R;)68VN' @0/OL-8:A%W0DUQE$P^%0O0_Z
M9%2OAXOZHXGN34K&M'40X-QUYU5W9T];;%$W'COT:?M5;7*;NL:YXA
MKEU

F7
M1!AF64_B)MJB



MUV0K#PMB6O)$YY5LRFV0@#CE!1(4









M-^P]$ :%$WQP
(4FIMR


MY#H

E E31$5X]'U$]J9TN%VQ-[V^-2.TP2

MQ1TI9GTU .]]\?T#_/F[E\?+V.A$ PL8Q;^THUZO79-;OHKPLU$1&L_/GDO5

M/]VC^=0W(.@K4]VP S9DW]M@X8?1D(#6.Z-H2/@Y'6Q;6L






M

+.^Q-D:;PAIVXD




#=/L:6@
M
96E73?A)='GS@HQ'8NXU[@QLQ-


M:=F9PW$%#@
D*2'5C6DQ8*IW)
 ;KI^)1;NXAG)


M&[%G1L.)=VY =\ZDLPVKT'LF+@9SQBE%U:^A1([I*BC)]4&4KZQ[OIHF&X4Y
MLBQ


VQR&1D\SL8FH]


@N;*A;@%:\2#5+Z0BX;-C'K)#-KE\

M88F&4G*+Y!P+G D@

)V
SCHJ9!R=YHJTPO;%


M\&MGT(Z& X)K;
.GO4Y;G7.%*S(5VL*OB;==;]3

M*;EA93XS74AL7RQ:@]]^_8]2-6ITD60\I[YQ,*NH6? K0 M')9P(Q8$;,('
M4)HYMK:'/JG[8GD$E*PB) \SUPR#






M]M

'=
MNV/?PPPLL1Q8NQG[5;O;^-FVTK;ZSC*E;G8#;$*)!OY@##IV7WW.BR^G:79J

M7HH#Q?1_^IMP5 (6%4SCMJ@1]/_TBT#CPHEAC8

MAGL





L1G1?JB@DN;U:1J4(YF/IH$VZK($.;CR0EKWI#N X#7MZ/3+


ML#S.@/7

X1
MZ1H!1?UC_


-5WZCX8X_;.L


2;*6A\@1QF\$WW2Z39N

!VM
M

X7^R-):J0-T*13*:RY+%;\7

'1BJ*?R6.)'%*+#

MGK@R\'GA=!*:NPJF+T6+X\N
N2$NR6I*A*-U#&/SA425K6
?A&:K'L7
ZU

2!
MU(A










M YTQET4X*% 1PPO]8R3O

-#1]&I]V ' XYU!J+\0]I:YL5,] V5%K[P@IH;
MC14/VE@]!J_+5Y\KY.B@;B!D


:8E

 Q([ )['OX_$FV&]M$5%[JX?X_R(


K%(DV;D%E-3:X6^;1G=;0P<

M&H4BDUDWNN4(] JU;J*BZY8O0=F9X[O08*C(Q629)E4Q)5=UFE?B9+O[NI0\



497

M-BU$M9Z:M*(7:?MS[\K1@NEAPO8IAQLW&BTR/A17K\3@588LA+):I2N )[MT
MVG_^^/T_

'AIQ$R726@FMB@_9RIRYGR#[!

M2<6)LP=Y[87ZY8.-]P'%.JI2
MNNP

MSM[;OK

## ( Z2*A&SC?)^H9Q8X?YDJ'K


M


M*E!\(WZK([@D7(B3XW_-'[;_#8
L1/(3E)$7XR+.\W$:9]/Q)/J?^0J+GHTA
G[W+RQX#]66\ /?5HXB<::

M8A89Z

9DD%;\[$]D




MG 

Y+HX*\'MP


M-H




MGZ_$+ND/0E%PGY+;0T)D)W@-;K=56;@#6ENE;.TS[M.R'MZF=\OU\N'X$*R?

F%3L2G;OM4'Q?O0^+=^56)G9\


M-05:V+K'ZZ9O==



U5JAD


M^LY%@PY['@=!94]8YR'06*_%G8BQC$.T@0;KM]S#BQV\90-(P.+\+?I
_?+:

K\6D9/(PGG


+
GLM!_78+4([T(Z;\

M.K!:X=ZD;\4TCEU

MMGJ:%)Z?R5M0)^^+[^\.8E_





MU$.
 SG4?H &R%NB%-/XC?O+P#?U_8OA9-6\@K+18=OUM]]H*?/]4VA%)

MZU3HM2'71C/!+R#8CU*PSP&0'@P0Z




& WRY
J



L/'%ULU':?]5.]:_MW0=J/^.87[&@7PJ=C[O'FE%


U0T/$&WYK7Q;I2Y=IK[BG/W91
4M'(JZHZ


G] $ND!3I?6]A7



M+H?0

Y+6&MXV)3'E 8-HF:;!G'WO:$;?CP
ICSJ?

M-LH:[_94W?=0(B\7=V- E&O[.@]^ZS478LV#GC1LR506YKE@J25YZ]=%\%M?
GN7@) )BIP':YKE]P
MNB!1



+(/5

D@SP%/<O7
M)(G%1



MGHPV:?!



M&69#N;#*
,(8
M6Z7R9O6%9L&B$:7M6YU-FI.! =:0I?<WEFE*T+(KG[*I=W7:N_7*301I;88

MXA/;VH





$Y3]V$
\\?9O=T]
MP3IT A[DB.IHBW 4D?GQ3_CTGAU]: ]J,+$-;+(9C.8.6
2@HCQ%J'RY8




M^-M^?_C[_P-02P$% ,4     M@AA): U-2W,  Y-P  $P
M    @ $     6T-O;G1E;G1?5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *V&$E(




4     M

M;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( *V&$F, 0L*M 8  ,8=   /                505
M  !X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q02P$% 


M A0#%     @ K8(821]*JN=R!0  ^AT  !@              ( !
1\  'AL


4     M@AA)]OU&\8$$   Q%0  &               @ &P




4     M



M 0(4 Q0    ( *V&$DR28#RI0$  *\#   9                ?\^  !X

M 0  L0


M
BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     M@AA)'2-W *,!  Q P  &0

4





C

ML0


4     M@AA)_IT\!Z


M965T

  !D




M A0#%     @ K8(825RM$J*E 0  L0
  !D              ( !IF
  'AL


YX;6Q02P$% 
4     M@AA)_X.YQ+
!



O









4     M










M% 












M         ( !


YX;6Q02P$% 
4







4     M@AA)LV8S)WD  #%   &0

M Q0    ( *V&$E.#NGYLP$  8$   9                8Z[  !X;]W





4







O




M.#

M ( !&^


4     M





M1R2F 0  L0


M970Y
YX;6Q02P$% 







M#@


#$V
#8S
YX
M;6SLO7MSV\B2)_K_C9COP/7.3/2),-RH%X#JGNX-/'M\KVUI9?7I.?N/ R8A
M=
4J0.0MK6?_F860!( 01( 7V!;

M)[^\(F_T5X-H

MSW_\#TT;W-P



YJ57RZG@?@Q^[!T:5Q[J9%=&B\N36=/23U@_ 1?@Y1?
M8PC







Q+Y@!D]0RXL(8^*

'NI2![5HU$.C2:KT7#M)PLE]A-1U
1]?P4]1^^\D]=

\?PM
^SJ;#/P]#112

M
XF0OB:



V0+



[LN!+E2/+.+\C:P7^%(XLMG!D$7X&1]9NK$?0H#-'EE*@



M2%9;'?'9RK:DL0 !($HF?$/V#1Q8(-/V--]T*&:5P6:W'*9)AUFZ]!W=\JUE
M+GK%IW-PT&6:WB91F
Z39R5*
CX_%56XYYN^[DL@@[ UV
2PJ7TJ-2Y!^C'A


M

 .
M!/

DRXNTP-M%^G;GL%
2^
&


Y@
3U4#1Y2T'[0<B_+@!XO.%-\
M7DT:V FE##Z(X0VC=_&7$YW
(SN8[C/3M-HEA8R$.S'*3SB_W9))]F+%
1V
M=



M:ZT/KQ$SL

DFL6)BGVM$RZ]&(^7RH&W*KF1!T%;)J 33OZ\^A(E


M5Q!4#BQIF&MNP8




M#R
7%
W

I7?A\
'^);DN:A/_9: ].WC[J'*N)L
M?+1NQK!CY\ /B[_YWS ),2HE(TX6M$\7^2CG+8VW&D@5@TIM^^TSGC+=%QN
M6 QEIP_1Z+?I=(2&^!_3Y

RB9

-+3B!])KSIS[[()RTK3H^
MB8JOO_I5TDKX -^U]2&Z4
_0B8P% _!FVV+R/=R$(&MJ0FH'QMTX[?;D1F'#


M7P&'


#O*)B&JF2G-



MV.+


S9^ 9KIMZQ]D8S8)62!F
$:5YQ*,2K-0^'V*(G26?=F.D@/IDNB
MNMOC_,3-#<1Y35,=Q[6D$1@:,SVP4'5I:-)EKB9TH@N0Y %WY=)U=_HM-SI
MNAFPD[7


M!MM:O=

E=9GT5CW*.#'7NINT +J52)DW





V!:[


M9D/=(3)&!9AB%H?CJAM$:9N6:Q*AF4(:&@]


6()34B7#_P ].S]2#71%[]

\
MP7.B
=EB


77KI?$] -W4 6/]($

0T[?_B@/0.W-NHP'H
M:@(]5P/0J7F(#?W=#4 _T'9I- !]L5J


I4-E-73!7.L6WD?3^+'^6/^':DWC]Y.
M;K]._Q&%R?[J2@MM/3 )B'R@GJ^#RLXM+C1)F:ZY@6-9=D MU^*9*
'$/%GN





'M

E5XK

M-



 \(A4K:5#X)V7T]O;YV8F'$K




S6DG)VIETUT'8GC81L_E9

#_CV@R8]-N_!G4\L](19 H


0#TQS3Y\RWZKH91;I@L*DI/21_J&H[$


MV9*K3L]6^PXE.Y+_UG



?5F/*JDG[

M^2+'H
!N0[2_9P9LJ1V&Z*9
WXX^_KS


M!^NP



MD9+YTOM-


M =


M9%NV3PV.\S3^!F62448-G%QM6(9YS/!E/B
DFU%^P%;@QPGDGIHRI!UE:MSB

B9XP


M\NVXEC00V.F)S2N2T.3+G,UH1,=IZ\'W%VE?.IO=&:*8GI&;#UMLB+QL)!





.0.*HEU

0WVS.JS$BU/E

M30^#;&T]T@WY 0F*CP
=KWOIT


MX8;F+)!=^19.J$O8]T)OPOH9FN-





(FWPCIJ%;6P.\M
8L
MX[;K8J6E3ETPRR3Q-
L(+

=?4;-474

-;572

?(

;E\;Z((2\@&
M1-$[;BBZ/(9 HIAP-
+862&0H \.)OL$UE_F6:0C?#H2_CJL
M/,F=T1YQ7QF@<W6-+'C4]P+;UGQ#6AIW=5US;,\

MP9ONJT-:88P+Y6!B3#^R-\WX)'

4J$T%8.[_I
2 SR8_
V

395K/._X1






M2^B2=+.?&X1R&QD:BV89^AN]$


M8_HF%;81




I$JG0_S:RN7%];

M6.
-X YX=;!H86V($(?
_Q





:4/C


\(*S!TS3.Q9;_O&IIMDN#OWJ!8^J<4S^+FPE
M2R0Z#-IFAMGZ1D3+YO=)F&W':+1@53N)4Q#2WAQ;K64NL?
8=&U-6-#_-*O2

M::^!;$E&/+AVT5/LQ**


ML5XR&U&3WBQ&:W3XHUAII%3UDZN)%5$FR]T.VUI%/-4W519M+V&LTL?(
MR6 ;SZ/?IM



K6!M
M1DHDO



MB')R%Q'S QE@4%.Z%ABUS*:8WE,\PW/-QS;-(F[J% 19GD?;T519IEO7OQ

MP]*]][)CZJFPRDE!1R+$66(=O5\ X%0F1/Z'YXT6X_J7FYL#QR)JH9M*47

JRHLB_
F1&L(M.H4SKHJ
O]X;TP@'2D,_YJU^%47:4[8!16=7'IS!.LB&+6$OV#LZ??KC*;RGM4LL

ME^JM7*IY8BCNHW-$^QI&A=BK7Z58VQ0=T#6H!4CFV-P[&][6UT W41H$9[LJ
MD=;AM$L?Z3T=5(L3P7:082.HBJ\@2Y
H^9DOPVN.T16S
FZS$9H.N?&H;V75
M)5E?/?];E SC%.222A#


M@LV5A&/8=?;H
9[@E(
06ZSTV3(7*EPBRM;$#B[ZWD/V6#N


M

6;O=!^5A^[TMM


X


MTR$H#^$DFL[3
D_M-)T_*MT7H[K#/)WE




*91[IA@H@%W@&TJ-




Y 0GHE.N4_4[#@AL:0B -F=)W36!&.@W(;ZAV6 ':X9%
M)?=


HY*(Y_;WA7+0


:8EFT&XZ'\[$J@:I/:2AZY_<@'RC8I@%6


6H8T
M=HYGV ;W7#



M4@/-UV

MP*7-/%-S;.62=SC8%C86
W-=4L\Q \?X)%1=F

)SO/TO1M6ID?)A-8
M3VSIJ\2/R@'L$/$50%2Q?VICHX(!JAI



]()9EBT\TL[MT
MQ@L\=#BDE4Q1H/$H3Z[]& WGV=P#


M



MY?LV!E-QF&57L*-LB]I3Q-69 ZS@:



M6[3ZSXZ=O-@




MT!5ZN?Y
]:(L5_UO1=%H0*(D6$V;*3'T E:BX*3':Q?ZC#7
#RE)%#C'S;

[G)&FK*V![4E-5Q



4+41DX)EYT5QDV@JT/B 6@7Y0&Z=[!&J3S!#TM
MU]-Q?*LOR-$RE!#KQJ#:A=CI)





MHD-R/.J766U)UG;3_Q8EPSC%5OR8(9AW1#FQV)06 QO*U 07P!BN(S1;$JIQ

M[GH0S?VY?:VSQ@I!2S3O2[/F




MOHO66DYQ(T!5
H!-
8S/4'= I/ LX7)
\W3@[#((






 N)%;SAG.IFG=IK.'Y6!@LD5


M4@[66V# R7T
&N-^O18_$8/A1.EO\^@L3JZB1A+F%
H]PQP78JH#1*#3/
M-#WF&\R50N),:254:;4M]W9DQQ8:2 &#FQ90P-I+ML-4VHD0A1R-4\
7JBE
M%#DR9@LL'9

[-GF+FP6
NA68TP
\1
LG7N'6:PTN@1
'/$K.:Z
M4AS#V2O




GWYU
M5\QA7

XJ?
_:MBCGG29^%;




I8G7'GQ0E\
$W2
ME9/\,2H:D(UH?KFI%!Z$!6+W*_6^&I88^G_QO*A /YM]$DO^/J;E_'_\+1

MEI$@QHK%.9O!G90





Z1UQ-K77

\S=5]%HTVJ6'KKOZ.-3


/
ML-E L^./=3K@N8IEB4?6OE55 RP2EGH367&_'I
\9]E(%[DVQ'KU:U7Q.3&]



MXE4
8S):]+
O#48#JCAC4!L.Q_#
MTS=L$PM



V+Z!K$.,U-U_ RH9\,'6 P=LS3A$?BJ=W&2 KJ'
M)()WRZ+Z*Y(  3X_#Z(0[EJ\@OHNH9Z0$V0Q![
OD[K;G\]F#\AZ891HLC]
K%F1
(WUW[^/;_



N6%% VM'@.Z :%354
M$R]4VT$UHX9J_+!4:R OB-Y*8 P^WP
]IG!T_$_7]?T@V!9M.GXB=;]93.

F'-O?_:Z'C)?TTPWUO=

M9[SG7RW#6II_7^/9PR@)O\)#[I+IH_K;(W;8SFW29&%4_[#RC+@_WTS! !T\

=SU4$S

\6+2]Y\$XG_E_]*]^


M2@LNVEX?_V[#[7A=V?#Z^A /'P9QBF%7+.(55DQF%*91^D']J!_31]C(?(




=6^E+E%QU04*?
;RGO67'$PQ')Y9M$#$H8KT
M9FDD0 M8@#A=MQM_S-
U2M5ZC7-
*@FZ@'DT'T=7=UYT%R6)&J^5C0B ![W+
*:.;\J-RX[@Q9*7(J<?N0;WAA;B%^[#R,[^L<:+G%%@:Y,L,6
MAOK9-]E^3_@N=EO+-U\C7VMF_32-M[%;K.WDR^@;4V3TX8E7K;66;86IR\G
MVOFVVA_3Y
\H25=
*7]^.=R^LQUH2'EI._!B]YLJJG_95'_]367J[-(VU5_H

T\?J%V4REX




M




MW;T#R^@6#,O^CP[UH04WV*V'CA\W73UCC\J
G I)K%+




M;-O5 \W7!=.X
(1F6U)JW'1

MMV]O_/?PT

M.)P

M&#\OGI$.YD_3R6U8U\/1G&:A4R?!],$GC&*PMG#ZT$Z__S?T7 VF$T'PRB9
MA?$$=_ HQJJ'],U@L=/A*^,17I0]$M8D3/!-LE)5+)XCP;PQL5OS()OT[O!
M
(G@@7!=&B5?XF'T.FMH]04$T#T^I%CI^F;P1S28I]%@.D^*43PMPEM2#.\-
M'J
 C^,6,(V&IP$BF2X1^1@YT^+
+JX$*;XAD=
*Q O#Q(8IF;S!:









4ZY($X?8P'?PKR%W*396
M^*^$OR8F_(PI3VMI 2H10%VW%AU7\?#7\+I$QS!\9=H_/R2BE:SINXB$W9
7-RH
&[I]=T-;?[#T[V4^

M\3#PA2G#I*= +VM*O[[[AB/5\O#_!H7_&QRIMB%=\_!_'O[/P_]Y^'_;#$\;

;EVRQ7G_,+G^)2/HX^<@$.<AT-QKGN<*YLQ)7SNJMMF&?QZ25_]\$U


MA/48C^!=#( $I8^A')
G_)O



M)'Y@P-H8:4F$WVC3!@)LP^MY%H34V5#






M


MZ


[FWMI
M[-.25V7*;BAYK[1:.BN?WU!T&S+F1C+JGG-4O\RVD]I2U]4 F3)9/ZP2(U

V9

M FXH?F.V;LGHHF[57
^/&ZR_9C5R



Z\!8YH;/CUGL2
MR&A$_/;M#TVTY;
K;Z&*MM8 5^\)8#5ST'[.E09SY905NRT*)W@3&IR;S^EX
<+=Y.^ 8^*92E@CL+LI!*^
M=0RK='FN&B:H+_-;S3082GIIP!."!J)UA4-*K-;AGE29LK,I3U &R1Y\FR

PPS(5F04&CX3N%O
M1; 

_;]^AA:%?Y:MW(R]A'0P$:8[E]#N)HD7W;.6GJM'/K.\
M2??12X;]O_



6'*WC
M2)H-%VW=[O5ZW2[
0G[_
^Z48J/LKBPO2:O53*OYHR''O^?+7\R(0V5'-X[0
M05
E\'43

:/
858 IB^
P@+;* 9A)&'A;*

M

(!D1:L3[T0\RYO




#G:G09P68EM]Y3
MG^D9Q7E_BW.I00++EM8W-

:Z$P

^/(IJ%_X3)\&(__6Z7)GH




_K

MI1Q569(E 


M.:CLSXTZA1D&_ABO 6$^K




K0I\NX X&]*)S\UKZJ59T4H2
M$-;MG^
@G
?&&L:LW!K2@-X &

MW%:\4320LJ:Q?AON*UA 
[Y^%S2_$^%6^P8@[MF\H1
//A9SIHW
(7
A


MJJ1;O8[4L3N:Y'0T6W;Z'=GNVU\

MX]'O.%I'Z:N2

M!7VQR.QU_X^KCW] /T+WNM^[O!4&T.O'R]M_TRUWM[G.TC2:U@+C=A4) W*7

0GYCO6O@0@#:;@XY8





MGD.V


MP8BW;2:RXN- ?\%9B,2*)0QO6/&8=E'_!C!9$ 1GNT+4,6\%X#N2
AV'(8
MH.[

MOME14E)@]C@T\%N





M.D/ ZTT)AI#8\P0[.S3LC0EF+A*


MW765



YL+:




M&.(A[+.8!$RWF7I!4F8AX1TBHKK&+



(I=\T#)G9Q9_=YP


1





M?^MSWU


?M

;#-
M[D59-VR)%VV!E)'&;B2HRFJYKBF*UMF(Q+S2E($A5ITM%21N8&40%]%^@?6
ML(C\8%J6K BB=(QE,^[R\\)TXP(S0*A7GTE_*S,$PH-&R2!UF9Q.23-VB
FPS!\57P

!)QI/M$60I$8;Q8X'GYB7)

5]BY=4-A7L7:@\Z@LPT'A2H.H0
I-&6C= F/I

_'C^
M=)^?/8Q\?F

M


N@E95.


U.PLD$KB





ME(6M#


M7&CF(27.BI/TM8KL^S+MO&0ZPJHVEUBYE_I_TCK\)!W=4!VW(RF&A;A%2E^R



ZT9C4[:


MRRC*)R7TW:SD-ZP952L*9=**HVP@97]SY6B_-:&K.!)^\Q)_7#6MB+2)@]X3




;JMNUMBO=V;00PWH0:A:388.E!-ADQE6_4J!5C;G;*T
MJ2+KD=

P%LMLP+


MV#^N\BS-O(@BSW@9U5B$]6GE;3+7JZHMFJ9])J815;MP6N?E:LZ.T3;;
52J
M


UFV2UFZ)09R



MS:JW
@(


M W7U/B&DG:7H1;U]&Z0%D^:'RBM;IY
=;+)MVRJ&J
IZ2[9*:S=&FZW
'W:RN+9M.]0W67XW
M/Z];(.=*$[ER7OK;5GBX+UW.VW=RJ:IHJ6=SZ5$545;JF2T_N\Y+2G*N-)$K



YVOTA?



MZ[C ULW55+GEM7E&M$8/KN8SM

M#FIQ:975L19S5/]I2OSE
*R9I;T\!6FXK+T*#/.+UT4'%I]U,+IM]2]_.%

E@CH14IOW
@PBPH(*=RM&Y%6;\2IX[&:HHFO@8#M?AT3M


CM3K*=K T'H]M:M^4;YH
M[W]6%


M%W996K)W:23%&

GJ3KG&K4
M30?/)$


604G


MYI






MV*U&$8S';O'8K=;$;GU-B=S*)WV$$!_3J+FP:V-FZM2=1-J8F=JV6N]


*OH+&$-%(@S6IS*KNFV[%D
M#$GI]6U)U]6^Y!B.(74U'?[3TU19=KFI]^NFWI)O5


MHQUWGDBSVHL&X?OLEGWXK4QK3'AHK5VC1&7FW!//Q*T/J'S=K-


M6=LQZITLMVN?FYV.\X7SA?.E
7;MMYFIETS;_I@

R^IS$_Z%9

<7E=7G
JT
L'


JZ
M%3Q$F;\/(D3;P+0P5X/OH2W-:+9HJ'9;WKW!R&ABBK#; 8GLZ)L.$VNB')



M!]/0MUTJ;2NR7-=4SR1Z@=?RY5QI

MH&L
=
DP%4W234.5W*ZA27;75CH#BAK?^6K\U\1+[H-(@H/\!Q-70?&9K9T?
MZ

0&DV!IS39'87V


M''D3TC[_JRW*SMEMC -
^M63@BVOZ=-;@O
/0


A9LU/


GV7$73
M2TC'2\FPBS;B**4W$3=)
9
^749HE.7Z9

B[Z5XCC2]\*0^





[FNF,PIQG@B=
M&-8??NH%;P3)ZDH9(\Q?O

:&3P$PQR'

MS8
UPE8%;3WM!:D?QBF


+S_3C'+X$M_QN/L9YOYT*X\:(1B.#I


V?
T@/=!B!6IWW3HV4/4LH&1\)


:4C-@__%GT2 68%T2

MQD



J2X XU)4KU*?&B/$M%


MG=/












R=</Y)7\H65'XIO=?\E
AS#'21[CSTL O8A[G#5



M\/O\KK9811%531



)5#H\D





&O@RWGU3(TX$?0+
MU?CN#=)C579 *S@PQ6B2]-C5G*QC-&#;I,CND[;JGC37-UX+:+AQ!.%6_+D

!66KY3%

M&-OAK_&O'Z)MD'Z:*JHO%







MM#(D4IA%DMB+(4[? CF###K8A^@C=7HARKVX4,PWP-A%@AZSK9
2C'A?75


M6$Y/\)E%%(4^K$R
(




M2DO(7$0D54MF


MS6


?XP($
MF1A)M
X]O0R6&LS*()+9C915MQ\%#X2]![^01UCI!; 5;$@8*=Y\@ ?LK(N*






[@2V3G %91

M4@BKQV[=.=7:M7*+9CQJNVS=0E%TT;)Y%&?C(L:;/+:OK;OCGRM-OFWRL.EF




B^LG'


I[1S-H(FJ;+1MK^PZ:\2]4



MH9[/5

$ PTVB(

M


TZE]JUJNR(FE-S8%ES9JLJ



=M


M





M+Z



TQW:QBK#^_F?Y CJL+GGV6Y.
M2OBRVT&67I-4N(E_KA1%%
9Q93-*+8ZJ9=N[J[OYY
\Q/5Z!3?/I!M/I@D9
MDRB=]? Q3FN[JSM=R^WJ;E\R.JHJZ6;7D3J]@2UI?;VK=#2]X^JG47VZMM+(



TL%%]D?_^O:RZWZ4W(^7OWSZ02BO*Q^\[VD;



O36V12)\3Q!K.



H[#


216@ZRT&K3:DH
M2N-1]G@

6J3^*8XE.W76RST&Z-R]L



W[F/7C*\FE+


EQE(ZD#[J.Y'050^KH

+W*LS2#RUD0W;O#

8]W_9;IK1!D.8[]4YS5
\IASKNCDTY%C7QTYGX%C7
MK4




.V@!A%U&H





MA.8C(*51Z?1ZKS@C#=/#UDM4#$UX#B&:S\D 0_%'4C!A31&F
\^]&P!U/?

?


@
LSV2^DE RVZ]<ECNU:!U
M@&RA M*F&HA'?==SN3Z=$ME]Z?MX)'RNT&_NWKK&=[9N')UD;G%U2L]MXCVX
M
_AG.?

K'$ID-S/)C(_Y;
?
SF[D!Q<


MU[CC26+N#0'5_&W]3*(BMXZF\V;D!;U*W6686W]8^IEJ@86\^V'3XR7=1-

Y2)CNAL[QYIF4@\0$@W

.K


FO[TWIU.0R(%4482?^Q%]T2*R&,81.2]\(_9T34,
M'O#O?_XC3Z5[SYO^<../R3 /R=7HC]+&[4;#?^5 L=%S$-V[18Q8+TC],$[S
MA-R2IZP3QOY?/\,0A'\.2?!#/\J[/F:W =IEGA1]LF;$




M/W7_^XZ7!LJFLT@3HD  ]P^=!$'F1'WCA

NRWO1R^UU2
MJN6(LKPU'$O;9JL ;_6SF:VFB(96


MH



.#)YSP
=\GF/FAJ
6YQS(ABAK


6E;U.6S.Q%






N$814#XC8YR'0\$;C8B?P0-8






M%RS\B@L/5QUE+$CT-
?E/0Q@!

MGDQ%:J

M@L-%S

M=I8S-




OG E%C
MV*(E-[):[-LD=D

MG-*RI1[SPF^]IUHM]69?LP9.ORMU!H8LZ:9A2;8L]R2[:VM=U=1=Q75XPL.K




7HVQ5 ZW=

L0LX8-OIFTMZKHHMZ_.Y=;.$M%1:BX UIS)*J)J

B((M\:ME7S





M[L.U.9
U1

X&Y!U333T!MB83T!M:AY
!0?SYGSA?&G X#93GE:075H%4E%/




MCSWER%IH;Q^9+

L$+JS0TD5*A)SE.''1)H;SRG+







6$
M
#V&*MN4$VY13HCE@

\Z&
M9N
P^GS

%



#B[%AL#F_0W4/(
MT7FS]D:% P@GS7+L


MX\B@L2:'7E/T$E+T_AG6I'3W+JW]D3N:W.CR]&US83.KLO]5.687;@?%0%[@

M]E[=JFU90E%*8[;E6'N5=OL XGA'8


H8U9EP-?%T
T]!@=Q85/YBLBOA4F


2' 4?9*#_57=


/_/QE2!UL#(WV!&8



C;YT49$6-]W
MI]) IV^IT;Z_*L%.J?1]?1?J_EQ11Q%-%I)&H:2N9HVB[;-$^T';J (M)7Y.
M5O-[@N!'=
B%M+



4 GZ'4=CP^
M@TEH7(M-3BD:J;V4SD7C[7GM;Z[F?

J8
M+HW+Z(=TMP9?*X4?TGUSQ?;OM\?A-*7#IKK'K(I9%;
JSZH@


M-L)K;*JZ
44++URTL%%:MZE9Z+4WKUEXH
SAI3Y_BZ\V-0LO4+.0)9[GLM+3

M!/%])L.

SPJDN9B()4'\ D0D209$3

MIE3
WFLG\6T0
EH0_EM[F^^1+-2_P=8EG \\
I=

?.L -


LI1



M(
^.

MP2;=!?B.0;[Y/FS9M!1MIHU@Y^RWY#BZ $O+_7Q2A,PK+3[I:-0W19KI#+H
ME*[D8.NQ-NH' )+_1DJ/+K*0S?+Q[-55P7.K5 9OKSGWRA=2O%SA]QI['B5



MH
;'G*5G$@1+$XXYP







M(K1OQ

OH539


MZ:5?0AN

M]5JS=
3=1A\9=^QAV)4@G CYV@[9BVB?5N_-J)YNK;MCW-\R;N
R]OF-I!B9
MW-$2RZCI\^'H@N

MM]5\5:CYHW653

5./^E=$_
.Y?

M=NBJ=U F6'3A?Q&A#-Q?PB*MJ_#2WS)3T54-O#Y0I'3FT/9NOBT_ERG=[Y



MY&/@WWR4=\(=1I&(HR^!)YWY#LHMF]U^;S2$

CQK
M-7NGO=YV!'D/'WL6#CP+!&?]G': ]R3X[VR:L)(1IZ=*\V/Q!-&.3=*]^^02



?[=VC/VX%=!L&
YQG'=8


TBG 2UZJ@[:]8%]E%&

M_\*/XC A^DR6;RS:PLZ7]@C82K+:FN_E+57F1FSV !SZ'__Z$5?[YK ?+6


QJ#6';R I_'2

/


3?S4_8:_/N
MEF_NL4)


5C70U#5

SHXC6-??2:A'.]R?/E^-K5X!= 



$AN9O0/+O@D%Z3F\#;0=?5
ZH5M)

M6HJPERJHMIM\S)2- ?M==;LP:.(BXJP98%[CH,M1L&@1T'D_&M)7T92]O#

Q
=


2<J@=)+2[NP8+\IH
MF4=EA\C2FO72R4YS4#K9*;FDM$E2&J63E%ZO;()R1$KFG$+[ D<=DLG-XT#
MD)LCN!HQ; E[
B@'?


MY6G$J21V IP9!GF*1/[=%4*

(HN4:@



;2+TTCRX



\1%5K17E5KS%HMYMGU7K]
M[+S:[K3[U6$+H9&:];/A6:







M=N.T5VT





[%Q?O

M3R.^15'OQ^O:K'$PX(&Z#[H. ]NU/'$G/%-+:FI)M[E.:=3KS[Q/V?PZY:$;
M&(U+MO8W)IL^/9]\Q(V?R7BC^NH1P?]- @I'HM*FC!B;[JZ55HU8^=FDP6P'

;1QZI%6ZE*H#)3-@T3QPD+?DI?XSQ_ZZX4Q

JD!9DTQ'

A. Q$:TZ7K?RSB[2K+
MN73GC5]VX/SCV$F4

 ;\KR^
MU:77V7JC4+@RMLYMAT^G[^U(G8

YPA7!ORGK=Q3X=
U/%[_9

=+4I07


M7G#G.;%EH867*9FM61=D[N$8QG/K MO82FN,1H 6C 92HG8)6A#QPFQ]7!

MK?&RO3W0C+56L[)SN)?#&6RGTNV^*JO;FP[[G&='I@/8(
_%+ 'A:?=*E\CZ
M[%$/*JW7S6@UX;/5IT=]_




I+R3GSQ8/:YI9=+U3IO=YOM8;]5

.J:5*W'4[4N8UC7*JVBE5]&DI0CR
_:

9UYP5P0@GTZF9:=RQ[5UYQ.$'+N$NDE3K@*[F3$$!P3

M2#O4B6C0Q


MJ=:[U5;]'W]?V[%U!^?1'P*2S1\0AVU\Z /9KUWFFK?@IC&+6:U79OV*\.

QH-6;S \#ENVNWL^$%'HM!]K#7+QU126F3I6B^J9)DZH\\





R;J\^CSZGW]__@C6\C+[8OS-?[?WRZN_H]L

BR4J52L'VOU!H(_J\J9]YB1GZ^0



M+RZ!WD\D4-B'Y47.B12/2/Q)7.05$F5H@#ZM@MA4^?MK.Y+$6TX32(S5NM@.
M:\3AJ!%F

7X? +
MM!#=@'9B?+4\\@H8/\A<N@&A#@:1<F4_7:%UTT4U=<G@:=$)4-/:4\4J1


M^RX(

0V^.J_W.^5FUWNF-A^WA6:?7

M());A//)JJ35J0!U%?B/L2*]R1=

RO
M-I72FU7 (N5[UHO'N=_?/ CMIA.V8YC:(YRP;G'3 'V:Y9:Y7PT'5'$ .6

N9EWVD



3ZN]?K=;;7=.SZJ#SK!?
M'31[[?-!LS7N] TJ\





MK GNEJ]*N8



DP=3D#;E%0#_29NA





M-:VZC&.1HKWKV8(6%A+H





=0JG?J;2UPT:USM]:N

M*7J$]]8Z'XR/C44O;&
?+)..G!?V=!\
'E_GA3W1!TO-YTHO[&D^6%[$%X7;


/31S




MKL;!N']E] ^



MG:M6S35B*$-


M=JW7




MN\J+W/ 

M 5T:C4IC^SOCDNV*5KO6VG$IT!NIH#!8(V95#GA5WI8#]P(!@M49G66R9!@@


KR!/K=?J53K?!R1SY
MA*'X%JP@_@(:4HE)UTG
-*0A
BPNM9YF;^1;;U3:K8$FD5_9_NK6
4DAEQ-%
MW;


M(LL5'?S%.&:STNOU

?\
-&&'

P!$-L:Z1Z]=6/



D[X]]Y;&/X*41U6:
:W!6L










GU_X=V_+FF]8:GQ9@
S$ 
E*&+O73VYX]HUFOS+8-:[#

V4_)I5




M)+ZQ10O+$9?
7Z)HX8ZZ^FH'0#-E^XG;=2J-S@$ ?;[5VP!1(!W=OY9Z&M3



I .OZ[7A@%BX7#^U/:K-O;P5(N9B93F13AJ[/5/X


M8F7W9&0)RK3&PQ*BB











M4=%


@D.
M(J08






M

@HH]0;&R0R4@:%BQJX6P




MK8#H

0DK1]6($





;.AP;QU[E@Q[7(8H_L



M'*;ZS75#C*?

F[

!M$=75J_-:L?V3 JM5*B(K
MXQ;JLAS58R'0B#X^H5I(LSUUHZ^?N,:7TQ7HBW^FN]'8X/.A+<=LGFACK


M

L+HD@99)1VMK94I;^&0I.VT!+&


0?Z

O.KH$2

72GTI=PJ*.$K^QYE2L5







M3B/KAL#AL0';3Q&EN3Z72W-


MI*E'I#=8:/HD-/W7UP_/O#/M#YIEDYV22TJ/)&50.DEI;Y]F;+3
_?+HXOQ@-

N;7\B/3F;!0OF#__?ND3BEPO?J3$


C%K-T

:K3EUCO+U%?W]KR@W45VHKT9Q34K(^Q

RM1
MB_)[Z?H:7XWOAW]J?%0T#7R/??*.O]/=BA39E*/ :!F7]I&%/WFG2)(8JW(2

1Z_H#0E-?!8&#FC%

MBI\75Q(:X+4DP8L$_P0[!3+GJOP
&_Q
V/)

M1_#+YQ(Z!GOK

+6R+?!'U1?+_#6\$):
M\-X8YXB7+/T35M:=
S-;X!-P

: KL3DP10M:ALR%#Z25T]3WY%X.*(
M/Z\4BTR[

MV+W!\\WID&Q.M







M



M0S4?VOC'A;/ULL'@
S 2_N&!_CUQ%56E7V'6HFJ0Q!_P2

M=B00R$=CNXLA7+2*,]B3&=JSY4OK[Q0=$(%S[?J;,6Z0-B40PF:D8+'T!W


J'#DAW]*ARJZ
M4J07R^+DD@F* I184Q3&XS:+ F1:YY#EDZ
 R41-G






-G/ GD
GKC+6:

%
T2(6







OII@;2OFL






M7N9P.'67DK'I'S=AD
RT-DH'R-6P*7P
K+F56_.3=PO/JQ3JM*.4#UVH [E&




W4H-.I66DWMSJ







*V#7@4L


[/9O

H/HA?
3V





WD35



L<N9&_
MVWAFJS\'H4TDE/IV:$642*'RTGHBHT #RTWLRCK)TR+5FP(_*UBYXSXETO\
#DTL_#&_!&<Z:8_H*<?$D9\5&3HSA_
XR4IRHO88P*6HH:%U'# XZ/2





M





M[PM#:CPC2:^7OHNO7$Z+)^'8]-(\I&

M3P.:! 2SO:=[@HIU%WB)0O?
C2




?'W1EWV@R:8
MT2(A:#/\QZ.@

MXM\8Y^!AYX!A= 3GSN


G&(SG=4+F#[UO7WBEOR3?K2M\F3NO
MC H&?13X&!

]












6V.GSM(YC5K73[.R[Y/9S!]BK=P9L)4_8J_4
@H3)ARC)U
MSH3##K-S9ET.LW.;^4\F3/E@E7
D$ .?O*DS++D/*Y&_-@8_*(9-,'*-?-8
MF#XW-WTJ=IBE[2LX/7!357;^9;6KGD:RQ8S*_451PR3&N;T@ G%Q_('
Q
MPQM.[5P

TTXLTSAS$9]?T'%XWZWB6B:

M!]TY$S4[S
Z9=3G

M&4ESR$7Y8CKS@KD0C%&C)K.(?ZB(V;DF]A64F5*6)3@+A@8@TO1YF
]QI]
M)*IU;
])/ )\.GE7? 7%25-@ &SN)K13 L(4[)6 :^!;ZL

&

0Q#1%G)_W@4X


M(U



MU*$:CPO?07C5*_O[\=QZO8;!D#QO


M+EF4M
50HT7RQ9[]_800=21U
!ME@4C7&EH9$%H*S*
AA!0L#Z&^NHDCBJQ=
M8!1QF=;
IYS  + A
)V9O8/!!0C^E4_B!4O,(A(V
[]9P7AP!_:('O)7R-

M5

MP?FBSS.4+@90(QE$



S7H63=SF_
E:XU#!N

_01G$M%F


M@@0*FSHY^6\R $@5ZD!






&

MY

 RMU
TY16KXPG$R1



 C/^2^F54YQ+X]MBKF%/
2T1%U
M
U4Z3PO.RJU6LS)HMM^:WX&1H7:_TNR\.3\3(T.PYJVV\;H.KPSVH#M7*@MO



3M[#P944Z0+



MM A
@9Q(!U$T&8




M0GKQ?'AYRL 3+C@!O\%/:L7H:[716^$
9%9E5(!5M=YK+Z+7KG\H)I*=VA[I
M^\M; 4IGI!23D]Y3GBDP(/0DL*U:]O39SYFGD?5F77_SQH3TTQJHT0*V(*CG

7U;#R80F5G8/#(Z@JB(T9^@3S1+PE1PPF6!]


)?'8









M.ADYL?O\)&81:3AAN:S)3C2V^/8 676 X-!&UL!TJR-$%R7S^$?(KV#E
M4(

\2[8M_@(UJK7!9D[])E'8P6UEAE/-*'9


M7FCX3LP

!.G
;N5Z2DY10CV&&=M5Y?TB\]:1QO
5]08K(X3T!3RL)*?%VCS
4S
M
V2-EF^7GXE]^AA/L#!AIV-QDT#]0+VDZ#TT5?GG%1)]]J0'-H3.9V42SU&N





'WZ- M;_#-



1C3'*J=<KQB4PM
M!,KA)B@-715*$\9^^%L^[@;(Z?EA\)JC:C$:PI3Q CTZF%3#C-?9-!8D 3SH
M3_B4ON:8GZ+9^F4QMRR.:CLR/'#N0@!SN!+9C


M+FD;8^ IF

^3N

RGWK9;WZ-6A*H=N)GT(GNHZ?T&TJ=





Y(?
]!%EQ\&4WV8.:T1)-HLTFSHX
M?Y3@_!26)CJ;/K8\.[/I^6=RFW]VXORS_8X

LL3W@8)T\<I+/)OH5.%N4QQ[GG
5O9[%T=
M'LI


\#PKEG
M


MASMS\F&$@X!-)]BSDP


M#\X7Q2!?T.
MZ8KT17HG^

* W3W#B3T:\Y]GG

=]+/N UJQY@$\91Z2CD]J!_=Q*#*G9W6Z@TF#T2
M=\N2=BIM][HUEGS;O8[W5#/T [O7K9GWN*J/VYJ&=Y4_JFWQ5F[VL*SIUF+3
MMJ#81*O0?&MZR\'-W&H *#9;VP;0M4W8V@YA:WKM.)D/FUVNJC&5=DN9I$+
MRN?#4?Y2KG3RX[$?^C90HU[IR@E0TS:VFFZVNRPAM10ZSZ/[IQT6MH3%UM-
M^K$^[VW%]AI.ZD;A)


MOH(&XD4Q6KPLPXLEM;ZE2_


YL)L]) F WIG#O\5OS?]G7B\F%VZ7AE7/WW&S@
MZV-[[$4O.LE_F#_3+U)Z/.[_1296)\^7SO?!G3^ N?K?5.&-*!/_*A U8



BJ3UBM;33@


M

MQY-X\.+EL[WR


CRR H6L;)HEUB/6L& EQ
8%K




3Z2@&V9=I?C[MOC@86*4CZ7M+@Z8!*X/HVUO
KP5V[^J

M*UO75^OZVL/UI9N'N;[
-1Z=54Z@-447)W

R[B%-Y!ZEU6E.Q2ML2A#K5]HX1E$[*I'.SRCE;
P5H)X G=LP
M66:



99WYCN/<WK+K5E
MQ\1HK$#(4Z#QK4F6QXTIVW\W.Y(D%68?TVSHUSBF(@Y1?



MQWZ;1]T&D\X23+)JF$=]VHSB98KDCL;T3JMA#//PSU\%Q;B2M(*.MX7=+66
M%&1)G_V9,&$XG*5OGJPE9R$]=7?;N_YFTRD]+/)N'I8FQ1-!3F_?==4S]ON

(
T

MFRI3=HP0 H/(A4IW]1_XC=XXEE$[JF&=DFD67-F/


MC8VM[0]O
FQ':)8IJU]
M(5^


\[W)

M0V4SEGG4C87QELTOQ_? 
V

:)Q;&?L
9



M#
B:#/@

-FL\Z]'#^R8*GCZ\9
MWV3CF@%$

?2+L3=/&MF;
A[


!)V.XG7[W1L2
M[%'3];/V;W3P$OJ\^=4(-)%T.F(Y?W4GZ]R%3P4Y&P63? ?C!/.8!JP-'XAE
:3TH4 'L'Y'($L
M8V$.W@XP!M(%7I3%JHM2;N4JV(M 3F3[MWB08(NPY4*AC-1G%.7M3
$'1FX


?/9HEC+OD&*5
\#['#[)$CS]H2Y4!1&



#*!4WF*LF@

MW


MQUI

I#[D(QDUZ'K;%AXW:7$5GYMU!KW6BVOI4L_%[:8_M87ZBTX5

=+8

M&E-+NJ^S2[(2$9;C?\





FF;MUWB2/FK9




:
 KK)@HG=P
$T0
M8=5) @_![#UO$J2X)(9IWL
N_Y9^!^AYL0LOX





MR
==*#V:9KIG6BY-$)\M(A+ =@#P
U
_#PL
*:EF1
V?USPN9)^+M\I4EL
1F)ANQ+1+\<N*B;QI 0U:')2#\HBE:2B;HGDRXV&*3VPW


MQ
- @*




M;;UK8&L&\]U[0!$IXV5[H

8J/$SY_@
TPP_(PJ?%@F+T

MTP?0N1] YW3H(^*KYXU]V






M89/W(3\B 2M

D)\5 U^KW-+./+&.:HMK3-! I-A%[/4O1%
6T
M%3?+%1#+Q\*N8&TZ'/


SWK8*/@LA+GC-

8Y/G=Q50!R@



Y*^1.=(
MP-QR4RDL0K__MMH$])RN7- E9P/KZ-.DKMEDBH%'S5RJ\AH@=LEE=V9#BNJ8
MO@Z<(<-UNZ2OSR!:[D;(MEJQQK^6OBQ
 ?#)-(RE\(2(
K0?L!=PKFN9Y


_JF6#A*;HL=DU'$5W=


M'$:[ +6_AF^ZID(I+;U(FF+R=ZOO3JH[2U=SICA@11Y@1]19@XB^^_]A2
MW:F8RE;X/SYJUA[5M=S9!







8RYA9@




M'8]#


MCC8)R&&6()BUY3RQV+1
S 



TZ^R)P-1#35+GJHO6 [*Y\'R:5EU+;B=8T&%*VH8#


*3U?M\DFJID
M4MP@RGRJW&Z S3?L88WTDEFPY;2 2[9F*MU^7P0)+HFJI+A ?CC-BD;\'W7
M)MULU#DAFC[?6F=^[4O5_ROIAD*/@9[56FN#F\#($NAKH4;;$N@

M7-;#


MLF]/;Q9M&3N W2TKZB:[:#E \V@ HV+@GZ'N@%B:8VH]%1
]NW!ZZ038W%)%
MM2M;1A=@);*6;6XT#^=@G:UZ-3SP=T!3GGA2#*34DJEEUFW-7 WG*FBV2A&_
MFZ;EM*E/^!HQ)LGG(WE#W/H&]]DE*LN1KYZ3DR)[9



7X'&
HK-6AL62POG

MH
+CQ _8'!0_F4W=F0VF\)B95IIJPHG/!J2


M-1


2VS


[/^7YI-;'U]QMBB25DB!MNBP\G R<4;?;()P
M81(INXW/!/;#)UP<\[[Y1MT/10F8_A4N+2#/C6/34EFDTW1=\9_$![IP)M@



#!-0#YIP?E6GA)W $+3H2RVZ@
M



:T!-LCVWD11:[95N\%+C]OBD9


M/AS4XG9AE&O?ME2YUQ
M6^J):E^R1-.T35'JDYY
7%LFBLF+K1YHB!4W3_Y3



MZ=+2I:7+!OE7*I[Y87




/9
M5--YZDL&L/]0&O/43EP_3BW

+N5..PS



S\\((W8HV4

M3-L2NZ37$UU%[IL]HO?57O]-=


MCO5@

M&


MZK%&%]O+6#J#JXGH'=VLN#%
?8 U.KIU

MTJ4^B]M-?SIN*XU=_8H%E^1=-$GI+0T3/PH_^-ZC'_CI:V53JG1)E5VC*YJ2
M9(IJ3U=%2^WJHM67-



M[EZQ$4=']K:T646PEA5G2E

Y@UY:2=*S=%F;=0T9;&F.]H DK(

MB$;-N0U%MZ'H)H6BB70^X^-MO[N-1K?1Z%HAK(U&M]'HQD2C-RF13;$X=:WB







P=ERR04H






OA8? PT (!%Y
AX('3TGX#A0&7O(B#+-]B _YNWPE

D\4
*

M59/(OW1GF8P4:J4[Z\G+'K;ESB)76GUVEKKESE*7[2P&C=XQ-&O3)N-;0NT

7/&+VS8BL4F#=G77C*LF-A/?
6





B9S([YH2&:SFE:R*6FIY@L6M0I^D9
M%I9\^@P+[7QI#NVKWT!RQ[)@THZQVUWSJ*Z=AW_^*BC6E59P^ZZ+RJ]V_.8N

MQIO/P[!!*
#J!S*1.Y;<N F;AT+]$X!M[-]PXL1B\5!HK:HS[EL]<+DTG2 5PKJ8-FY
2S53@==6V[
UU+E98J+55:JM1E;9NHTCI+IO1ZP/*4DZOX



MUZ%\ZPT$[ML
M)8J+55:JK14J?W:-E&E=;HT-8=6



7[6[L'YUL8Q2


MW
81QE'OO0 0

!<KY



8)787

X??+2 <]AMP/GPAS[-VCKA'_.
_(#5GJZ H^-EO



8HY_4(S@GTB]F#=.+%OA?\X?GAAR@Y1K#?3R)5
M)L:7S_=.






BRFP@2E1(8SY
/4 A.8X[* B5
G

MW V
3[4;R

U[(L]









LO-V. +@!]< T)+A_*

+^KDS3L^

C^\R^:8..J6QK[
MT? @C1Z4&^

;Y=4I'#]&'*$E[DR2-</S5 1C2)55&TQ&4:;*%0;7$)ZZIM0W'5F4'5,&
M([JKB%W2@\W:5=1NKZ_(_9XV-:@LB?^3MT#;&L:J1]TQ7*B&=RA2[)DK1E]
MMX1SMAM\ASC0T
%

MF@@SJ1O



&XE;'M@\M]-

M8/:!M5M5(DAA

J1Q)R
MDFQHRA$X*5.ELL$XJ$7-I@4EGU%_]X+!)/ PCO:)ICR4Y@^RZQ'C3C9]X\Y+





MQ9[




MR#+O6W%+_D



M3$W/%8^3(ZA GG!X,B:OH,]//D#WI_FBN'#^5D/O
VZ*N6K3B&V+59QFQ7
M%;N6C1T@5


MBGWG_
4
;N%R*1Q5)R[/8@S)_7S+A$2V'VC$P?QJ%3M^B].!K0AR9D;8DD

MD$70-T
P5YG*Q6^%E&O&J9?Z
+8#LT8/


8EDBT
M'B+*<&R)H06.0]:Z2E9$?XEJ^ MKGH== S\^W%

3+079(&=9=8ML[


M)


1FAQ#0YS;&;@ZY*L[YQ?83BRZ_1M6W1U
MS!;O21(82XXI]A3B2HK9-]RN- LJS;J-[@_ICN@Z 6*6./6V1PNK([:T'=!2
M0  :EGSC]*/X4Q3FMV V &L&XA^3
_8'4L]:E6R]Z *




MG\!\/CB[KHR: \#FMJ\N2I8X;8NP)SPG._0YW
NB
MO K3*X=81;(0CWT?6\
Z=59#-=7+&F $&'F+Z0L,$3HX9IHKYC/;P
MSTF2(J?TXVADW_2N;_%R^$<LF?<1L!9-/5C6LA(8_6JJ%70='DZ9)<^13$V
MT3X*ON%8W _?DJ0Y?5UR1:=O.:*JFQ+VW7)%J=LU'*FOZ)KEKDP'K0L*RX2]







MZ26KK^3(P$394XF0K.&XIM3@R-@'[OV/#%*;(^.T]%8WT?O81\9:\(ZR8YGG

$4.&1H1'%4
YS9


M1\8I@
Y*H&G97-#%0
MI&N*K3MP^.H.R1U3!JG%D;$[W$N/CTAK\^1<4IZJYOH??PC8PUXFW;LED#!
MD6&PP08G/#*JAXK%



PQ06N3SG!DZ6%*GDB&99TJN

6B39



:7KIXEE
MG PJ/#(4HBGFED=&!@)[W0X@L)OA=AJF?OJ:?8+/**M2_\FGL9 
7NB(_O[N


MPUJ ;H4=0*):(79R&[MFV)&L+;##D5@I=C*O==VPHXNROAD[B

M_;##M\Q&['#Q5 UV-A3O5HTNQ A]9OVI?OO^& =#_U?Z?1SX S_E(XF$H3_B
<W]Q9(=NXDTFNS+N[Q<*#UYVZ-&TW/+;7RI
M!&8-[RZ!PN;WUTLY;&U9)


A/2AV_1PTLT2;QP^/#BQ^DK?'?!G$ NE!
*;'#O?T\I#2^2?(.
M\&^22Z4HGR&2=

MTHA8FI!82R).4Y
*U


M\9LGID045

D;%2

F\([6>Q*N'X_3.Y_G9,!'/_1'D]$E

$
FHJ8F^

BN3TTA-M]Q'[\]9
MR+&43. _A_!T$)1I_O.E44]3

M7 
7M_4SYI%




M:AYZ*\+GQ#QTH7)(L1C/6)9:TQPL/BEA6BS_(1KP
J\2]?Z@H1[&,VAR.0

DB&


M\4OMYYC2+63 FZ.EK

M.E@L;5%U1P.VGY

DJ3C




M#Y]O'@/_F8FUZO@=R19HD0V$)1?5M4H49035)S@O(A+(8N 1'J2= U0U@8

MWI^@/C[:BZ Y TI;K6W(=IR*DE&75-Z]J)2KO?=T8=9

M$
'0TQ2-QC2ETS28YM/K[!U:3@FS1F19K1?
FDAD458K@UDR):L6PRQG
$LF
M]F/!&955P=SVUSF)JUS:E.!)E$;N
0^Y\0)@B/$Y*GC4/4@JSD=-M'NDQ
M#8=F'Q@K5YI/4G4IM'6E_2M'FDM:1.JVHWB$QMUF(]=-F+=:/
JUUV@#R
MM-9IO:C29LDUGXAMEEP3B=5FR36-9&V67(-IUV;)-89D;2I672G3IF(UB4IM

TDK4AG ;3K@WA-()D
M=?*050ZS C ;K1OF:$RJ



(TA6)S=



4G9B77SE#L?;FG

QS$=^.RA=\@0R;T7M])A[[Y\LI1[N]K)

-_
MHG21*]A#\)<M'G#/=]7R9V0_KG@,WZKO_W]02P,$%     @ K8(82<*7K0F=
M'@  UUX! !$   !J8G-S+3(P,38P-C,P+GAS9.U=W7/;.))_WZK]'W!^N,M4
MK?P1)YE):K)7_IQUG1/Y96S=R];$ E)F%@ IRM7_]H4&0 @42(D7)H6[Y
M


M=_2??_WSGW[]MUX/#0;H.F2




M9NEPON1T



4@RKXY*. UM+E9B46BQ3I[__[]B7IKE(Y%;X+Q/L_




MVY_#.Q+B,2@ \GI'TTYN0U_+JV=U8!@=&4B#B
Q#ZZQ &
7^AQ2D@D.JOO

MR8GZC!2;N[2TVYIO7=;
7@@4CE&..4JX=Q;=A44K?
U.T@TV?M?
QMU7W
3F



UU\;!YS B8AAF2[%5TS[29,K,0^SZ,)3KD+*
M)@_2!AZ5%.0YN@QD?VL H3$K-R*46X<*+PA%S G 8\45K=BBE&]G_ ;&OV,+
M^4_(EZL6KV=R)P.WH5^O&SKEU1FUF5%_T/_B0:!G)+=@6=U0D<!N11&);
M

M/1ITJ[9FAKT/V61(8&-G%-4S:S&EVZAOUXT*3'K !0&;SI*-AEU8%P_Q\_;#

$G=ULXU6;HM__.Z

*$
MTG!  O!H7(56A-\I\I5\H7BJKF'*UA'6Z
O_$2$_Q0F9UZ' K.LE&O42









W*:V''F:%U*J*FY(LNOLVV0F[TV)'P=R






=R
CDG



GM635UJ(GSIL[;X+DTWKR8_\-HYD40L'7YA/N
ZZQB;W! LB?J?1



_W@64=U^[
M&\U;['!H$6') D+V4BF3F$ZDY42IH&@L)46&J$#8(7JWB#8.7T%+APRV0OMC
MX_$ZBM0N)%C[6^8!\!4B+AFO;.'0[K#+R-@?
'M?(VR[^S35V#UFWT@FRP



:=PHB392J[23V\F=IN].!E#
MSNQI#6A51;K)W'7J32?H.KT@7,KPJ''6]#;CRV)^4;*=P&+TO($*F$#.JT






AZ2Z-:T0'^L*;:!V.Z%< /4SOI0 Z!* I1)J\\(
M0IQM$!AQM5ID-65*2-15K*G82<!M6@S(4](.ZGN^H (R13.&:O27Z3L3?I%

QYG*:
M?1\*\0#GKB @)/G@&O0*NZC!C2#+
M*@3I


:I^3I/[5?8T)#Y1V&W[CG6/6

!/






M'=:VP=I(D.\QG-Y=J&.8E:(W*Q&YD6%']69



N*TY2MBD#B_IYQ -%__KT

M) 5*/QB
BG3_]03#-53C4/TM_V(L3$HG#Z3J(8\0PS




MNXC



M4FE_'

MC@E97=(/J+ K\[JG3-&M.)@VE5\F@0V!6C9-EKA1^FJ$ ZA&-A 90:J*7;2.



M1JE-3 UK$!U$'P7[T

]T

M'':3U6%I[%

_<6D)


'*0X?



]A'S*YD[?
D6F^^VE4;T
DT-Y+7IFQ3

MXB!8;M2\C*Q]^J8AC.MK
%O%\I*M@C)E(.Q]B)GI71B0[S'EL&DS#CFYA8
[

M)/I=2CN%.T(^24$B#!O)ZF+;
87D?#[AZ^H8FFY'?@ .!!6PI0)SZ((8QR4L
M6V\JVICARSUU??C2%?7
M1PHM;ON\*I1ME6IZ*G 9T\7$W:A
C% :C38
MYC3UVE#0Q*;$


M'
*_D9S^YA1P%=

3G62%JUN-@B]'JM3


M$Z

JHMK@I5





M./JCAK^B


86/RD6'O&]SJ:5NRO$BK%%DMSB![6AAS6*#U9XR.8E%H
ML

NITXF[$F$QXW*


RP_+G_P%02P
$%     @

38P-C

4Z0&)&TK







MGNU:04 7E#BGUV2#GR]Q5$PV.((@17 PM&/KU0+]U&+D\-;MH_)P14)J6V[_
M?$R@:(8S


/B9
MABOJ3190)+F

5BWPA^ )G&SC/
%#2 OY)! $UL^\PASIWW0%RW\(-L


M8'ZY9?XZEIXKGI.%(I[[%[A'JN^\9QA /L-E#JKV/?@+-
_YQ[H$:BD5TC0
M@9?TR27C(#A3I7EWWH!UZ$ZB3!E[7#%ZI$);.V#!O&O9$P


M'FPO+H8 4S;+R4

MX:
A
MVUOB@!KN9C_.@/Q^81\CB!QJY*DL+57(@7--%H3!R@I_)(J$Y]Q3ZPD7V;X4

C;#EWC19/'H




$ Y-1_ 6/
MBJ#5
KTA41

M7I=D@+E+T!_/+[[A)TGH*BJ2#(U/IC


'2I:C_3-&6AKELUK1V?;Q
8YM5@H\;K(;4.
M!CJW5M0GZT-O[D.*X4E)',NJ;5%

M?*&ON0K$OUQNVG&Z)GHV?[







MTFC
E+P#OJ-EDLU:YFV0_58XCY?9E00KU@._M [2J7KI(VC'1T/J3%);5X+2
MSE\9N0=



M]CU^)E$'KCVC$CQ)Z+]JF8MA^E3(U3)%E-*HD/+2\KY-G@ESF+6H97$GD1(Y





MMLVB#LI62R9E.+I
6@T95
C?Z-T#2CIT&:?H
M8%:C]E*V&%D8U%G21J6GFS

MD I9#Z
MEQHDH84S2OIF5.F 9D%M6@^F-:
*/
+[#DUV&G
&ZE'$MJT6Q8J$
<
23K_?GYA[
D
MQ5F X6*PM%
:DG6:?\'\]=Y)35J97W=(
L+W(MGGDXMWYQ_/ST]&+_SE.OXW
M_+5AU&?0WI]/WI^


/14O<YKLB0984819Z



F@_$N*CR6LKA?C1(X1?#
MNW_K

JAYLIP +7C
M Q+! PR*6JG+J51(^B.L13C?3KQK&FR23CQ9Q$?M%S6MV12@H/ 3M+MSK&


IE;:U7U2E5';!KT*YJ3AA@Z[\Z%GQH0)QTA5ZS&@
M


[7B\+9<:
M).VW?FKA&15$J7^U29! /PFQ.*RG#]P7GSQ.?&*PY?T0']OBK9]7)G:.4P=
MXB^ER@&E--SOO)T;Z_6N*WY]$*3QT+J#*B051M

MJ36;'E@*UEEA(



BU
OA-DT('47W=KS




M-[:0D!WM%G @-M3S40QS.)5ZL

MWH]8K^BS\DQ SY?&/N$7C0_XO?*_JT./VQST$S)]8B)*P7[(7B](C!U&EI
MJPS/U&W1




C50AAXEW%H^#)PY\'2MJ1/
M+HE]B
K38ODW%7
C-D5(T.G V14'EJUHC2P1D3#&!Q2D8M9I$)
?['='%V?3



MUJT



M\L^].A)_+?HOXL2QQ[[Q%/IJ=L]O\KSLUT!\?DS'D\,.L+Q9RZ;85X?BW0
MX6WU%^JZT%7V[NL) FPJ0@N

MYD^







Z?MTXG64:Z+Q_+6<%/QLA[H8/WF?Q\W.C;U8?RE7AH&.DY?SV

O20_L.)
U&@G80]!84)I@U
MC1VF
?9AT=-\EK\4.B/\H8NYO_/

M+X_PV0O@0DEZ(W[Q^\&;EJ

[N1U@#Y_!3'


OX$^
IW 41P
M\VND^5M[7-J]
]VI:WE:7P-N$#M[E[WP%GL2/F%KD/1S/T3BH6 OH#;:W\AD
M

@[#
20*%VB&$M(?6C
M1T

M_GA^\0T_:2PLGV%F?A22Q/TL/;;693S.2$@906TY8TCP03\.?I?




M3^B3R5\83F3ZD-ZT2;*?T/G/^

?088CI.@4;:08_AI\.B
M;*3]LR

M%-:7H


MX#+IJ5OFCM

(AW!9/%P








.$-N+IMC#V.$_%!*1.


$8=LTRTZ:IM(&&6+B
<WTR72X;B))0]).K2U&@9O[Y72:
M@)DRWXGL< Y%/U@N;[0U]S=F7^YW!;2C 
83#:

M])R_199+%UONJQ^W!'S
P@DG]\GOO)\L&/11'E0X3Y3%%-8#VT.TV;A\
8;N

MXS.WC&HW@WWU0Q+

M9


M     M@AA)K5;'!#H\  #%SP

M
C Q-C V
S!?9&5F+GAM
M;.U]6W/C.);F^T3
?_#F1&S




-/-\WK

V(+^U]NRV5OZT]OSCV\_G;][2?PW_TD'


M*O:R!8Z 

 VP

MP7



;^ K*/P'1J3]


MM%-M'BR7.7U_0Y%/:;B
D]32[:A)S;&81$UAB'AS(.L*KW 8LYNGGM+O&I'
MU+%8]ANF5D3L#V#-HQEFD\RS%)JX:
'*%SNL.JIMI/1;B 8!QY%$H09]+I&
M)()?DP=
6


UR'

!=2A#M)O

^FW&)

(F&\6]B&$
M=

F:J'H]PXL3%%








U
MR



M_TY*

MG%G7)
 M?G2V


M0V=TASC1V:+0IZ'S
W3?9=WI72(;SB;6[NZ$YD$[EZHW
0ARK_N1M-L#J'&8

%HC5\YSMH)T:CTY-$.%:!$A%/
M%:C@U8?R/0GZW


M7]_L__U]:WJF*'EBC
^2MS.$EI2H']_C





KS@WJ$ES3'-YJQRG2\O2UM?BQJ;X(0DTO8![.8

M$%C/O[[Y^.8L2X#






M2B^;=^E6W6UFA]8([I6

H%Z



05MQ^@:MFLOG=7

37Y(.W(J[Y.ASGT7].NZR-$D
MK_#;.D.U.N




MC 7:8/[D7B:8-F9YC'(%U;UT
&VHVZ[.II[Z5_:T*21Q52]]*_M)$JV5(J


M6D?8X%+#:$TG[![)[@I1K
\7B*I\\.X*I7H85<IS5JC=%4?U4*ND
M



M\A=PO
V267K?-OE' GC!BPY6YO&:1^)O7^
M5MRN_


M=X_5






M]$T)HO\YC/AU=L?:^^\KOOQ9


/-@

:]^0*1AFC+IFXGA
5:Z:!=LM8;PB1!%HW='
$R
M@3'U8&QZ&#EK]@;X@OZ(R24(I' 1DV2
UG4V!Q.<]Z(3LF&3C9P
MWZ6*YTD/?BV)O0.4$_0V'_DU
'A/1FE#K:P454X)AK5Z_H$40H5SQ^H;#
M8!['_G#Z&$W1*B948A[C-

MJ


M\(+OXVA)_;OLY16^HG@/P+^'E+K:&/W/)8[N:$^H/I'H:[%T5^XV7=V
U*

.FR?!GD)BH8UY*LJ2#%?KSR^8S


M8UD&_ .@

[6
M=B^7LV
.7 .[\J/+V3$'0I4(^O8S9(QZDQVXLKKS)3N88:J*:-N&JYM)ZK*G





BOZHB

M \$-77J8%?'870([@N M?B08W@OUGD6-7M#6^P?T_F8PB9:*H/*^_F&)8]

M66+7GOAX^)NHKW:U9B&]=KD4#HQ[F-?)
PY7^ M(&?
6-@V5CSK&A].WM[W:



M0A:+N@ B$U:9;X6+8U-J_U#K:^_]Z4U1
?:0##VQQ!J_K(=#*0:H;S/2:P
U@=ZQOD!2&0ZXXO;YLLL=C':6@E
MIG^+#*EXQ&W:0YHM27(T1_ V@J
H8YNP06T3M;9/N4S8Y+6T0?$=3E-
DN$T

(

HL$*!3!NP:H_LP!&N\!P



VK2'V







M.10

M&GQBJ&P.NS\VE^

&1.E2G-

M]\)==7$?KB2X'/^J=:FW4\A=CH)MLPG4ZIFX%_:J-=4R[='ED%8MD.K.#9=#

:&_@IE&-%(%M_\2F:!LW'E_92ZILZ@
MV%\Q2CNLOK\BDXY3OL)K26QJ3-HG_K00Z!48QPW$!\^-)IQ X
)O=A=7O


M]B6;J]'CM_WV/-_]7:UB-3.$2VDHLQG!L=QX0T*Z#,Z^\^46*8X?\1Z@EYP
M EKC*J!+&:A]K-K9(ZP%T?T^
M-D
-I[6^#E!JFLS0FZQOLT\?*-W]D_BC'
.B^($H0N=#4RP:2




_FCE9=(/SD@D^?%\$@




 Y-I


Y(J+ZK2H]#:V







MJ1S$31-_JC$RBDS2$AZ=#Y/161EM9 /G@V1T&* D7CH?+-

O2)=^OK%

M8BE?8/ 
M^-NI8==TK?:&#

M3.?%

O$6./[4S/4ISVH+\N Y
9^GNIO_ON]


G@RR=

:4_
MWR

'?Q


K_T-*Y4J@Y0:B&H^+DD%4&Y;)ZC^+4CG+ ^2



M5-(
5EB9TH;.=BL['$FL1Y.WAST9CVW0V'PC&^]:4NA6K08_4:F/:5:__5




*
46#R@O?8TF_&U;MLZC'%_V!+&JNZU-QZ77/2L(54SJ


CYN)6^8(K/-7NLD!$5?L%*C.#=J)/2I



W2946*4K<K=CC\@PJ.(5ZC/72XKOT<OU
ML :H[EP@N$937J;!.O^=E6+1+3L_2E=PH5'RM2+S*[.H6%_=I@(#H5/U[&




M==D




9P%\UON8):(5R$T[[7U)L*



M?ME8NV=%7^RRC5)Q]2!LKBJ&^_AE$V1ENJ+H[QTP<!+



+[2+
M.

M%/CP#UAS8V;R\NF;@BFNKAL!(*U/O/HV7GT;K[Z-5]_&P;Z-MGKOJ]NC0T7Y





M/D0
V. H5P?H0RA #Y9?I51:]_PK!U
:4::VWF23ZR7V/;-J#^ZI:%=UV +)





(^?:6@0(


J JPLE?;#YJ6.3B+M]

6I ]TY2_M@.E
'
MMZ


MV^@K DQ9


]0=R];_C



M)8.J
Z4ZTGMF[*Q5/B)K8 Q)

Z.AQ2L64.S*8\IY7M -\MACV1+-E=/0AMZV38;4
M@L!M:B;*
X__IS6IF ]E.
U=J/3TFL1W--VJ$)NY89_JO:T4\ Y6@0]+OP@S

5RRPDK]\DXNX*!\
MOJ)Y';#L]29*Y0NN(!Q.1]B#^ZP]0M$7C)P
UR]P!R?YR3-8H2#



#ZLA ;D1Q
NGC&X@



HH&_*NT;VV1=

M;11367QK;*967P[75QG






YWT(8U$!W:GVWH=8%F4FZ9H4

M'VIM]I3D^KXJD#^?!




M)'^4A[;MRS14= ZG]#$A4(68][AXX(4F_2?
6'J!$KSQC9TT)I?7VA*SW/+2
MVN?V/-1Y3RM'+)9AO

M



MAF]/@?N3'SS_C-A




)9F%V

M]5





M

EV-.3 GU)0CO(E.;'3WJ)
L


J &N#JGAK^#MD=05X*

BVF4I
WL
M
M=%ZQ?)_A_@D&-=__Y'$%VO+(.QWD]ER/B[A+2,&OE%R:A=XVFIG-M%N:2Q
MG*X*/97VT 

(HR*F)
M!J
06*[K?\=;/31?G([


MD'$!ZR@*G*=C1#+8R

-E-W3?1I?
O@$L




MG C:Q* .X
:
0VTMKC@6;:(7&. C*0%\P5/U5WCC;?T]Q!&S%&3I3!XI0-ZY

MSAY&Z;H
#F#T\:(\Q4R$IA_^#A_
ZC;*


'9\^]JS

M3 [=@]HGLWV?8&!;P(+Z)_!D-'!$' .(5UTK;#F?;WN.Q2U60U39++S=6-

M
.Z&D-1WD8


96JE$1_



]0YZNL$?/OH

M!4UW9*GIGB[5XP?(MV)Z3
]L!\5YO[I(G*L=F^FXG
J$5Q5XPS01[8*V 
P+



M:)

M(^W1C !: :X14#LP2?EP 8CB1E

NJ$PZV]2



M:QU
41V&J:H\O&L*.)$S^;#90BW/SW[KS_;T,$CY13_!8-NFAL@T8_^MD9.
M;V/'_^1:SR7CG_Y^@('MA*E$!X.IF2Q#)@0 ICLR[95P!13H&]_93H'=M=J
M'94D=[FS@)O=#0K@WK.#AJ=U&





M$TG:N&WBV4\/OHK



MN](OQ?V%G'[#K$O7XBE;I.8;1



:B_@ .*8 
A)J
M7+N5&L2W+WW_-^ G)%0Z=K7'Y#V[0MM.%CWQ\19Z!/J3'WSQO3OTG5[0SS:[





- 

M'.T1OFDB(4^[


68'O^
$
M_[/S!NTO1T;'H9J'AUX69DHB?+4SGKCC@LQ,? OUO[POP A##%@5=RN]+)



27+@XN1AZO7X JY0B6

#)V['#





MCY*!


P$7+ RM-6;1#$5X@=[UPV
 :_JD
MR='0 VFG@HE[YGB^.AG2*K '



M9P6;X'A7WD3&8B8[T3
-]4$W99XLBT1%N955$7408^BK:$=GRN.0V_RF-0
M1WJ;.;U#JO?!BL\I:X*_.E=EP(]KH

B16(
M:7+Q3-%UX]M 

B%9,4%3
MJ^O]P?7?(8S/R-TAZX<A5+B)(8%BK!<XL'86




\'$LW
+@S@H8W0G:
M8[7V!HG.;# _M8%#Z*F&7XUOEN'&LX8N\/(CD5


'W<FAYC6EFO*(C[M


8Q0GAJ$#Y9[TE9(_+WAJ[OKA1*NQS7G


M7*8Y=40NF$J6482E


MOBTCAR\M20B. &I#$H=Z6A6Z7B(2J&4)W_E2#$M4A7\\17&$3.DPN_'/%)
MN\TN+F$EI=N





M-



;0
M#T[TEIJCXSUO#I N.81U;0Z:$]0&ACPI)286R]58'*(CD'$%&5OUG1&&LE1^



M^L#W0




M[H'K*[YNL
[;V/ I&4(]5)(TT.853:67]#H4_+): 
3CRI9/HX+$T&P-+T
M%'

5A9VI+=-D+L9QJHRQBC<$.I6.;.)<FH05;DM)&(-
M]5CY;$7' /==.#VF+?


\A/0
\P=V$J4%W@5@(1P!ZDRI
M/B94%5[RGE2&9+G*OLG47
6G!1ZV+] ^NJ1?_:WO/5^0S9
2=$
U%8S=J6IV



0





MYLPZ):W;A+J]SNHCD33HV?-FECFT&

MM
J#ZN#*38NX=M
B&B&Q1)T /ZHRQB#^

MP!4B=!$1M$)6SO6X($I
(F\H1H]D9CB?&?-%N:A7#$0C-<EQ]\IK

W;!JCLI4HKC39U\XK5C

T?YHGU)(%$?64[-)<JX)B<G'N)([&.R.BVAM].3N7Q.RI;Q.M#5;6P


MWLX

M6G

22+*7_S@-R3A
MOX)MCH?F


M1N=XAC=LG[%=MWJFX:VK5[CO/?*Q9X-=F?X\T]'\KWO+2 I
SBHMS?]:HCS!


$DL[

)SBVG;6BY^+JG


M-&L(3

M/BO63O.EQJ&^E=QR8SK(K'.#3&Z
^50UQFA6 JW.UCJ-.H
%7)F5QW8?0HML
M.CV4EPHNF@-5O*DRWST51^*:KNEJR4E@!VM#()V'ME;Z])H/.HQ5C'A:Y9IL

50;LE4AN:88KM

?@&\P31$KWRZ
2T
OW#;I*S5?G%S)40O=OM+O3M';W!CG#&#)


(4ALT]1
42'VQG:)1(H8S))_OF2?D.


M6W*/\B79;T3)1Q
_DF6A2RR0E%MBAKV:QI6^R2/,U7:V.C.#Z,@JV+-AYP





F:Y'6E

M1G-H



R+33:VR=?-=$-
NE
M!'7;!^L2NIW%N9KOH7O4P\58


M


MGH:AS

=:@)F6P%4V]F(I'U

MA9Z*ZPW;4M


3=@ [)TFX2
LFIC;
(ENUL*!8J-^50



1%W:LY
M]_RK*/ 1T_



M9Q3I?2[1[/*?E8.S&&'FBJ[H0B_(D9KRM%6+5
$N/)Q.!V9V
V+.H'=_(7

%UY2BL:\)!++/-S#
@IE_G
M;.(4$?D1OD672++?;IWJ*XQZ8:%[U&+(+77XD+
#)XP^(@? @@ BB








MXT=A^*_@UP!7=M]9[UH%B.ZM1VM0


M*GK&8*G]R3@!&#G!R _L\@'(!TN!6P/M&X3OX3:!1W!&J/JE]1'RTD2UW0


M$(_IDVEZBUE

;]R&+CZ+C8N)
M0N)23U8(;=&[-L1'12M;225.1ZQ2M8%LQH6Y,]YGB!F2LKO$,P)WPO..TU

\)XNPMZP6



X A0D


436&1@2[]=&)MDK]^LK?[WV/



_*AB6J0G@RSR$UAE/%[AN=KA?6- 
MKBP*BN'*$$M\ #$7=8MQ_@Y0'OK@M1NMLRJ8%]^UD1Q8U8 0UF9)3L*)ZW#*
M
UHW&V+QUA
B?.U%3O1^X^W\8


]5?&Y@%!282U3:C=E
3Y

.37 _LWYBF5&)27FC !




')EASK



M'5;&4C9PI4*

MV E+W2.6) QEHY6
Z76-5)OH!09K^^_'

_0#:#M1


$YA(5JA#0)#!4V[:3#VK7[['@/3L2Y4:S\R-!]TTK\1?UI
M



M06\V






M



XTE7

PLCR;



+BR(OCL!^P9



MTRS@ %.\^ V3! E-0(FJ0D0W.IJ-=1P.(S4N6

?KU
!X:





3#0'B=-N
J8B?R:YI-(IB+175^)4
MR'=3U2EIM=-K&A!\=_Q;45T/Y(KN]]?('TC'A5;B5/9.AIA+2$@JYI3E;3

(I;



M'O
BNS.(&W!2=KB/
OT3


M_V;_5IEF?6FMG/)6C?*#S
C+K!/2=?W&.'7M0!W5=((AIK\[@E
M44W0+VD$CV9YTD/@]J0D&.;], :)1? 8-: \E:T3C.DO8J[(OD0 2[.9@.


M#6%V:0@-4

TR3N@UY1Z&O


M(.%#_I%R GE6BNZ2Z=T:AH;6JG?Z]LD9M$D%K*FUK!$;7,+5\C:-5L;7



M!
@\Y


RFN(!)W2AJSN&P($P0?

D? 0H].:HX#-T%


(716(YWUS%
M&7=


IL*69[I^@:W_R@Z_
W0VQ
M=P=
QY]J$Z <P^W?F!#




^.0X95?I30QQ7B_$D+L:*9U%Q.1:Y[R^361)67?\?-$+EQ'
MF9.





X@-$Q\
#V& 3(@W%K0-IR#XWP2L_1R+IT'7B9ME.




3\LH0N :OH!;-[N(7.
M:R.DY5[5 FR9/!++HMC)8:WC+JJ?IU]:#XM ](Z2AOTBGCL6(8+!E)&Q@&




K%43F
MXH'D$A@FLE*J^DS:6J@ZI;IRE5*)HQ
'K

MJT22N O


M!;;2FQU\H^D!W+L XB
^'^$.HG0@;3'MV41XR;Q8B)A2.(M(*+$(8QK\$3EF


'S07*%:!HD$
M=SI-]W4I+4(@1PU5?E\)[J9!=VV1+<M7[?A!G^PQ6':(XU5**%?TUW^2D%
MV)]FWJZ&D\G)4@HO72[G2)%_X\36EPU%/=&^(
Q&B^-$?[3

:T)P+ZZV0.
M(A\$T

J+(7$^




ME&+]QW1LW$K?X;[)QB4OEC5$T,75Q79WO&:F5


M'^)GA^5G\_DNED!&TP;=#)!(.3OT!S$MS_YP2?+?YLN4=X?WJ[3^WC0T\=
M.+((^\AR




M3X3VI#*=\YP]('E'1J4LIQB@5[3M7[T/) ^J 5W


M
WUR0]K5U_O[ZR^/&F: )8]B -O #T@(#XJE5]0@GY
+PRS14;&CJ-.^U4


#EU



/9CLR1%PM_.J[





M&GH1
=W_.:(IHKD: 032A;+N37VJ.:5'_\+P%W#J)_H'=MX



7*@GQ'0C\\+]#GO;P?Z


M_+!;% )Q)UH/#6XZ*#T-,%'(^4X.$HIPHC17?CH21G#!4X^6QM7QP/!N]K

AV:JZ2?(R!'L6W]':G) ] 6MS:








#B!VX




62]&1:
M32E!0X8%IJDH!VA5@F9$A):Z4;B=4@60QCLDUA8C0V9^$[7[
NI'A09

4 WFHCCV[S+*1H.
M6*.:8)+Q;ANI1L#WZEN.B&]E:(

V




G;*#UCW;ADZBJ\?_@0^
MW6[^\@ ^W6\^@T\W7]9?KFZ^_ K65X\W?[YYO+E^4'KU77



!B



* 1P(!($Z8^H-_/8YA2A1




+/T_'N(!XA]+ ((4UMY

=


FE&Z_
M ./%D$XU-51K6AM*.E77/%%73,VA8H08&/-A0L \BA+X=)^'KI?&UVJQ\TK&
M\\.F[]5B



MYMJEGJ;@MU27N@I!+\M;ZXW3:43 U3@?\74$T+





Y22)=Y8MO1
R -\)F4C
MK*5%YO-#+NFRA!!?US2GQJ* 
+Q?GZ[H)O04+=]VI%YIK [@ ;?XQX=
LK7K

*?E


OLKM%CER/DG!AR@<VPERM]1$D@1@U\'Z'WP5\8-O?V/P<TU(-Z/W\.^


E&T_=K8<BX_W^.'@3F:@20YRW. +TE%V\ XKRQ-


M]&;(SIM
8UP_OL  6KN(V5I0GHY^N

M#-*G/MX TB5[Z0IIW

S!GDDD4#$U.=[/KEL8S/OIN7C6V
MQ?GL89UZLRQR2T;2'[;M-[9.:6D+8NG=G)6QDMZ!SMB-0

MZ?K-H7X.^UZ9M-UL?U73TQ;YC39]5DMCT@;]9[(GUH65SF]KC N(YK'@7#;*


!^[Y



VFVI2 ;2/XY0R*;.H3BB PN=68T$#P;-$RG]
M*B9P((];7R!@ENLI7?4H;DHB$1RC[)[%F0QS:3O!3X*J
?&:M-XYN,D5YQ
MOPN4YKGDEHC(S_6*H:FA1LL]DT.^BJLI 1BP;/E.?\DV3_NE^Z[CDW^L?;L
RR]PUG'3T




M


F3J&2R(JE9U.
M]=-O_PF9?KVYNHG]8^W9A$81AGD[?/(#9(H[I&GP (-79PNOT+-7 ;0=]-S.
3Z]6T64'1P)XRXX22
M;ZW;P-)P=:?PJB8!67Z..EU




)1GQFJ^$IX/RD[VUKEE_'A.5Q8]]TQ(Z&HZ

M5?

M;SR=3X67;S3=*FV@




;^O!8V?R+


*O%N


RSK3G)I?$A5L0?I71+6@
M5 U*]$M0T9BZD1

MX/MDL3PBALA'L7R4*#AC^[O1&=L'3K5 8TQ]''AY*6+R*[MVA24R)1'84^$L

MCH6@)Q\E8O1.B/MZ
=;I1?/$MZ\K;)#PQ?>B5_

M7L4'M$
WKUUX460\'B6WN\4-\X]S%[G#




::3I*9I6 2L6%W &D*47RG6!H
.@
#
MG5CV!$-AFMDGA


M8/NS)LOIV$J'^XD\NH;R'$MD?XD^^8=(^T1 F7OC(_?NMNE=W.PO$2(R068*
MRERT&KY@#!OW/?N6@).*=L3E)ADM\1F



MQ+FAKY.
%9YH'7\C



M1*]VQ
[1[V.U:$=^A_!/FGU(R\SXP08'-




M/*]Q




K*W[1 Y]G8=5ZH/^C9




M

RM%'=



'V($@+,T
M9N


[=]YG9\1KN/T$Q*-YTT 4#!D

MHA5_]79(W$*8C7;S];23V]5H\G\L$PIORKRTXF7T^#)%S(OGGJ&@WC]]R&IO



MLD+8#)3^GEE=/-.(F=I&=@23ZC@ (B


AT:6M\%;IB8F:]'NXHF\R#?$R33VQF.'76A'1I=A;B*\


M6(Z*%%/?[LRBFZ.M

MN^ZE_7E XB@9(U4'?)(47L2(Z*

MM

_9;)*.

6(#.4X@]+CLT'4;\QI'X/?U4H

MH
2W\];OBCP



M0WJBML7%+I*


M:NBO2SBZ4Q_D@NJP

F'HQ2\0/



M8#%(%J-F%:3M=QM0P62UC=-P&1FCL0P;C072U=).Y,M7D2Q6Y;[6NH..U

@K7;QANO\T_H;KNRMS]/%XM%
MH?6+HUV=\$2<T%K&ZZ_I_K83Y!VC&WW.J17ZMRDQTV3:=MJO3[L#FS2=H7W

-+VA%9IT5

M
11 ^''M
'2VSIHQUVKSKP-']]TANMOFNF1VV=:EOR
L]XJ]D) 8OS#HMN88


MM:
E=?^3KHYL\):
$3:(










M.\S*XK5O?8M+


M(N):0V0.QN+YI=373MX!1UALB$3)DLE\U *PZ_JCNE#HZN9F&5R;G)M&G$@6
M:)#MP


3S L#J$D;_#P55R
B 4!5?=BS 0


M*;4!K^)9O5@K&R ^A+*FYVGIAT008I+@\=3;+TO:+XV8J6]B1SI8
!R/CF
M.5'X\/A-!B%'[\ AI6B(S'6?UJ0&


7V_6&2+34T2@M39-D_\;E

MW&VOG(#\P@_>TP:@!?557&5EZ+]N)ZTB:*-


M$;[G%\'=.O8SH]K*1E+YH'8NJ[)_'3JS%HL8[JB@E L:6B-'.1 F_&NKUI

MJD'\?\/!LS]P!
96]E636QK=IJ^JA^J:N)CLUK_AR.LQF*BC2\806RYS
6

MM\MC%M/%?#QO'-?HNE9'CB!ZN=M
$\W WD
R_*1.^;1A)#/CB^J+_91RI

Y*!9TAIBH
_T5B12Z
MQ?!K_@-J2S(5=FYI1?_*QUVA0






$E:=8A=-_];N$&L8O_+')F+1:(!<0Z$N_EKX PJOMB!W]B
M=FJ!UL*LL

MUV'D[.@.[V?;?A/[[;TMJX;+XPMFXC.]-2H0.$&108+E-#=E(QL$E
0%P;
M@TMJ!:)F)+^A?2VQ!.5



MD]

DI9'0Z(
=L;M4/'JS0_LA.24B088L\G9*K/+-


0S*'


0+%B
?K&CN(KW9;FXM$CFS2331*K@F) ,MFFTR*T[(B@S/3




ML69$5:
%F1WG;4M<)/

^%T-W?
M29=+7GUIS^+K)@-PG4[(0.'UZ.GY?+Z
5^5BR6RX\AK+1FLJ'&[);0AORPML






M\DL;PMJ:6@%%C:$ 1

MA5)AZ'LB#A8M?;VSNGBG&3.UC:X,M7Q, $Q][[KK-_Y?UM'HT+O F*ITB)





ZMD4H+Q'-!%N-QTKW7G+0%VBM1X1?'$SWL$?NU

MV8FX ZN=\D(L(C\SCTSZ8;*=@GI\BY



D0

!M&?_!7']%]]



#VHW0


_.H^$0?F62?_
AV

MG8OAV7'/[1%X+D7@Y]X)V






MXN3^N1?BG_BD!L_%NZ)7A^C5#YS_E!(.A]-SD/K.N-E+HUU)U6+MT
GUET


PHU2D^#?X/G#6RG,^);6?)MLU
MN215^4[55GP=!Y:2,1-3$;/UY,E1X8<XILRDLD-%PF5[$$^04T5(8BF;?V*

Q)!H)2%*#[S&E8\0

)


FX5=G)G 9H\T0\4WHY
MML[Y08#X53J]HZ486:I+
K9@Z=.TJ 9+

MKVZ$Y')%E@3]]-FNM]?1$AY]/^&=T07SZ



M]
$OO6[CLH&Z@!
_OY;S!.#\FJCVT^PFE!R;FDS'$VO@S@/B_)KN7D7AQRCU






T&TW6R11!V4T'A6!=Y8U

U5_@Y.MKYO?%(


MZZQM+UJMU_[!BPC%L'F @\/6F;#8RSJA*V21^![^9&0EI=PSR2@3C1+9Z#O\


M; SD6 NZ%7EGY;UCA:A3D7P;D-2!NO&*(
H0G26)KTI6N'X=V6[6:O?CJU


H





2O\

MWS/#4&H9RU-.;$L*^(7H![


XT^5TG /8\7QX%46!\WR(V&@F\LD8
M)JCI5'M[*%;AI:^K^1(OH*5=^CHR&]J1R(]L=U 7SJD+3W=/JUOT^'1W^3]_
MO[N]NGYX)(WO]V\W3_^$';K5(;\XV*J

MBYR*/.?#@PK\_


2C!
8F!63UO



!




MA4.+'(^?3R;S\_
ZJ(#T6RK]JL$(8.\CU



MHP;7!)1\- S!RI6_LYW:';K:YV'QPHV0&L
O&A'#!9J#F4X.-J&FP4% W!0;










M



=+
M%7MLC^

O@1^&\06X;*9VR+?-
MB+3-YX:VJ6O:UD(6^;E;4X0
XKDKO*:33!P^X/#@TDMT/Q./[TFS#GC2.

M]T.'Y4W(-08YT? 

M#3'MRWH =/4@
@%JS

M^P IT7Y





LEFYS


S+B
D&O&-@
+]Y$;SU*T$[/][_@DU.6Y\
MQQKYB=1FLY:T!BE62%,:Q,-GT!CNB:#W'Q2M-[N]O8ZN$X21QX(/.6ZXC9A

M?SU#7\,]@:.#D/G5QRA-9-U^3IU#UB:9AO:=3L1#DD:+MB(0_K3N$T _AW

@

%WP7@6426GH?ZP X=*O/'(-\=AQ&]JR_'VOB\[K-/3<:(-KKE:#J?





UTS



#$V
#8S

V
MEN[[1

=%D)@.=\V
Z.O_W?UYUW=0 P= /_[]^]__[==U? MP/'

/7A^_=75]LH


M];_M_X






M[


)H


9[1LB$5(&

M _@'1-/
.:3P@W1?Z6; $VQ'4 '. _^$_\TA_ZQJLU78.=:EMWOT_H^P_+




MENPLA_4#3WRW?

JA+8[4C 



M6&


W3&J&! GICVFBDIUZ
M'.((G^(:(-:6-(GPK22UBR;?!W'IZ8VSH4%HQXC_-M\=3FVL%O9D
N5D&



JU(\1ZU)]G3\(@HA!& WO'6BJRO

;




0ALK_M VFT':C1&JC\'



_1I!W_^WK



ZFGMI4C
KS
M[8]_^2U;]K.:93][1DHO$FM/B.+OUS^.&1D).DG2QSWZ+:P!DMYV:#KQ+/)1


^MZ
MN4:[AL&.J6)EGPWXUL(5?L0 DA<SW[][]]T58B(I+_B8\$LEDE 8H4T)2$O<
MTPT@V@M__^[#=U=QB!@,]DDFA\80L93$ ID/1B$CK.YAH-B2=@'5.Z.@XM6&
M3A%*I.@E8^C1N7$IE7 \L.H8:&HA 4\?YG@J;.4% #]. %4;_(J(/JW44-T
M(LD5L/QUU+#4JX@%.C]-Z)P;GW)XWH];QJ%[+ J$S%(EVBT@J@VA@
DLO:+E







M/1'&


M:=IY5TV'\W]5'!S[_IN!![Q:X.G%2X1SA16&CI)N8WO8X@^@I^4\!WR=JN




M5H
NA1K6*=_022L^Z)HYLXMN/#0(JUQ=5?T!)9W%^+P&6P(8FM/B.6/C5-








M!:TI:ZQ;E7C]E:2VN

3-=L&*(\524*! S4\\37&.B


HWCL*XFU&
MFNH MJ;^S*)




MUJU4J(%0G=O@3$^9:0E19N0S/36F)3P52Z+IJ3!\&-5JK*9GNTQ!;P
&O4W@


M
!/=;H'MH?_A\++1NRIRN9W.3Q'@1&.%VD

*GP*-/0+65DB?@


S@7
%A3WS
KMU!!
NQ\0/U1!<B
MHF_SX*.K&X0TCOO\HCH$$9WI0DLKC3&Y/V^MAO($-O:^.FVE@E)TX1;+AD)G

M:98'$
P'X



MI
A8T.-+R.GTR
A8H!3TTG=Z@F3DF-)C/ K3XICS Y67^ST)QR@5MCCRY014
+!-!A:Y*SJ5K5W*<6Q<^QS/-Y?V3G\Y9'_U]7:1UT-66]
MFPK^
VLP\_=74N[_LD,-D?,/FJXR%S4X2J@D$?6TS.N&8]G ,%/]L@2H(45
MNA%X O#@VB#1E)? #C8^&25]HX 1

/==!2GK)C15N*513FRO)
M\B:G




M5 LB=T7VU.YQ]F+!TX)!@IW58'K^6AL%U[.&%T:OLO
;$9)4+BW+=
GUDCD3
MJXN#Q9+@2!IQ3(P,AAF#:3\60RFT%;74M_''U@VM.SQJ9G
1HA8II3.!XV

36EL<1Y.96 N=J)E_

&+&L@PB%



#F6.?Z^#7$

-(PKRS!M*;W^[SSCNH1CCD-T;7





3%'@ \\XN:GLXH




M^+*$37^#0@Z6#7FY[1ZE

HVH
MQE)9O^\F*
P==3@







M[T9Q1U(Q:HZ]S*!Z/W:H2@ZM#)

3N<

8/?3QI)R4.YCZ'O1F@%H!F\=U_QO_!5
FF*H%K_B3%H?D<-Q4[<('%Y;E&\3H+(CV(E!#T)EQ


M5Q+X!(


MBHWXN8^QU'^&\U=$1O&R)\$S_-6-D'HU7Z




MNY@&M*9WB



HH0

M[W86/
[7
_2SDT$6!?:W.6$$O[_GQ8@6_!QF(N$2FO/#00?IMD)[/MU4RD])
M9KK3Y(PMI=84)B5?U62#L

$.(E%O@X0 2_Z9C_K.+@



M]7RQ=NR:U:*C:




M %)Y@VD8XNL[!2WUETN!Z]

0!T_3![C
IW/JI

MFYZ.*0)0HXYNZFNK''85NM Z$N
Y)S;4]38RPWCV F;Y-4R5;\-.!MK)0-M$

M]F2A


C)FBE%4:W<?).)

[JK











A[\I@:YKE+4BV_YG0

C]]ML7+XZ:U]0W J5%=-S4(7P@@?D^4


M&A#3AUK 
TX!73AMRK1BNQW$ FJ43(&6\2+Y5)58'!JJVRA#9PQ.B3-TV!MQ

3-+D^4
!FD0 
9R

PJ+
MW; $^\1D$6+;8%IS;K9&
_
/8


UX'
(_)*#


WS





MR;#* 6*]
:F;'?5R[8



MUAS(QNZN)#


MU3_&97FLEFE*^)FU[OG :G6(F=VH7N1M7-B!LF ^3!:8#@.+7/? F8K[.]





W*8]!GF;

2 7Z9N5*](X^

**2B(HI_^V#3K3?
M AL21R#2/6


DH.
MEK-533?_R0%54**8'L;K FNS4#(]C=?E+&(,Z;;^7 VNWF-]^0* =EI%-V
M



MW7)2H

4^ 3D&:U

H2
!E@]Y2T
OP#@!&NN_(EQD#-U^FW





0



6


M(EC:4I18GQ]\M
9C

ML$#:+2#VA

MI(7'4#'[*S?IHZ2MX9N%:QOJP75N-@PB4? 8&_=_2JX\R.DXC&/0=%1I*RL
MU4NPV@9QB/1YMAP(8$( '^^\]WG.

.+]1


O4 ';1P+9J]HC0

M/



Q* N\MLJ#N$C
\27P0+$^$X Q
8P^M





MR5CK2L[Y^A_-/-\9F9R,H.AFI(G38\);YE-FB_)L[*_Q48WTQ39%3.^IX%

M[^



MFG1





F&GY)%)=M# 
&C\

MN9PBTKLIK;F8^.


W'T[? 3@Z;^K8JSM2;XFF5'%*DD)#U


MJ!2! 53R%Y9?Y:&PD+112F7UX18:G6DKI926YOL6V!XZ;P07#

MCEWEU4N/E'7=%66&Z[:$]#TX!1N=(1DD79A(P:CQB/QMPOE,!@T+J&P4WS%
M!:!6JU/5HC66ETPI^EO^\;#0&!^-5 Q:$IV)?-][8*KIFSF
MV=7:^D5MS3

M9G\'T$8+G.:^:#_@9?$_7Y





G/?A(-OK#.=++P//N
M XC+WW'SQS68'GP_^$@F 6&$52QN_BJ=]. CK?4DQ$:YCP;Z3
O56*/IL

Q! VILYPC: !A^0^L.-=3JH



7Y!:(
YJ=


C525@.B!-=Q]+S]
I.OQ9KIW5NHM






MC7H!2.#)PU
I!X%\M$OA/(@E;8=\M OAG#P!+(_U9+A+X?TED
@Y&DPO 4CL
M1F3+D8*GZ/A

M




[4L%6\QV=@M-0&TSF






H18<]=ITZK;M'QS.ZJ-NH!$]O1@W]
M9'D@_.R^/ME;X

22.QG4JI2C/SD&SD
MU$=AUC204@GGQ@JWX 6G R'.@?






M.LT/#%T2

!1

M7;$3TE-
M4.V$S_8
-;!;[H;6TS










V?(_11)-%?6_XW[)TX+X0F84 EQ6FL(WD3?K[.




MILPF:G


MJ75]%@#]-'J FF*=DW#3+VKU;



26#@=.Y(
C;%[DL0@7 5Y
F*V)!
M7/5AR?%:

HG104FT#!^RE- 9OLXJMU[S




MX&#U!&V
_QQ%UOO
?EN]XJ8;).9%\
MG57P]34$\S7:




MCZ=5($/K$(:V_-!JSMI;X

'O\V$+M0G
M8

MU1DZ^*T-R
K5D%-
]00&4M_\;K%F3)%/W!Y8VL1&[,1M.ME,$5+YAV4U:F




/9PBL


M*/6-)749\L4BIF%P#G









2KU?18@S[G8U !<[@(!PVULJ<]KK7LW:(E[*#/

M1Y!%-Y)'RE1'I_#31W58\P^AY/T7=$@#0A41E]*(JH8-V-!)Y6[DX^?T)3/^





M Y\LUW\


M(C./?Q%
K:8_FRAO7783T8=[9E%#!;L&(]Q8N4&-21-=;V9V








7/ P 5              
M 7#4 0!J8G-S+3(P,38P-C,P7V1E9BYX;6Q02P$% 
4     M@AA)F;Y$


end



